Adobe Corporate 
Social Responsibility
Report 2023
Volvo Truck, outdoor performance by Adobe x MoMA 
Creative Resident DonChristian Jones

Adobe Corporate Social Responsibility Report 2023
Contents
Introduction
A Message From Our CEO 
03
Our Values in Action 
05
Our Pillars
Creativity for All 
07
Adobe for All 
14
Technology to Transform 
24
Sustainability at Scale 
29
Reporting
Employee Impact 
36 
Hometown Commitment, Hometown Action 
37
Governance and Oversight 
39
About this Report 
40
Key Performance Indicators 
41		
2
© 2024 Adobe. All Rights Reserved.

A Message From Our CEO 
Over the past four decades, Adobe has consistently expanded its vision to deliver 
transformational technologies that propel the industry and the company forward. 
Adobe’s mission to change the world through personalized digital experiences is 
more critical than ever as digital continues to rapidly transform work, life and play.
Adobe Creative Cloud, Document Cloud and Experience Cloud 
are vital to the success of creators, communicators, students 
and entrepreneurs and mission-critical to businesses of all sizes. 
Our strategy to unleash creativity for all, accelerate document 
productivity and power digital businesses is driving our growth 
across every geography. 
In fiscal year 2023, our teams delivered incredible innovations at an 
accelerated pace. We built on our decade-plus of AI leadership with 
a robust, multi-faceted generative AI strategy that focuses on all 
three layers of the technology stack: data, models and interfaces.
Our rich datasets enable us to create foundation models in 
categories where we have deep domain expertise. We are bringing 
generative AI to life across our incredible array of industry-leading 
product interfaces to accelerate ideation, exploration, insights and 
end-to-end production, delivering magic and productivity gains  
for a broader set of customers.
AAt every step, we're guided by our purpose to harness the best 
of Adobe - our people, platform, resources, and creativit
y - to create positive change in the communities where we l
ive and work.
Adobe for All
We are dedicated to creating a workplace that reflects the diversity of the world around us.
 In 2023, we maintained global gender pay parity and women
 represent 35.3% of our global employee base.
A
s
 
p
a
r
t of our commitment to folstering a diverse and inclusive workforce, we are supporting individuals through midcareer transition and workforce re-entry via programs like Adobe Digital Academy, as well as regional
We want everyone to feel included, respected and empowered to make an impact.
W
e
 
t
a
k
e pride in the impact we can uniquely drive across three key areas: Adobe for All, Creativity for All and Technology to Transform
3
© 2024 Adobe. All Rights Reserved.
Adobe Corporate Social Responsibility Report 2023

initiatives. We are advancing the growth and development of 
our employees through external initiatives such as the McKinsey 
Connected Leaders Academy in the U.S., Women in Tech Forum 
career coaching program across Europe, Middle East and Africa, 
and Women Emerging Leaders Program in the Asia Pacific region. 

We are continuing to expand our Equity and Advancement 
Initiative supporting 11 international and U.S.-based nonprofits 
in fostering racial and social justice worldwide. We are also 
broadening our work with three Historically Black Colleges 
and Universities and Hispanic-Serving Institutions to address 
educational inequities, democratize digital and creative literacy 
as essential 21st century skills and to advance diversity in the 
technology and creative talent pipeline.
“We’re accelerating our momentum, 
delivering Adobe Magic to an expanding 
set of global customers, and making a 
meaningful impact across the technology 
industry and around the world.”
Creativity for All
As the creativity company, we are committed to empowering 
millions of creators of all ages and backgrounds to access the 
tools, skills and platforms they need to express themselves, 
reach their full potential and share their diverse perspectives 
with the world. We’re helping them harness the power 
of generative AI to further enhance creative ideation and 
expression. 

Through programs like Diverse Voices, we are supporting 
underrepresented creators by providing platforms to amplify 
their work and facilitate mentorship from industry leaders. We 
are financially supporting hundreds of creators through our 
Adobe Creative Residency program. 

This year, we partnered with the Victoria and Albert Museum in 
London and the Museum of Modern Art in New York, enabling 
creators from underrepresented communities to work with 
these renowned institutions. Additionally, through India Creative 
Clubs, we are working to advance creative learning for 96,000 
children and youth without access to creative curriculum or 
tools, including students in 10,000 villages across India.
A Message From Our CEO 
Technology to Transform
We take the impact of our technology as seriously as the 
development of the technology itself and are committed to 
advancing its responsible use through AI ethics, security, privacy, 
trust, transparency, accessibility, and sustainability. With the 
accelerating shift to digital channels, consumer expectations, 
privacy laws and platform requirements are evolving at an 
unprecedented pace. Creating a trusted digital environment 
for creators, community partners, customers and employees 
requires ongoing collaboration across the software industry, 
with policymakers, customers and partners.
We are driving global solutions and standards through industry-
wide efforts such as the Content Authenticity Initiative which 
we founded in 2019 and technologies like Content Credentials, 
dedicated to building trust and transparency in digital content. 
We are also advancing our longstanding commitments to 
sustainability and climate action. We aim to meet our operational 
electricity demand with 100% renewable electricity by 2025—
a decade ahead of the original goal—through a mix of local 
and regional solar, wind and green tariffs. We are committed to 
meeting our net zero target by 2050. We continuously optimize 
our AI architecture to minimize energy consumption and invest 
in code optimization and efficient scheduling strategies. 
4
© 2024 Adobe. All Rights Reserved.
Adobe Corporate Social Responsibility Report 2023

A Message From Our CEO 
Living Our Purpose
2023 was an exciting year at Adobe. I'm proud of how our 
employees around the world embraced our new company 
values to Create the Future, Own the Outcome, Raise the Bar 
and Be Genuine while living our purpose. Our strong culture, 
groundbreaking innovations, and progressive workplace policies 
have helped us attract and retain the best talent in the industry.
Our employees are at the center of our philanthropic approach, 
offering their time, donations and talents to make the largest 
collective impact. In 2023, our employee donations, corporate 
grants and matches reached over $33 million, and our employees 
completed over 200,000 hours of volunteer time, supporting  
over 10,500 organizations worldwide. 
One of our most exciting new initiatives is our Hometown 
Commitment. Launched in 2023, it is a holistic approach to 
supporting local nonprofits through employee engagement, 
volunteerism and advocacy along with product donations 
and Adobe Foundation funding. Starting with the community 
surrounding our headquarters, we are supporting 11 San Jose 
nonprofit organizations working to address immediate needs such 
as homelessness and food insecurity, as well as infrastructure 
to revitalize the area and ensure robust cultural institutions. 
We intend to expand these commitments to our international 
hometowns in London and Maidenhead, United Kingdom, and 
Noida and Bangalore, India, building on our ongoing support of 
these communities.
We are honored to be recognized for the strength of our brand, 
culture and industry leadership. Content Credentials and Adobe's 
approach to responsible AI were recognized by Fast Company 
as one of the year's breakthrough innovations. We were again 
named to the Dow Jones Sustainability Index, Glassdoor listed 
Adobe as one of the best places to work, The Wall Street Journal 
ranked Adobe in its top 20 best managed companies of 2023 and 
Interbrand ranked us in the top 20 Best Global Brands as a rising 
brand for the eighth year in a row.
As we look to the decade ahead, Adobe continues to build on 
its strong foundation of transformative innovation, category and 
brand leadership, financial performance and profitable growth. 
We’re accelerating our momentum, delivering Adobe Magic to 
an expanding set of global customers and making a meaningful 
impact across the technology industry and around the world.
Shantanu Narayen
Chair & CEO, Adobe Inc. 
Courtesy of Gensler | Jason O'Rear Photography.
Adobe Corporate Social Responsibility Report 2023
5
© 2024 Adobe. All Rights Reserved.

Our Values in Action 
Governance and Financial
58%
board of directors with gender 
or demographic diversity 
19.41 billion dollarsB
Revenue 
Represents 10% year-over-year growth 
14.22 billion dollarsB
Digital Media  
Revenue 
4.89 billion dollars4.89 billion dollarsB 
Digital Experience 
Revenue 
Represents 11% year-over-year growth
Community1
$33M+
provided in employee donations and 
corporate grants and matches by 
Adobe and its employees 
83 thousand plusK83 thousand plus
organizations served globally 
13.5 million dollars
donated by employees 
through our Season of 
Change program  
200 thousand plus
hours volunteered by  
Adobe employees 
 1 Data represents calendar year 2023.
Employees
35.3%
of our global employee base are women
Represents year-over-year increase 
29.0% 
female in leadership2
Represents year-over-year increase
11.6%
of our U.S. employee base are 
  
underrepresented minorities3
2 Leadership role includes employees who are director-level and above
3  Employees who identify as Black/African American, Hispanic
  Latinx, Native American, Pacific Islander and/or two or more races
Sustainability
Net zero
by 2050 declared as target
100% 
renewable electricity is on 
track to be achieved by 2025
Continued to optimize AI architecture 
to minimize energy usage 
Awards and Rankings
6
© 2024 Adobe. All Rights Reserved.
Adobe Corporate Social Responsibility Report 2023

Our Pillars
Creativity for All
As the creativity company, we are 
uniquely committed to Creativity for All: 
empowering millions of creators of all 
ages and backgrounds to access the tools, 
skills and platforms they need to express 
themselves, reach their full potential and 
share their diverse perspectives. 
We believe creativity is the great enabler. It has the power to 
create change in the world by uniting us, helping us cope and 
inspiring us. Adobe is empowering millions of people of all ages, 
backgrounds and experience levels to share their stories and 
create a richer world for all by: 
	■
Promoting creativity in youth and education 
	■
Nurturing creativity around the world 
	■
Championing diverse perspectives 
7
© 2024 Adobe. All Rights Reserved.
Right: Illustration by Adobe Creative Residency 
Community Fund recipient Ran Zheng.

Promoting Creativity in Youth and Education 
Digital literacy is an imperative for professional success, and we’re committed to equipping students and teachers with what they need 
to be productive and effective in the classroom and beyond. We’re working to ensure all students have access to creative curricula and 
opportunities by investing in youth and their creative pursuits through:  
Adobe Express
40 million students
provided with a K–12 education version of 
Adobe Express designed to support student 
learning and safety globally
Khan Academy
3 million students
and 40,000 teachers received educational 
resources and fluency in creative skills 
through partnerships
India 2% for Youth
96 thousand children
ages 10 to 25 supported in creative learning 
through the expansion of the India Creative 
Clubs in 10,000 villages
Adobe Creative Campuses
and universities engaged to advance digital 
literacy and access to Adobe Creative Cloud 
and Adobe Express for students
70+ colleges
8
© 2024 Adobe. All Rights Reserved.
Creativity for All

Nurturing Creativity Around the World 
Adobe uniquely drives impact by 
empowering the world’s creators.
Adobe Creative Residency
Every year, through the Adobe Creativity Residency program, we 
support talented individuals to work on a personal creative project 
while sharing their process, insights and experiences with the 
creative community. We believe that a world full of people with 
the opportunity to reach their full potential, who are more creative, 
means the world as a whole will be more creative. That is a future 
that excites all of us at Adobe. We are especially excited about 
our Creative Residents program, funded by Adobe Foundation 
and done in collaboration with world-class museums. In 2023 we 
identified four talented, engaging artists to be our first cohort of 
Creative Residents. 
The impact of Adobe’s Creative Residents program goes far beyond 
giving artists early in their careers access to resources at world-class 
museums. Each of the residents was selected in part because of 
their commitment and passion to work with local communities and 
mentor young artists, thereby inspiring the next generation to bring 
their creativity to life. Through collaboration with amazing artists 
and great museums we hope to engage millions of young people 
globally with creative programming and resources that will allow 
them to bring their creativity to the world. 
Luca Bosani, costume designer, Victoria & Albert Museum Resident.
DonChristian Jones, multimedia artist, Museum of Modern Art Resident.
Jacqui Ramrayka, ceramicist, Victoria & Albert Museum Resident.
Rachel Sale, illustrator, Victoria & Albert Museum Resident.
9
© 2024 Adobe. All Rights Reserved.
Creativity for All

Supporting Mental Health Through Creativity 
According to the World Health 
Organization, nearly 1 billion people 
globally live with a mental health disorder. 
The Adobe Foundation believes creativity 
is an important pathway to mitigate the 
mental health crisis. 
Adobe and the Adobe Foundation  
partner with industry organizations,  
like the Ad Council, JED Foundation  
and United for Global Mental Health,  
that share our commitment to positive  
mental well-being, provide resources  
for support, and open new pathways  
for more people to create. 
Adobe Foundation x NAMI
In 2023, the Adobe Foundation and the National Alliance on 
Mental Illness (NAMI) partnered to further explore the connection 
between mental health, well-being and creative expression. 
Together, the organizations surveyed nearly 2,000 people ages 
13+ across the U.S. on how creativity impacts mental health. The 
findings, detailed in the published study Creative Approaches for 
Managing Mental Health, found that engaging in any creative 
activity has a strong, positive impact on metal health. For example, 
nearly two-thirds of survey participants (63%) identified an 
improved sense of confidence in their abilities as a benefit, while 
a similar number (61%) said that creative activities reduce their 
feelings of stress or anxiety.
These important findings have paved the way for more programs 
and collaborations that provide the necessary tools, resources and 
support to those who need it most during this critical time. 
63%
of survey participants 
identified an improved sense 
of confidence in their abilities 
as a benefit of engaging in 
creative activity
61%
of survey participants said that 
creative activities reduce their 
feelings of stress or anxiety
10
© 2024 Adobe. All Rights Reserved.
Creativity for All

Championing Diverse Perspectives 
Adobe invests in diverse creators and promotes systems and policies that give everyone 
the opportunity to create, make their voices heard and share their stories. 
Sundance Ignite x Adobe Fellowship
Through the Sundance Ignite and Women to Watch x Adobe 
Fellowships, we support new voices and talents from the next 
generation of emerging documentary and narrative filmmakers 
by providing artistic and professional development. So far, 
143 filmmakers have gone through the programs and 21 have 
premiered films at the Sundance Film Festival. Here are the stories 
of our fellows who were featured at Sundance in 2023.
Image courtesy of The Sundance Institute.
Adobe Foundation x USC Annenberg 
Our ongoing efforts to create a more inclusive and diverse 
entertainment industry inspired the Adobe Foundation to also get 
behind “The Inclusion List” — a new research-led effort with the 
USC Annenberg Inclusion Initiative, which measures inclusion in 
the film industry. The groundbreaking list was released in parallel 
to the 2023 Festival de Cannes, the iconic celebration of films and 
filmmakers driving the art form forward. The full study is available 
at inclusionlist.org. 
“Creativity for All is how we bring to life our purpose 
to create positive change in the communities 
where we live and work. Every day Adobe inspires 
creativity and creates impactful opportunity around 
the world. I could not be more proud of our team, 
our collaborators and our partners who are with us 
on this incredible journey.”
— Stacy Martinet, Vice President of Marketing Strategy &   	     	         	
    Communications
2023 USC SDA MFA Film Initiative by Ian Dooley.
Master of Fine Arts Acting Program Grant
As part of its commitment to support the next generation of 
storytellers, the Adobe Foundation granted $250,000 to the USC 
School of Dramatic Arts’ (SDA) Master of Fine Arts (MFA) Acting 
Program to directly support the production of short films written, 
directed and performed by a diverse slate of third-year MFA acting 
students. The MFA Acting program trains its artists to be media-
agile, multihyphenate creators and entrepreneurs, which it believes 
is critical to making storytelling across all mediums more inclusive. 
Seventy-five percent of USC SDA’s MFA Acting cohort identifies 
with an underrepresented racial/ethnic group, and this program is a 
critical pipeline for acting talent into the industry. 
11
© 2024 Adobe. All Rights Reserved.
Creativity for All

Adobe Express for Nonprofits
We believe everyone should have access to tools, inspiration and support to tell their story 
and share it with the world. Adobe Express for Nonprofits offers qualifying nonprofits the 
premium version of Adobe Express paired with training and resources tailored to meet the 
needs of the nonprofit sector and help organizations advance their missions. 
Partnerships
Partners like PSYDEH, an organization that 
invests in rural and Indigenous women in 
Mexico, have leveraged Express to create 
portraits and narrations with local women 
while also developing a vast online catalog of 
videos, films and animations featuring their 
work. Others, like Real Options for City Kids, 
which provides active and enriching youth 
programs in the San Francisco Visitacio Valley, 
use Express to translate materials into different 
languages — all within the app, providing 
essential program information in English, 
Spanish, Chinese, Vietnamese and Samoan. 
Image courtesy of PSYDEH.
Image courtesy of NAACP.
NAACP
The NAACP is a civil rights organization, and part of its focus 
is on diversity and inclusion in the Hollywood entertainment 
industry. The organization uses Adobe Express in its fellowship 
and internship programming, where fellows and interns are able 
to create social media posts and access brand style guides. 
“We’re a small creative group within a nonprofit, and 
it’s so beneficial to have our interns or fellows, who 
may or may not be familiar with the intricacies of 
our brand guide, be able to confidently have all the 
preapproved branding, fonts and digital assets at their 
fingertips in one app. This allows them to shoot, edit 
and generate content while on the move.” 
—Creative Director Cristian Colbert, NAACP
12
© 2024 Adobe. All Rights Reserved.
Creativity for All

Nonprofits at MAX 
Adobe’s annual MAX conference is all about 
the power of creativity. At the 2023 event, for 
the first time, more than 50 nonprofit leaders 
from around the world, across different issue 
areas, came together to show how creativity 
can change the world.  

Organizations shared stories about how creative tools and 
technology are critical to enacting change and giving voice to 
marginalized communities. Limbitless Co-Founder and Executive 
Director Albert Manero shared how Adobe tools are used to 
scale their impact in designing bionic arms for children and 
adults. With Adobe’s support and tools, Outright International 
is advancing its mission-critical work to strengthen the capacity 
of the global LGBTIQ human rights movement, document and 
amplify human rights violations against LGBTIQ people, and 
advocate for inclusion and equality. At Creative Reaction Lab, 
Adobe applications help democratize the creative process 
and open up leadership opportunities to more Black and 
Latino/a/x/e youth in the St. Louis community. 
  
  
13
© 2024 Adobe. All Rights Reserved.
Creativity for All

Our Pillars
Adobe for All
As a company that enables everyone to 
imagine, create and deliver any digital 
experience, we have a responsibility to 
harness the best of our people, platform, 
creativity and innovation to make a 
unique impact in the world.
Our core belief is that when people feel respected and 
included, they are more creative, innovative and successful. 
This belief is the foundation of our Adobe for All commitment, 
which encapsulates our work to advance diversity, equity, and 
inclusion (DEI) across our business and in our communities. 
It guides how we recruit and support the growth of our 
employees as well as the role we play in changing the 
technology industry — and the world — for the better. 
We bring this vision to life with a focus on three key areas:
	■
Workforce
	■
Workplace
	■
Ecosystem
 
 
14
© 2024 Adobe. All Rights Reserved.
Right: Illustration by Adobe Creative Residency Community 
Fund recipient Mariano Pagella, aka Vasty.

Workforce
We believe diverse teams deliver more 
innovative solutions and better outcomes. 
We are committed to building and 
advancing our global employee population 
to reflect the diversity of our customers, 
partners and communities. We accomplish 
this by taking a human-centered, inclusive 
approach to hiring, retaining and promoting 
talent, and by embedding consistent and 
fair hiring and employment practices into 
how we work.
At Adobe, we appreciate the unique qualities that each 
person brings to work. We continue to run our job 
descriptions through AI software to identify and address 
potentially biased language, proactively publish to diversity 
job boards, and employ inclusive recruitment practices to 
help us source candidates from diverse backgrounds.
Building Career Pathways
Part of our commitment to fostering a diverse and inclusive workforce 
is by supporting individuals through midcareer transition and 
workforce re-entry via programs like Adobe Digital Academy, and 
regional initiatives like SheSparks in India.
The Adobe Digital Academy, in partnership with General Assembly, 
offers career switchers the education and experience needed to 
launch successful careers in user experience (UX) design, data science, 
software engineering and digital marketing. Established in March 2016, 
the Academy has provided over 300 candidates with scholarships and 
living stipends to support their enrollment in rigorous skills training. 
The training, paired with real-world industry experience gained 
through Adobe internships, leads to meaningful success: 50% of 
Digital Academy graduates have been promoted within their first year 
of post-program employment — at Adobe or other employers. 
 
Across our India sites, our innovative SheSparks internship program 
enables women to successfully transition back to full-time work after 
a career break. Established in 2019, this six-month bridge program 
empowers returning women professionals with training, role-specific 
mentors, a supportive community and opportunities to grow with 
high-impact work. To date, more than 100 women have participated 
in the program, and nearly 60% have secured positions at Adobe 
including project managers, data engineers, solution architects, 
engineering program managers and more.
15
© 2024 Adobe. All Rights Reserved.
Adobe for All

Employee Advancement
Our advancement programs are designed to help all employees 
reach their full potential and support one another along the way. 
Tailored to everyone from early-career employees to our most 
experienced professionals, our global and regional initiatives focus 
on advancing visibility and career growth and include programs to 
support promising employees from underrepresented groups. 
Adobe offers programs that provide leadership development and 
internal networking opportunities such as:
	■
Adobe Leadership Circles, which develops high-performing 
women leaders across our workforce.
	■
Women’s Executive Shadow Program, which creates ways for 
people to connect and find mentorship across the company; and
	■
Adobe Leader Experience, a quarterly “learn it when you need 
it” sequenced training to advance people leadership skills at Adobe.
We also provide sponsorship to support the growth and 
development of our employees through external initiatives such 
as the McKinsey Connected Leaders Academy in the U.S., Women 
in Tech Forum career coaching program in EMEA, and Women 
Emerging Leaders Program in APAC.
Workforce
16
© 2024 Adobe. All Rights Reserved.
Adobe for All

Workforce: Diversity By the Numbers
One important dimension of this effort is measuring our progress on the makeup of our employee base 
over time to ensure we are advancing diversity, equity and inclusion throughout our business.
Gender at Adobe
At the end of 2023, women represented 35.3% of our global workforce. 
The exact gender mix varied across our sites and geographies. 
Women at Adobe
Global
35.3%
Leadership1
29.0%
People  
Managers
34.2%
Technical2
27.6%
1 Leadership: Employees who are director-level and above.
2 Technical occupations in computing and information technology that require deep technical specialization and knowledge, as well as managers, 
directors, and executives who oversee technical employees and the development and delivery of technical products. Source: AnitaB.org.
Race and Ethnicity at Adobe
At the end of 2023, underrepresented minorities (URM) employees (i.e., those who identify as Black/African American, 
Hispanic/Latinx, Native American, Pacific Islander and/or two or more races) comprised 11.6% of our U.S. employee base.
31.8% Asian
51.4% White
2.5% two or more races
0.2% Native Hawaiian/Pacific Islander
0.2% Native American/Alaska Native
3.0% Black/African American
5.6% Hispanic/Latinx
5.2% undisclosed
View Adobe’s most recent EEO-1 report, 
which reflects U.S. government reporting 
requirements, here.
17
© 2024 Adobe. All Rights Reserved.
Adobe for All

Workplace
An environment where everyone feels they belong helps fuel innovation and strong performance. We want our employees to feel valued, 
supported and inspired to create their best work. To achieve this, we are committed to fostering inclusive leadership and building a culture 
that advance DEI across our organization, from how employees are paid to the experience they have on their immediate teams and in the 
broader Adobe community.
Continuing Our Commitment to Fair Compensation 
Practices
To demonstrate our commitment to ensuring fair pay, we regularly 
analyze our pay practices and provide transparency by publishing 
salary ranges on all U.S. job requisitions. Our total rewards, talent 
acquisition and talent management teams work together with 
our leaders to ensure we create a culture that fairly rewards and 
recognizes the contributions of all employees around the globe.
One metric we track is ensuring employees in the same job 
and location are paid fairly relative to one another. For 2023, 
we maintained global gender pay parity. In the U.S., our URM 
employees earned 99.35 cents for every dollar earned by U.S.  
non-URM employees. 
18
© 2024 Adobe. All Rights Reserved.
Adobe for All
Illustration by Adobe Creative Residency Community Fund recipient 
Monika Jurczyk, aka Monsie.

Workplace
Building Allyship
A powerful example of how we foster an inclusive workplace is 
Adobe for All Week, our annual internal DEI event that uses the 
power of storytelling to help build empathy, strengthen inclusion 
and expand perspectives. In 2023, more than 18,000 employees 
came together during this event to celebrate progress, be inspired 
by employee and guest speakers’ lived experiences, and commit 
to making meaningful change. We channeled this momentum 
throughout the year with complementary programming 
and resources as a conduit for always-on learning, cultural 
competency and community building.
Another way in which we create inclusion is through the Adobe 
for All Cultural Calendar, an employee-driven initiative and on-
demand internal planning resource. The calendar highlights dates 
of cultural and religious significance to our employees as well as 
associated customs so that employees can be informed of ways to 
respect and support each other’s days of significance year-round.
We prioritize allyship through a number of programs available 
to all employees. This includes Building Inclusion, a learning 
experience focused on how we come together to foster belonging 
and inclusive behaviors, as well as Action Circles, our allyship 
program that in 2023 alone saw thousands of employees sign up 
to learn how to become active and effective allies.
18,000+
employees participated in Adobe for All Week in 2023
Building Connections 
We foster an inspiring, inclusive workplace through our eight 
employee networks. Each is instrumental to building community, 
strengthening inclusion and driving progress for underrepresented 
groups. We continue to see significant growth in these 
communities, now with over 300 leaders across sites and more 
than 10,000 members globally. 
300+
employee network leaders
10,000+
members globally
19
© 2024 Adobe. All Rights Reserved.
Adobe for All

Workplace
Supporting Work and Life
Adobe has built a proud legacy of trust and a community 
of belonging by striving to take care of our people, building 
community partnerships and being a thoughtful technology 
leader. However, in a polarized world, this work is nuanced 
and hard. We remain steadfast and continue to evolve. When 
our employees are impacted by social issues and uncertainty 
in the world, we take that seriously and invest time amplifying 
support resources. Over the past year, this has materialized 
in a pilot of programming with employees designed to listen, 
learn and build greater empathy for lived experiences. This 
programming includes information sessions with nonprofit 
partners and Let’s Talk sessions with our Employee Assistance 
Program provider to support well-being and foster community.
We also support our employees in their lives outside work 
through benefits to their health, education and family 
lives. We’ve enhanced our benefits to support the LBGTQ+ 
community, provided expanded women’s health benefits, 
and continued to introduce enhanced parental leave benefits 
around the world. Learn more about our comprehensive 
benefits programs.
20
© 2024 Adobe. All Rights Reserved.
Adobe for All

Ecosystem
We believe that our DEI commitment should be reflected in everything we do. From our brand and products 
to our partnerships and community engagement, DEI is a cornerstone of how we do business. 
In 2023, we advanced our commitment to building more inclusive 
digital products with our cross-disciplinary product equity team 
focused on enhancing how products are built within the company 
and, over time, across the industry. As part of this work, Adobe 
joined the United Nations’ Equity 2030 Alliance, a global effort to 
accelerate gender equity in science, technology and financing, and 
committed to equitable outcomes across our products. We believe 
that when consideration of the full spectrum of humanity informs 
the product development process, innovation is stronger and 
results in greater access to digital products.
We collaborate with organizations such as the CEO Action 
for Diversity & Inclusion, Parity.org, and The Institute for 
Corporate Productivity to drive progress.
Supplier Diversity 
To further scale our reach and impact, we continue to invest in 
our Supplier Diversity Program to ensure that Adobe’s purchasing 
strategy includes businesses certified as majority owned and 
operated by entrepreneurs from underrepresented groups. 
We work with vendors that prioritize DEI and have leveraged 
partnerships with organizations such as the National Minority 
Supplier Development Council, the National Veteran Business 
Development Council, the U.S. Small Business Administration 
HUBZone, the Western Regional Minority Supplier Development 
Council, and the Women’s Business Enterprise National Council.
To strengthen supplier relationships with small businesses (as 
defined by the U.S. Small Business Administration, India’s Micro, 
Small & Medium Enterprises program, and self-identified for 
international businesses), we are committed to improving their 
access to working capital through faster payment terms. In 
2023, we started to offer accelerated invoice payment terms of 
Net-15 days to suppliers that are majority owned and operated 
by entrepreneurs from underrepresented groups and small 
businesses. In 2023, we achieved 106% of our diverse supplier 
spend goal.
Additionally, we made progress on our Reconciliation 
Action Plan (RAP), a blueprint for contributing to impactful 
reconciliation outcomes across Australia and New Zealand 
with Indigenous communities. With guidance from our Global 
Supplier Diversity Program, the RAP Working Group took 
steps to grow our engagement with Indigenous businesses, 
generating a $4.41 AUD social return for every dollar spent.
Illustration by Adobe Creative Residency Community Fund recipient 
Ran Zheng.
21
© 2024 Adobe. All Rights Reserved.
Adobe for All

Ecosystem
Investing in the Next Generation Through 
21st Century Skilling 
Adobe partners with Historically Black 
Colleges and Universities (HBCUs) and 
Hispanic-Serving Institutions (HSIs) to 
offer mentorship and career development 
opportunities to more than 22,000 students 
for jobs in tech and creative industries. 
Through the Adobe Foundation, in 2023 we granted an additional 
$3 million to three HBCUs and HSIs to address educational 
inequities, democratize digital and creative literacy as essential 
21st century skills, and advance diversity in the technology and 
creative fields, bringing our total multiyear grants to these schools 
to $9 million. Beyond financial support, we continue to work with 
faculty and staff at these institutions to provide students with 
access to creative and digital tools, as well as mentoring and career 
development opportunities, such as our Cybersecurity Internship 
program and Student-Athlete Micro Internship program.
22
© 2024 Adobe. All Rights Reserved.
Adobe for All

Equity and Advancement Initiative
In 2022, the Adobe Foundation launched 
the Equity and Advancement Initiative 
(EAI), a new, global approach to nonprofit 
collaboration grounded in the pillars of 
People, Product and Philanthropy. 

EAI is a holistic model of corporate 
philanthropy that draws upon the best of 
Adobe to support nonprofit organizations 
through foundation grants, employee 
giving and volunteering, access to Adobe 
products, and pro bono support.
In 2023, we funded an additional $10 million through the Adobe 
Foundation across the EAI cohort of 11 international and U.S. 
nonprofits to continue to foster racial and social justice worldwide, 
bringing our overall investment to over $30 million. Each of the 
11 organizations is aligned with the priorities of our DEI team and 
Employee Networks, which participated in the selection of the 
nonprofits.
Through our “trust-based philanthropy” model, we provide 
general operating support to empower EAI organizations to make 
critical investments in areas where they can best scale their work 
and make an impact — rather than dictate where grants should 
be allocated. This has equipped EAI nonprofits with stronger 
infrastructure to expand programming in education, workforce and 
community development around the world.
Aside from multiyear general operating grants from the Adobe 
Foundation, Adobe is further engaging with EAI organizations by 
providing access to our products, employee pro bono consulting 
and volunteering, and legislative and advocacy support. After two 
years of virtual meetings, in November 2023 leaders from Adobe 
and the 11 nonprofit organizations came together in person to map 
out opportunities for deeper collaboration and share best practices 
in corporate support for racial and social justice organizations.
Together with the Adobe Foundation, Adobe is making long-term, 
strategic commitments and investments through EAI to provide 
meaningful partnership opportunities, learning experiences for 
employees, and new ways of leveraging Adobe’s unique strengths 
in support of key issues to our company and communities.
“With Adobe’s support, we’ve been able to grow 
our fundraising, develop more content that 
engages Asian and Pacific Islander communities, 
and drive further awareness.” 
—Paul Ocampo, Director of Development, Asian Americans      
    Advancing Justice – Asian Law Caucus
We are proud to work alongside these 
11 inspirational organizations for the EAI.
23
© 2024 Adobe. All Rights Reserved.
Adobe for All

Our Pillars
Technology
to Transform
Adobe is committed to advancing the 
responsible development and use of 
technology for the good of our customers 
and the society at large. Our innovations 
are making a significant impact 
across artificial intelligence (AI) ethics, 
security, privacy, trust and transparency, 
accessibility, and sustainability. 
Right: Illustration by Adobe Creative Residency Community Fund 
recipient Jordan Schiffer.
24
© 2024 Adobe. All Rights Reserved.

AI Ethics
At Adobe, our heritage is built on 
providing trustworthy and innovative 
solutions. As our technology becomes 
more sophisticated, our products and 
features have the potential to impact our 
customers in profound and exciting ways. 
However, we recognize that we also have 
a role and responsibility beyond creating 
the world’s best technology. 
  
Generative AI (gen AI) is fundamentally changing the way we 
think about creativity and productivity. Implemented the right 
way, gen AI can bring precision, power, speed and ease to existing 
workflows — allowing people to focus more on the things that 
matter. Adobe is committed to developing and deploying AI 
innovations thoughtfully and responsibly, in accordance with  
our AI Ethics principles of:  
■ Accountability means that we take ownership over the 
outcomes of our AI-assisted tools. We have processes and 
resources dedicated to receiving and responding to concerns 
about our AI and taking corrective action as appropriate.  
■ Responsibility means that we approach designing and 
maintaining our AI technology with thoughtful evaluation  
and careful consideration of the impact of its deployment.  
■ Transparency means that we are open about and explain  
our AI use to our customers, so they have a clear understanding 
of our AI systems and their application. 
Our AI Ethics principles guide every step of the AI development 
process, even before actual coding begins. In addition, our  
robust and well established AI governance process means that  
our product teams approach the design and development of  
AI with careful and thoughtful consideration of the impact of  
its deployment. 
25
© 2024 Adobe. All Rights Reserved.
Technology to Transform
Illustration by Adobe Creative Residency Community Fund recipient 
Ran Zheng.

AI Ethics
We believe that placing thoughtful safeguards around AI development and use will help realize the full potential of AI to benefit society.
Building Safe, Secure and Trustworthy AI  
As part of our larger commitment to ensuring responsible 
development of AI, we announced in September 2023 our 
support for the White House Voluntary AI Commitments to 
promote safe, secure and trustworthy AI. These commitments 
represent an important step in the ongoing collaboration 
between industry and government as this new technology 
continues to evolve. 
Governance  
Adobe is committed to ensuring that our AI models align with our 
approach to AI Ethics. In 2019, we implemented a comprehensive  
AI program that includes training, testing and review by our AI 
Ethics Review Board, a cross-functional team of Adobe employees 
with diverse professional, gender and racial backgrounds. 
Additional dedicated resources helping us meet our AI Ethics 
commitments include our AI Ethics Committee, which works  
with our development teams to understand and incorporate our  
AI Ethics principles throughout product development.
In addition, Adobe is a contributor to the NIST Risk Management 
Framework, which these commitments build upon, and is a 
member of the Partnership on AI, a nonprofit partnership of 
academic, civil society, industry and media organizations focused 
on creating solutions so that AI advances positive outcomes for 
people and society. 
Security 
As with other Adobe products and features, our AI technology is 
considered the intellectual property (IP) of Adobe and is subject to 
strict security and IP protection measures. 
We leverage our robust security program that incorporates 
security into all phases of the product development life cycle, 
including threat modeling, static code analysis, red teaming, 
internal and external penetration testing, a bug bounty program, 
and a comprehensive incident response program to safeguard 
the security of our intellectual property, and of our products and 
systems, including AI technology and product features. 
We also regularly share with the wider AI community information, 
best practices and learnings from how we test and protect the 
security of our AI technology. 
Illustration by Adobe Creative Residency Community Fund recipient Cé Marina.
26
© 2024 Adobe. All Rights Reserved.
Technology to Transform

AI Ethics
Adobe is committed to advancing provenance tools and solutions to bring more transparency and trust to the digital ecosystem. 
Generative AI makes it easier than ever to create misleading and deceptive content in mere seconds. Especially with more than 
40 elections happening around the world this year, it is critical to give people the information they need to understand where a piece 
of digital content came from and what happened to it along the way, including whether AI was used in the editing or creation process. 
Trust: Content Authenticity  
We co-developed Content Credentials — which is like a digital 
nutrition label for content — showing information such as a 
creator’s name, the date an image was created, any edits that were 
made, and whether AI was used. Adobe has incorporated Content 
Credentials into popular Adobe applications, like Photoshop, 
Lightroom and Firefly, and is working to advance Content Credentials 
as the industry standard for establishing content provenance.
Furthermore, Adobe advocated for the inclusion of provenance 
and AI labeling in policy and legislation such as in the White House 
Executive Order on Safe, Secure and Trustworthy AI, and in the 
European Union’s AI Act, and we recently joined leading technology 
companies in signing the “Tech Accord to Combat Deceptive Use 
of AI in 2024 Elections.” Like so many far-reaching technological 
advances, we believe that AI will require collaboration across 
public and private sectors, innovation not just in technology but 
also in business practices, law and policy, along with a steadfast 
commitment to accountability, responsibility and transparency. 
Creating a trustworthy digital ecosystem requires ongoing 
collaboration across the software industry and with policymakers. 
Established in 2019, Adobe leads the Content Authenticity  
Initiative (CAI), a global, diverse, cross-industry coalition whose  
goal is to combat misinformation and restore trust online  
through provenance. 
CAI now counts more than 3,000 members from across industries 
— including Associated Press, New York Times, Wall Street Journal, 
Microsoft, NVIDIA, Nikon, Leica, Universal Music Group and 
Qualcomm — all united behind the adoption of Content Credentials. 
Content Credentials are built on an open standard developed by the 
Coalition for Content Provenance and Authenticity (C2PA), allowing 
anyone to implement them into their own tools and platforms to 
provide transparency and content provenance. 
As part of the larger initiative, we set out to train and equip all our 
Community of Practice grantees, a cohort of nonprofit partners 
using Adobe technology to scale solutions to address specific and 
current societal issues globally, with CAI technology to increase 
transparency and trust online, while driving thought leadership in 
AI transparency. In 2023, as part of this initiative, we activated and 
educated a diverse and experienced community of documentary 
photographers, videographers, journalists and students in 100+ 
countries globally on Content Credentials in Photoshop and Lightroom. 
27
© 2024 Adobe. All Rights Reserved.
Technology to Transform

Accessibility
Accessibility is essential to delivering on our DEI mission of greater inclusion and support for users with diverse needs. With more than 
1 billion people with disabilities in the world, we are committed to removing barriers to people’s ability to fully engage in the digital world. 
Adobe Accessibility Principles 
We believe everyone should be able to create, interact and engage 
with digital experiences. Our Accessibility Principles serve as 
guideposts as we build thoughtful and inclusive technology that 
makes a difference in people’s lives. 
■ Partnership: We co-create with the community of people with 
disabilities to enable everyone to fully engage in the art, culture 
and commerce of modern life.  
■ Transparency: We are open about Adobe’s accessibility 
philosophy, goals and progress. We bring our customers into 
the journey and work with our community to design and 
implement technology that respects our customers. 
 
■ Innovation: We invent new inclusive technologies and 
collaborate with communities dedicated to digital equity to 
deliver outstanding experiences. 
Our Focus Areas in Accessibility 
■ Usability: We are focused on removing barriers to enable 
transformative change. We’ve incorporated hundreds of 
accessibility capabilities into our tools, including Speech to Text 
in Premiere Pro, Text to Image generation in Adobe Firefly, 
and the PDF Accessibility Auto-Tag API in Acrobat. These 
features help increase inclusion so people with disabilities can 
experience these tools with power, precision and ease of use.  
■ Employee Support: The Access at Adobe employee network 
is focused on supporting and advocating for employees and 
their family members with disabilities, advancing disability 
inclusion and raising awareness of the realities that people with 
disabilities, injuries, and illnesses face at work.  
■ Innovation: We believe that when done right, technology can 
amplify human creativity— so the human creator remains at 
the core of everything we do. Digital tools can make it possible 
for people of all skill levels to generate creative content and 
unlock their imaginations. We strive to ensure that these 
innovations are being built with everyone in mind.
TIME recognized Adobe Liquid Mode 
as one of The Best Inventions of 2023, 
which is one way Adobe is making 
PDFs accessible for all. 
28
© 2024 Adobe. All Rights Reserved.
Technology to Transform

Our Pillars
Sustainability 
at Scale 
Adobe practices sustainability in 
every area of our business — from 
our products and operations to our 
advocacy and partnerships. In 2023, 
we increased our public ambition to 
further drive sustainable practices 
across all parts of our business. 
Right: Illustration by Adobe Creative Residency Community 
Fund recipient Marjorie Limbonhai-Ong.
29
© 2024 Adobe. All Rights Reserved.

Our Commitments
We’ve made a commitment to achieve net zero by 2050, underpinned by our existing 
targets focused on the environmental impacts most material to our business:   
renewable electricity 
by 2025 100%
global waste diversion 
rate annually  
90%
80%
of Adobe offices, by square footage, 
are within LEED or equivalent green 
building-certified spaces  
25%
reduction in global water usage per 
full-time employee by 2025 (from 
FY 2019 baseline) 
Science-based targets aligned with the 1.5°C scenario: 
55%
supplier spend directed to those 
with science-based targets by 2025 
reduction in Scope 1 and 2 
emissions by 2025 
(from FY 2018 baseline) 
35%
reduction in business
travel emissions by 2025 
(from FY 2018 baseline) 
30%
We’ve already achieved our 2025 targets for reduction in 
Scope 1, Scope 2 and business travel emissions and are 
continuing to focus on renewable energy across our global 
portfolio of offices and data centers. 
30
© 2024 Adobe. All Rights Reserved.
Sustainability at Scale
Courtesy of Gensler | Jason O'Rear Photography. 

Products 			 
Our commitment to sustainability starts 
with our products, which help customers 
operate more efficiently while reducing their 
environmental impacts. Innovations like 
cloud-based software delivery, paperless 
workflows and virtual collaboration all help 
reduce physical waste and cut emissions 
from transportation and shipping.  
We have an opportunity to scale our sustainability efforts 
and impact by innovating the way we design and deliver 
our products. This requires a holistic consideration of the full 
computing ecosystem. Sustainably running our tools does not 
mean looking at our software and hardware separately but 
instead understanding how they work together and rightsizing 
them together to consume the least amount of energy.   
Our product development teams have implemented strategies to 
enhance efficiency across operations, including:    
■
Utilizing low-energy chips and employing storage devices
with intelligent data tiering to minimize idle storage resources
■
Optimizing processing workloads to consume the least
amount of energy by considering server locations and
workload timing so that they draw the smallest possible
carbon load
■
Making it a priority to store and cache the minimum
amount of data on our physical infrastructure via efficient
coding languages
Illustration by Adobe Creative Residency Community Fund recipient 
Alejandro Solórzano, aka JansArts.
31
© 2024 Adobe. All Rights Reserved.
Sustainability at Scale

Products
Gen AI
In 2023, we launched Adobe Firefly, our family of creative gen AI 
models, which became one of the most successful beta launches 
in our history. We recognize that training and using gen AI products 
require a significant amount of energy and actively sought new 
ways to deliver this technology responsibly by investing in code 
optimization, minimizing redundant steps, avoiding unnecessary 
content generation, and implementing efficient scheduling and 
batching strategies. These developments are just the beginning 
of our journey to decrease the environmental footprint of gen AI, 
and we will continue to focus on energy efficiency and emissions 
reduction as an integral part of future AI innovations. 
Image generated using Adobe Firefly.
Adobe Substance 3D 
Adobe’s 3D design and immersive media innovations enable 
global brands like HUGO BOSS to advance their sustainability 
goals. For HUGO BOSS suppliers and vendors, teams can review 
designs digitally, bypassing the need to create and ship samples 
back and forth. And any changes that need to be made for 
colors, fabric and shapes can also be done online. 3D cuts down 
on content production as well, avoiding scenarios where teams 
must travel to different locations around the world to photograph 
new collections. Based on estimates from our Substance 3D 
sustainability calculator, using 3D rendering can help customers 
reduce their carbon footprint by an average of 98% compared to 
traditional photoshoots while also saving time and money.  
 
Building upon this work, in 2023 Adobe went further and 
estimated the potential environmental, time and cost savings 
between virtual prototyping in Substance 3D applications and 
physical prototyping for five consumer good products. Following 
the general life cycle assessment methodology, the results 
indicate that significant emissions reduction potential exists for 
all five products when using Substance 3D — achieving a GHG 
emissions reduction of 83% to 90% depending on the product. 
Customer Spotlight: Mizuno 
Mizuno, known for its quality sports equipment and sportwear, 
evolved its shoe design process by adding Adobe Substance 3D 
Collection to its 3D design workflow. By exploring shoe designs 
directly in 3D, Mizuno was able to achieve fast and sustainable 
virtual samples and reduce the number of physical samples 
created. This is eliminating waste and decreasing the brand’s 
carbon footprint, helping Mizuno reach its sustainability goal of 
becoming carbon neutral by 2050. 
32
© 2024 Adobe. All Rights Reserved.
Sustainability at Scale

Operations
Operational sustainability is a hallmark of Adobe, inspiring us to design and build sustainable, innovative and 
healthy workspaces for our employees while both reducing operational costs and increasing productivity.  
Energy
Although we’ve made significant progress toward our operational 
sustainability goals, we know we can — and must — do more. We 
are continuing to invest in additive renewable energy projects and 
formalizing and refreshing annual energy efficiency plans for our 
largest sites with energy conservation measures and new project 
opportunities. Our Hillsboro, Oregon, data center began receiving 
energy from Oregon’s largest solar farm Pachwáywit Fields in 
April 2023 and is expected to receive 23,000 MWh of renewable 
energy annually. As of November 2023, our new Bangalore office 
began receiving solar energy from Atria Power’s Hiriyur solar farm, 
supplying green power for 96% of the site’s energy demand. 
96%
of the Bangalore office's energy 
demand is met with green power 
as of November 2023
At the start of 2023, we welcomed employees into our new LEED 
Gold-certified Founders Tower in San José and a new Bangalore 
facility that is WELL Health-Safety rated, both of which were built 
with renewable energy use at the forefront. Sixty-six percent of 
Adobe’s operational electricity demand is met with renewable 
electricity, and we are on track to meet our 100% renewable 
electricity goal across our operations by 2025. 
 
Additionally, we’ve worked to maximize business travel efficiencies. 
We met our goal in 2021, but have experienced increased year-
over-year emissions since 2022 as normal business operations have 
resumed post-COVID 19 pandemic. We are continuing to provide 
new opportunities to our employees that drive more sustainable 
behavior, including: 
■ Displaying and reporting on carbon emissions in the 
booking process and post travel for manager visibility  
■ Promoting rail travel as an alternative to air in relevant markets 
■ Offering electric vehicles within policy when renting a car 
33
© 2024 Adobe. All Rights Reserved.
Sustainability at Scale

Operations
Setting the Standard for Waste and Water 
Management: Adobe’s Bangalore Site
Two thousand employees call Adobe’s Bangalore office tower 
home. Opened in 2023, the new facility was built on a foundation 
of sustainability, aimed at reducing its environmental impact.  
 
Specifically, the Bangalore tower is setting the standard for 
Adobe’s global waste management best practices. The facility is 
equipped with a biogas plant, which converts waste such as food 
scraps, kitchen waste, and garden waste into biogas, which is 
used as fuel in the building’s kitchen.  
 
The facility also minimizes potable water usage and maximizes 
recycling with advanced, onsite water treatment. For example, 
rainwater is captured and treated in a 180-cubic-meter tank 
before being recirculated into the building for use in bathrooms, 
sinks and gardening. Additionally, an onsite sewage treatment 
plant, equipped with advanced membrane technology, treats 
wastewater and enables its reuse for flushing, landscaping and 
HVAC. Through these projects, we aim to reduce potable water 
use by more than 50 percent from the calculated baseline design 
fixture performance requirements established by the Energy 
Policy Act of 2005. 
100% All-Electric, 100% Renewable Electricity: 
Adobe Founders Tower 
The Adobe Founders Tower, which opened in early 2023, is one of 
our new LEED Gold-certified buildings at our San Jose headquarter 
campus. With sustainability and well-being as foundational design 
principles, the opening of the Founders Tower represented a major 
step forward in Adobe’s goal to reduce overall carbon emissions. 
The decision to build the Founders Tower gave us the opportunity 
to boldly invest in the future by designing the first all-electric 
building of its scale in Silicon Valley, powered by 100% solar 
and wind energy. This includes running our food operations in a 
50,000-square-foot kitchen space complete with induction cooking 
technology and an electric pizza oven — making it the largest all-
electric commercial kitchen in North America. 
 
Based on the first year of site data, the building is operating at 
approximately 35 Kilobtus of energy and four gallons of water 
per square foot, per year, which is about a 50% improvement 
compared to an average office.  
50%
improvement in Adobe Founders 
Tower energy and water usage 
per square foot, per year,  
compared to an average office
“Embracing the all-electric kitchen combines 
sustainability, innovation and culinary mastery. 
Through the use of electricity, our chefs can craft 
and execute amazing dishes while reducing the 
environmental impact, ushering in a new era of 
responsible, thoughtful and creative cooking. 
The sooner the world embraces electric cooking 
and its numerous advantages, the quicker we 
all can advance toward the future. Fortunately, 
at Adobe, the future is already here.” 
—Dylyn Coolidge, Sr. Executive Chef at the Adobe San Jose Campus
Image courtesy of Sprig Electric.
34
© 2024 Adobe. All Rights Reserved.
Sustainability at Scale

Policy Advocacy and Partnerships 
When it comes to sustainability, no single organization can go at it alone. We work with 
our industry peers and business partners to use our collective voices to affect change. One 
such partnership is our work with the Clean Energy Buyers Association (CEBA) and Ceres to 
support public policy that advances climate and clean energy measures. 
Examples of our collaboration include:    
  
■ Calling for Climate-Related Disclosures in California 
Adobe sent a letter in partnership with Ceres urging California 
lawmakers to finalize first-in-the-nation legislation that would 
require companies to provide standardized and consistent 
climate-related disclosures.   
■ Regional Market Development 
Adobe joined an energy customer sign-on statement 
organized by CEBA to encourage regional market 
development, in the form of a regional transmission 
organization in the West (i.e., Arizona, California, Colorado, 
Idaho, Montana, Nevada, New Mexico, Oregon, Utah, 
Washington and Wyoming). 
 
We are also encouraging our suppliers to set science-based climate 
targets and improve the transparency and accuracy of disclosures 
at critical phases of our engagement lifecycle, including as part of 
the onboarding process, Adobe Business Partner Code of Conduct 
review and ongoing risk evaluation. 
Working with our largest public cloud provider, we successfully 
completed a pilot project to migrate Adobe AdCloud to new 
ARM processors. As a result, we’ve realized cost savings including 
a 14% decrease in overall compute consumption and reduced 
carbon emissions by 41%. Seeing the benefits, we are migrating 
more of our product portfolio to the new processor in the coming 
fiscal year. 

Our FY24 target is to migrate 24% of our eligible compute running 
hours to ARM-based processors, which on average have 50% to 
60% less power consumption in comparison to X86 processors. 
We are on track to hit our goal averaging around 12% year to date. 
Our forecast in terms of impact is anywhere between 6% and 10% 
reduction in overall public cloud emissions. 
6-10%
forecasted reduction in overall 
public cloud emissions
14%
41%
reduced carbon emissions
decrease in overall compute 
consumption
35
© 2024 Adobe. All Rights Reserved.
Sustainability at Scale

Living Our Purpose
Employee Impact
At Adobe, people are our greatest asset. 
Our employees across 28 countries bring 
our mission to life, working together to 
create change in the communities where 
we live and work through employee 
matching grants, nonprofit board service, 
pro bono work, volunteerism and 
humanitarian response efforts. 
6 million dollarsM
directed by our employees 
through ECF in CY2023
13.5 million dollarsM
in employee donations and 
matching grants for 5.7K+ 
charitable organizations 
around the world through 
Season of Change
Adobe Employee Community Fund
The Adobe Employee Community Fund (ECF) is one way we give 
back to the communities where we live and work. Our employees 
invite eligible nonprofits to apply for ECF grants, and employee-
led grant review panels based in our largest office communities 
determine which local organizations best align with Adobe’s 
own philanthropic priorities. In CY2023, our employees directed $6 
million through ECF across North America; Europe, Middle 
East and Africa; India; and Japan and Asia Pacific. 
Giving and Employee Engagement: Season of Change  
To further our community impact, we host an annual end-of-
year employee matching campaign called Season of Change. In 
2023, we more than doubled our $5 million goal and achieved our 
biggest-ever result, raising $13.5 million in employee donations 
and matching grants for 5.7K+ charitable organizations around 
the world in just one month. The success of Season of Change 
2023 capped off a remarkable year of employee-driven 
philanthropy at Adobe.  
36
© 2024 Adobe. All Rights Reserved.

Hometown Commitment, Hometown Impact   
In March 2023, Adobe expanded our presence and commitment to San Jose, California. 
We opened our new Founders Tower in downtown San Jose and evolved our Hometown 
Commitment to continue driving positive change in the communities where we live and work. 
Our Hometown Commitment is a holistic approach to supporting 
local nonprofit organizations through employee engagement, 
volunteerism, product donations and advocacy along with financial 
commitments from the Adobe Foundation. 
We are starting with San Jose, the long-time home of Adobe. The 
Foundation granted $3.8 million in total in support of 11 nonprofit 
organizations in San Jose that share in our commitment to solving 
critical local issues, revitalizing the community, and ensuring 
robust arts and cultural institutions. By focusing on organizations 
addressing the immediate community needs such as homelessness 
and food insecurity, while also supporting infrastructure, we believe 
we can drive the greatest impact and build a stronger future 
together.  
 
The commitment supports the San Jose Downtown Association, 
HomeFirst, The Kelsey, Second Harvest of Silicon Valley, The Tech 
Interactive, Cinequest, Local Color SJ, San Jose Museum of Art, 
Children’s Discovery Museum, Guadalupe River Park Conservancy, 
and the City of San Jose Blue Zones Project Readiness Assessment. 
 
Looking ahead, we plan to commit an additional $2 million to 
our cohort of San Jose grantees with a focus on continuing our 
support of the existing partnerships. We also intend to expand 
these commitments to our international hometowns in London 
and Maidenhead, United Kingdom, and Noida and Bangalore, India, 
where we’ll continue to support our local community through our 
people, products and philanthropy.   
3.8 million dollars plusM3.8 million dollars plus
granted by the Adobe 
Foundation to support 11 
nonprofit organizations 
in San Jose
2 million dollarsM
in additional planned 
commitments to our cohort 
of San Jose grantees
Founders Tower
Founders Tower, a state-of-the art building, is home to our global 
headquarters and a physical manifestation of both our Hometown 
Commitment and what we believe the future of the workplace 
will be. The Tower adds capacity for 4,000 more employees to our 
San Jose headquarters campus, designed specifically to be a place 
for people to come together for moments that matter to build 
connections, foster community and create the future.
Image courtesy of Dominique Graves.
37
© 2024 Adobe. All Rights Reserved.
Living Our Purpose

Hometown Commitment, Hometown Impact 
Developed in a partnership between 
Adobe Design and Adobe Corporate 
Social Responsibility, Design Workshops 
for Good provide nonprofit organizations 
with a crash course in how to apply design 
processes to real-world problems. 
Design Workshops for Good With the  
San Jose Downtown Association   
Developed in a partnership between Adobe Design and Adobe 
Corporate Social Responsibility, Design Workshops for Good 
provide nonprofit organizations with a crash course in how to apply 
design processes to real-world problems. The workshops, one 
of the ways our team gets involved in pro bono work, are led by 
Adobe Design facilitators who teach and promote design thinking 
for product ideas, business solutions and social causes by applying 
design problem-solving to a specific challenge. In November 2023, 
Adobe brought to life its partnership with San Jose Downtown 
Association (SJDA) through a Design Workshop for Good. We asked 
six teams led by Adobe Design experts to apply their unique design 
skills and knowledge to answer the prompt: “How do we create a 
more cohesive and connected San Jose community?”   
 
Over the course of three days, Adobe volunteers and SJDA staff 
collaborated and attended panel discussions and design-thinking 
workshops. Each team developed and presented actionable and 
unique proposals to SJDA, which is now exploring how to execute 
several of these concepts, including ways to make city information 
and events easier to access and initiatives to better support new 
and existing small businesses in San Jose. Looking ahead, Adobe 
will continue to execute Design Workshops for Good in partnership 
with one to two philanthropic partners per year.  
“Our journey has been an inspiring one, and I can’t 
wait to put the deliverables and outcomes from 
our design thinking process to good use. Together, 
we are on a mission to create a more cohesive and 
connected Downtown San Jose.”  
—Juan Carlos Aguirre, Community Engagement Manager,  
    San Jose Downtown Association 
  
38
© 2024 Adobe. All Rights Reserved.
Living Our Purpose

Adobe Corporate Social Responsibility
Governance and Oversight
Adobe’s mission to change the world through personalized digital experiences is more critical than ever as digital continues to rapidly transform 
work, life and play. Our executive leadership and board of directors are engaged in every step of this journey. 
We leverage our governance structure to coordinate and advance 
our corporate social responsibility (CSR) efforts across all areas 
of our business. Our Governance and Sustainability Committee 
has primary oversight responsibility for CSR, and our Executive 
Compensation Committee oversees human capital management. 
Our leadership provides regular updates to the board and its 
committees on various material topics, including DEI, climate 
action, AI and necessary disclosures, compliance requirements, 
and risks. In addition, our ESG Committee, a global cross-functional 
leadership group, ensures companywide coordination on present 
and emerging environmental, social and governance issues. Our 
Sustainability Leadership Council, a cross-functional group of 
individuals overseen by an executive council, reviews and guides 
strategies and proposes action plans and performance objectives 
related to our companywide sustainability efforts. 
 
Accountability 
We hold ourselves accountable for progress against our 
commitments and goals. When needed, Adobe brings in outside 
experts to review our CSR practices and give us candid feedback 
on how we can do better and create greater impact. Further, 
our corporate governance framework ensures Adobe’s board of 
directors has the ability to review and evaluate our CSR practices 
and, when necessary, make decisions independent of management. 
Materiality 
We use a materiality assessment process to ensure that our 
strategies, programs and reporting all focus on the issues that 
matter most to our stakeholders and deliver the greatest social 
and environmental impact to our communities. In late 2023, 
we initiated our first double materiality assessment process in 
preparation for compliance with the European Union Corporate 
Sustainability Reporting Directive. 
 
39
© 2024 Adobe. All Rights Reserved.
Doing the Right Thing 
At Adobe, good business begins with doing right by all our 
constituencies and holding ourselves to the highest ethical 
standards. Adobe’s Code of Business Conduct outlines the 
principles that guide our interactions with employees, customers, 
partners, stockholders and communities. In simple terms, our 
Code reflects our promise always to do the right thing. It is a key 
reason we are among the world’s most admired companies, and 
it is vital to our ongoing success. 
 
Our Code of Business Conduct and our Code of Ethics can be 
found on the Ethics and Integrity section of our website. 
 
 

About this Report
We are committed to providing an annual account of our 
performance on CSR issues. Unless otherwise noted, all information 
conveyed in this report, published April 30, 2024, covers Adobe’s 
Fiscal Year 2023, from Dec. 3, 2022, to Dec. 1, 2023. All financial 
information is disclosed in U.S. dollars unless otherwise noted.
Along with additional materials on the Corporate Responsibility, 
Sustainability, Investor Relations and Diversity and Inclusion 
sections of our website, this report provides an overview of the 
priority areas where Adobe, its employees and its partners are 
making meaningful, positive impacts on society.
Many of our priorities, outcomes and impacts — and thereby our 
process for communicating them — are greatly informed by the 
established frameworks used to evaluate company performance 
across social, environmental and governance practices. Our 
disclosures are shaped by the Sustainability Accounting Standards 
Board (SASB), Global Reporting Initiative (GRI), CDP and Task Force 
on Climate-Related Financial Disclosures (TCFD).
This report represents our impacts, progress and results as they 
relate to social and environmental responsibility. We present 
performance data throughout, and we are committed to the 
continued improvement, accuracy and sophistication of our  
CSR information. To this end, Adobe’s CSR function collaborates 
across the company to collect, organize and validate the data  
used in this report.
CSR Report Disclaimer and Forward-Looking 
Statements
The report does not cover all information about our business. 
References in this report to information should not be 
construed as a characterization regarding the materiality of 
such information to our financial results or for purposes of U.S. 
federal securities laws and regulations. Although certain matters 
discussed in this report may be significant, any significance 
should not be read as necessarily rising to the level of materiality 
used for the purposes of complying with U.S. federal securities 
laws and regulations. 
The information covered by this report contains “forward-looking 
statements” within the meaning of applicable securities laws, 
including statements regarding our plans, initiatives, projections, 
goals, commitments and strategies, and related business and 
stakeholder impacts. Each of the forward-looking statements 
we make in this report involves risks and uncertainties and 
assumptions based on information available to us as of the 
date of this report. Such risks and uncertainties, many of 
which relate to matters beyond our control, could cause actual 
results to differ materially and adversely from these forward-
looking statements. Factors that might cause or contribute to 
such differences include, but are not limited to: assumptions 
not being realized; global sociodemographic and economic 
trends; changing laws and regulations; evolving sustainability 
strategies; scientific or technological developments; climate-related 
conditions and weather events; our ability to gather and verify 
data regarding impacts; the compliance of third parties with our 
policies and procedures; our expansion into new products, services, 
technologies and geographic regions; and other changes in 
circumstances, as well as the factors set forth in the “Risk Factors” 
section of Adobe’s most recently filed Annual Report on Form 10-K 
and Quarterly Reports on Form 10-Q. The risks described in this 
report and in Adobe’s filings with the U.S. Securities and Exchange 
Commission should be carefully reviewed. Adobe assumes no 
obligation to, and does not currently intend to, update these 
forward-looking statements. Undue reliance should not be placed 
on the forward-looking statements made in this report.
Moreover, many of the assumptions, standards, metrics and 
measurements used in preparing this report continue to evolve and 
are based on assumptions believed to be reasonable at the time 
of preparation but should not be considered guarantees. Given the 
inherent uncertainty of the estimates, assumptions and timelines 
contained in this report, we may not be able to anticipate whether 
or the degree to which we will be able to meet our plans, targets or 
goals in advance.
We welcome your questions, comments and feedback at 
createchange@adobe.com.
40
© 2024 Adobe. All Rights Reserved.
Adobe Corporate Social Responsibility

Key ESG
Performance 
Indicators

Governance 
Reference Indices 
Key Performance Indicator 
2023 
GRI General Disclosures 2-1 
Name of organization 
Adobe Inc. 
GRI General Disclosures 2-1 
Location of organization's headquarters 
San Jose, California 
GRI General Disclosures 2-1 
Restated Certificate of Incorporation 
Restated Certification of Incorporation 
GRI General Disclosures 2-3 
Reporting period 
December 3, 2022 to December 1, 2023 
GRI General Disclosures 2-3 
Reporting frequency 
Annual 
GRI General Disclosures 2-3 
Reporting contact point 
createchange@adobe.com 
GRI General Disclosures 2-6 
Primary brands, products, & services 
Digital Media. We provide products, services and solutions that enable individuals, teams, businesses and enterprises to create, publish and promote their content anywhere, and accelerate their 
productivity by transforming how they view, share, engage with and collaborate on documents and content creation. Our Digital Media segment is centered around Adobe Creative Cloud and 
Adobe Document Cloud, which include Adobe Express, Adobe Firefly, Photoshop, Illustrator, Lightroom, Premiere Pro, Acrobat, Acrobat Sign and many more products, offering a variety of tools 
for creative professionals (like photographers, video editors and game developers), communicators and other consumers. This is the core of what we have delivered to customers and users for 
decades, and we have continually evolved and expanded our Digital Media business model to provide our customers and users with a range of flexible solutions to help them reach their full 
creative potential. 
Digital Experience. We provide an integrated platform and set of products, services and solutions through Adobe Experience Cloud that enable businesses to create, manage, execute, measure, 
monetize and optimize customer experiences spanning from analytics to commerce. Our customers include marketers, advertisers, agencies, publishers, merchandisers, merchants, web analysts, 
data scientists, developers and executives across the C-suite. The foundation of our offering is Adobe Experience Platform, which provides businesses and brands with an open and extensible 
system for customer experience management that transforms customer data into robust customer profiles that update in real time and uses insights to deliver personalized digital experiences 
across various channels. 
Reference Indices 
Key Performance Indicator 
2023 
2022 
2021 
GRI General Disclosures 2-6 
Total revenue (dollars in millions) 
$19,409 
$17,606 
$15,785 
% of total revenue 
Americas 
60% 
58% 
57% 
EMEA 
25% 
26% 
27% 
APAC 
15% 
16% 
16% 
Net income (dollars in millions) 
$5,428 
$4,756 
$4,822 
% effective tax rate 
20% 
21% 
15% 
Significant acquisitions 
None 
None 
Frame.io, Workfront 
42 
Key ESG Performance Indicators 
© 2024 Adobe. All Rights Reserved. 

Governance
Reference Indices 
Key Performance Indicator
2023
2022
2021
Taxation
GRI 102-15
Evaluation of risks of taxation on future company value creation
Tax Risk Assessment
GRI General Disclosures 2-27
Approach to Tax - Tax Policy
Adobe Tax Policy
Transparent and ethical business practices
GRI Disclosure 2-9
Governance structure and composition
2024 Proxy Statement
GRI 102-22
# of executive and non-executive members of the board of directors
12
12
12
GRI 102-22
% independent board members
92%
91%
91%
GRI 102-23
Separate CEO and chair roles
No
No
No 
% female board members
33%
33%
33%
GRI General Disclosures 2-11
Chair of the highest governance body
2024 Proxy Statement
GRI General Disclosures 2-12
Role of the highest governance body in overseeing the management of impacts
2024 Proxy Statement
Independent audit committee
2024 Proxy Statement
Independent compensation committee
2024 Proxy Statement
Independent nominating and governance committee
2024 Proxy Statement
Shareholder engagement procedures
2024 Proxy Statement
GRI General Disclosures 2-14
Role of highest governance body in sustainability reporting
2024 Proxy Statement
GRI General Disclosures 2-19
Board remuneration disclosure
2024 Proxy Statement
GRI General Disclosures 2-19
External reporting of compensation of senior executives
2024 Proxy Statement
GRI General Disclosures 2-20
CEO compensation linked to total shareholder return (TSR) or similar
2024 Proxy Statement
GRI General Disclosures 2-20
Shareholders have right to vote on the remuneration of executives
2024 Proxy Statement
% average overall attendance of board meetings
2024 Proxy Statement
Audit, audit related and non-audited related fees paid
2024 Proxy Statement
43
Key ESG Performance Indicators
© 2024 Adobe. All Rights Reserved. 

Governance
Reference Indices 
Key Performance Indicator
2023
2022
2021
Transparent and ethical business practices
GRI General Disclosures 2-20
Executive stock ownership guidelines promotes long-term performance perspective
2024 Proxy Statement
Clawback policy
2024 Proxy Statement
GRI General Disclosures 2-23
Policy commitments
Ethics and Integrity
GRI General Disclosures 2-24
Embedding policy commitments
Ethics and Integrity
Statement on company's main risk factors
Form 10-K for FY2023
GRI General Disclosures 
2-29, 3-1, 3-2, 3-3
Adobe Materiality Assessment
Adobe Materiality Assessment
Transparent and ethical business practices: anti-corruption and antitrust compliance
GRI General Disclosures 2-22
Antitrust policy
Adobe Code of Business Conduct
GRI General Disclosures 2-22
Measures taken to ensure antitrust compliance
Adobe Integrity
GRI General Disclosures 2-26
Whistleblower programs
Adobe Code of Business Conduct
3rd party anti-corruption risk assessment procedures
Global Anti-Corruption Policy
Policy to address corruption in high risk areas
Global Anti-Corruption Policy
SASB TC-SI-520a.1
Amount of legal and regulatory fines and settlements 
associated with anti-competitive practices 
In FY23, we had zero legal or regulatory 
fines and settlements associated with anti-
competitive practices that required disclosure 
in our public SEC filings.
In FY22, we had zero legal or regulatory 
fines and settlements associated with anti-
competitive practices that required disclosure 
in our public SEC filings.
In FY21, we had zero legal or regulatory 
fines and settlements associated with anti-
competitive practices that required disclosure 
in our public SEC filings.
44
Key ESG Performance Indicators
© 2024 Adobe. All Rights Reserved. 

Governance
Reference Indices 
Key Performance Indicator
2023
2022
2021
Data security, privacy, and managing systemic risks from technology disruptions
SASB TC-SI-220a.1
Product security, privacy and availability
Adobe Trust Center
SASB TC-SI-220a.1
Privacy policy
Privacy Policy
SASB TC-SI-220a.2
How Adobe handles customer information
Privacy Policy
SASB TC-SI-220a.3
Amount of legal and regulatory fines and settlements associated with customer privacy
In FY23, we had zero monetary losses as a result 
of legal proceedings associated with user privacy 
that required disclosure in our public SEC filings.
In FY22, we had zero monetary losses as a result 
of legal proceedings associated with user privacy 
that required disclosure in our public SEC filings.
In FY21, we had zero monetary losses as a result 
of legal proceedings associated with user privacy 
that required disclosure in our public SEC filings.
SASB TC-SI-220a.4
Law enforcement requests
Law Enforcement Requests
SASB TC-SI-220a.5
Government-required monitoring
Government Requests Transparency Report
SASB TC-SI-230a.1
Number of data security breaches
In FY23, we had zero data security breaches that 
required disclosure in our public SEC filings.
In FY22, we had zero data security breaches that 
required disclosure in our public SEC filings.
In FY21, we had zero data security breaches that 
required disclosure in our public SEC filings.
SASB TC-SI-230a.2
Approach to managing data security risks
Adobe Data Security
SASB TC-SI-550a.1
Status of Adobe products and performance
status.adobe.com
SASB TC-SI-550a.2
Business continuity risks related to disruption of operations
Item 1A (Risk Factors) in Adobe's Form 10-K
Public policy transparency
Political involvement policy
Adobe Public Policy and Government Relations Policy
Total financial contributions to political parties, politicians, and PACs
$0
$0
$0
GRI 415-1
Lobbying and political expenses
$2.24M
$2.04M
$2.13M
GRI General Disclosures 2-28
Membership of associations
Association memberships
Policy advocacy highlights
Priority public policy areas
45
Key ESG Performance Indicators
© 2024 Adobe. All Rights Reserved. 

Governance
Reference Indices 
Key Performance Indicator
2023
2022
2021
Responsible supply chain
% relevant suppliers required to comply with the Responsible Business Alliance (RBA)
100%
100%
100%
RBA validation audits of turn-key suppliers
None required
None required
None required
GRI General Disclosures 2-25
% significant suppliers that have undergone human rights screenings
100%
100%
100%
GRI General Disclosures 2-25
# incidents related to freedom of association
0
0
0
GRI General Disclosures 2-25
# Incidents related to child labor
0
0
0
GRI General Disclosures 2-25
# Incidents related to forced labor
0
0
0
GRI General Disclosures 2-23
Supply chain implementation standards
Business Partner Code of Conduct
GRI General Disclosures 2-23
Scope of social supplier standards
Business Partner Code of Conduct
GRI General Disclosures 2-23
Supply chain monitoring practices
Supplier due diligence
GRI General Disclosures 2-23
Global human rights policy
Global Human Rights Policy
GRI General Disclosures 2-23
Human rights criteria in selection of suppliers
Business Partner Code of Conduct
GRI General Disclosures 2-26
Tool to report human rights violations
Adobe Ethics and Integrity
GRI 412-3
% suppliers by procurement spend that have agreements and contracts that 
include human rights clauses or that underwent human rights screening
100%
100%
100%
46
Key ESG Performance Indicators
© 2024 Adobe. All Rights Reserved. 

Social
Reference Indices 
Key Performance Indicator
2023
2022
2021
Employees
GRI Disclosure 2-7
Employees
Adobe for All
GRI 102-7
Global employees (assigned + unassigned + remote)
29,945
29,239
25,988 
SASB TC-SI-330a.1
% employees in U.S.
50%
51%
52%
SASB TC-SI-330a.1
% employees outside U.S.
50%
49%
48%
Employee diversity, equity and inclusion1
GRI General Disclosures 2-27
Anti-Discrimination Policy
Adobe Code of Business Conduct
GRI 405-1
Diversity of governance bodies and employees
2024 Proxy Statement
Diversity, equity and inclusion
Adobe Diversity and Inclusion
GRI 405-1, SASB TC-SI-330a.3
% female employees
35.3%
34.6%
33.8%
GRI 405-1, SASB TC-SI-330a.3
% male employees
64.1%
64.7%
65.5%
Race and Ethnicity – U.S. Only
GRI 405-1, SASB TC-SI-330a.3
% U.S. employee base, URM2
11.6%
11.7%
10.9%
GRI 405-1, SASB TC-SI-330a.3
% White
51.4%
52.5%
55.4%
GRI 405-1, SASB TC-SI-330a.3
% Asian
31.8%
30.7%
29.2%
GRI 405-1, SASB TC-SI-330a.3
% Hispanic/Latinx
5.6%
5.6%
5.2%
GRI 405-1, SASB TC-SI-330a.3
% Black/African American
3.0%
3.1%
2.8%
GRI 405-1, SASB TC-SI-330a.3
% Native Hawaiian/Pacific Islander
0.2%
0.2%
0.3%
GRI 405-1, SASB TC-SI-330a.3
% Native American/Alaska Native
0.2%
0.2%
0.2%
GRI 405-1, SASB TC-SI-330a.3
% two or more races
2.5%
2.6%
2.5%
GRI 405-1, SASB TC-SI-330a.3
% undisclosed
5.2%
5.1%
4.5%
1	  Percentages may not add up to 100 due to employees who have not self-identified their gender and/or race and ethnicity data, and also due to rounding.   
2	  URM are those employees in the U.S. who identify as Black/African American, Hispanic/Latinx, Native American, Pacific Islander and/or two or more races.
47
Key ESG Performance Indicators
© 2024 Adobe. All Rights Reserved. 

Social
Reference Indices 
Key Performance Indicator
2023
2022
2021
Employee diversity, equity and inclusion1
Race and Ethnicity by Gender – U.S. Only
GRI 405-1, SASB TC-SI-330a.3
% White, female
35.7%
35.3%
34.1%
GRI 405-1, SASB TC-SI-330a.3
% Asian, female
43.1%
42.8%
41.9%
GRI 405-1, SASB TC-SI-330a.3
% Hispanic/Latinx, female
46.0%
46.5%
45.6%
GRI 405-1, SASB TC-SI-330a.3
% Black/African American, female
40.3%
40.8%
36.2%
GRI 405-1, SASB TC-SI-330a.3
% Native American/Alaska Native, female
45.8%
46.4%
43.5%
GRI 405-1, SASB TC-SI-330a.3
% Native Hawaiian/Pacific Islander, female
38.2%
40.0%
38.5%
GRI 405-1, SASB TC-SI-330a.3
% two or more races, women
46.7%
45.2%
44.7%
Gender by Race and Ethnicity – U.S. Only
Female
GRI 405-1, SASB TC-SI-330a.3
% female, White
47.2%
48.1%
50.7%
GRI 405-1, SASB TC-SI-330a.3
% female, Asian
35.3%
34.1%
32.8%
GRI 405-1, SASB TC-SI-330a.3
% female, Hispanic/Latinx
6.7%
6.8%
6.3%
GRI 405-1, SASB TC-SI-330a.3
% female, Black/African American
3.1%
3.3%
2.7%
GRI 405-1, SASB TC-SI-330a.3
% female, Native American/Alaska Native
0.2%
0.2%
<1%
GRI 405-1, SASB TC-SI-330a.3
% female, Native Hawaiian/Pacific Islander
0.2%
0.2%
<1%
GRI 405-1, SASB TC-SI-330a.3
% female, two or more races
3.0%
3.0%
2.9%
GRI 405-1, SASB TC-SI-330a.3
% female, undisclosed
4.3%
4.3%
<5%
1	 Percentages may not add up to 100 due to employees who have not self-identified their gender and/or race and ethnicity data, and also due to rounding.   
48
Key ESG Performance Indicators
© 2024 Adobe. All Rights Reserved. 

Social
Reference Indices 
Key Performance Indicator
2023
2022
2021
Employee diversity, equity and inclusion1
Gender by Race and Ethnicity – U.S. Only
Male
GRI 405-1, SASB TC-SI-330a.3
% male, White
54.7%
55.8%
58.7%
GRI 405-1, SASB TC-SI-330a.3
% male, Asian
29.9%
28.8%
27.2%
GRI 405-1, SASB TC-SI-330a.3
% male, Hispanic/Latinx
5.0%
4.9%
4.5%
GRI 405-1, SASB TC-SI-330a.3
% male, Black/African American
3.0%
3.0%
2.8%
GRI 405-1, SASB TC-SI-330a.3
% male, Native American/Alaska Native
0.1%
0.2%
<1%
GRI 405-1, SASB TC-SI-330a.3
% male, Native Hawaiian/Pacific Islander
0.2%
0.2%
<1%
GRI 405-1, SASB TC-SI-330a.3
% male, two or more races
2.2%
2.3%
2.2%
GRI 405-1, SASB TC-SI-330a.3
% male, undisclosed
4.8%
4.9%
<5%
Gender by Job Category
GRI 405-1, SASB TC-SI-330a.3
% female leadership2
29.0%
27.7%
25.4%
GRI 405-1, SASB TC-SI-330a.3
% male leadership
70.8%
72.1%
74.5%
GRI 405-1, SASB TC-SI-330a.3
% female people managers3
34.2%
32.9%
31.1%
GRI 405-1, SASB TC-SI-330a.3
% male people managers
65.5%
66.7%
68.6%
GRI 405-1, SASB TC-SI-330a.3
% female individual contributor
36.0%
35.4%
34.9%
GRI 405-1, SASB TC-SI-330a.3
% male individual contributor
63.4%
63.8%
64.4%
GRI 405-1, SASB TC-SI-330a.3
% females in tech roles4
27.6%
26.9%
26.2%
GRI 405-1, SASB TC-SI-330a.3
% males in tech roles
71.8%
72.4%
73.3%
1	 Percentages may not add up to 100 due to employees who have not self-identified their gender and/or race and ethnicity data, and also due to rounding.   
2	 Starting in FY2022, the definition for “Leadership” was updated to include employees who are director-level and above. Prior to that, “Leadership” was defined as employees who are director-level and above with at least one full-time employee direct report. 
The updated definition has been applied to FY2021 – FY2022 metrics and resulted in a decrease of some historical metrics by <3% due to the larger data set.   
3	 In FY2023, the definitions of “People Manager” and “Individual Contributor” were updated to reflect strictly the "Manager” and “Individual Contributor” management levels, respectively. In the past, these were defined using a combination of management level and the number/type 
of direct reports. Using the new definitions, together the Individual Contributor, People Manager, and Leadership groups capture the total Adobe population. The updated definitions have been applied to FY2021-FY2022 metrics and resulted in a delta of ≤.5%.
4	 Technical occupations in computing and information technology are those that require deep technical specialization and knowledge, as well as managers, directors and executives who oversee technical employees and the development and delivery of technical products. Source: AnitaB.org. 
49
Key ESG Performance Indicators
© 2024 Adobe. All Rights Reserved. 

Social
Reference Indices 
Key Performance Indicator
2023
2022
2021
Employee diversity, equity and inclusion1
URM by Job Category – U.S. Only
GRI 405-1, SASB TC-SI-330a.3
% URM leadership
8.1%
7.6%
6.5%
GRI 405-1, SASB TC-SI-330a.3
% URM people managers
9.2%
9.0%
8.9%
GRI 405-1, SASB TC-SI-330a.3
% URM individual contributor
12.4%
12.7%
11.7%
GRI 405-1, SASB TC-SI-330a.3
% URM tech roles
9.7%
9.7%
9.2%
Human capital management
SASB TC-SI-330a.2
Satisfaction level of employees2
85%
84%
87%
Net employment creation as a % of total employees
2.4%
12.1%
15.3%
% open positions filled by internal candidates
25%
25%
29%
Total attrition rate
7.4%
11.7%
12.0%
Ratio of basic salary and remuneration of women to men3
1:1
1:1
1:1
Unadjusted global median pay for women as a % of the median pay for men3
98.2%
97.1%
97.2%
Unadjusted median pay for URM employees in the U.S. as a % of the median 
pay for non-URM in the U.S.3
85%
86.1%
86.3%
GRI 401-2
Benefits programs
Health & Wellbeing, Financial, Time Off, Work & Life Benefits
GRI 401-2
Education reimbursement program
Adobe Benefits
GRI 201-3
Defined benefit plan obligations and other retirement plans
Adobe Benefits
GRI 404-3
Percentage of employees receiving regular performance and career development reviews
Adobe Check-in
GRI 403-2
# of employee fatalities resulting from operational accidents per 100,000
0
0
0
GRI 403-2
# of contractor fatalities resulting from operational accidents per 100,000
0
0
0
GRI 403-3
Occupational health services
Ergonomics Program: Employees can email ergonomics@adobe.com or submit an ergonomic request through our internal network.
GRI 403-6
Promotion of worker health
Adobe Benefits
1	 Percentages may not add up to 100 due to employees who have not self-identified their gender and/or race and ethnicity data, and also due to rounding.   
2	 The satisfaction metric is based on ratings from an employee survey for the statement ʻOverall, I am satisfied with my experience at Adobeʼ.
3	 Unadjusted median pay and pay parity results are as of October 2, 2023.
50
Key ESG Performance Indicators
© 2024 Adobe. All Rights Reserved. 

Social
Reference Indices 
Key Performance Indicator
2023
2022
2021
Human capital management
GRI 403-7
Prevention and mitigation of occupational health and safety
For health and safety concerns employees can email safety@adobe.com or contact the Global Security Operations Center 24/7 
at +1 (408) 536-4444 (ext. 6-4444); +1 (800) 866-8006; +1 (408) 536-4443 (international/collect) or email security@adobe.com.
GRI 403-9, 403-10
# of injuries and illnesses per 200,000 hours worked
0.04
0.3
0.03
GRI 416
# of incidents of non-compliance (health & safety of products, incidents 
resulting in a fine or penalty, incidents resulting in a warning)
0
0
0
GRI General Disclosures 2-26
Adobe Help Line (confidential means of reporting internal & external concerns, 
escalation, whistleblowing mechanisms, and hotline)
Adobe Help Line: Employees can call 6-HELP and email ERC@adobe.com, and internal and external 
stakeholders can email the Compliance Office at integrity@adobe.com or call +1 (800) 300-1026. 
Enabling inclusive opportunity
GRI 203-2
Digital inclusion initiatives
Adobe Creative Campus
Scholarships, grants and career development opportunities
Adobe Creativity Scholarships
Digital literacy
Adobe Digital Literacy
Accessibility
Adobe Accessibility
Accessibility standard used by Adobe
WCAG 2.1 AA
Readability
Adobe Readability
Inclusive design
Inclusive Design
Community engagement1
GRI 413-1
Operations with local community engagement, impact assessments, and development programs
Adobe Nonprofit Resource Guide
GRI 201-1
Total community investment (cash & in-kind)
$115.2M
$113.8M
$95.5M
Company match of employee financial contributions and volunteer hours
$22.0M
$16.6M
$15.5M
Product donation (FMV)
$68.8M
$63.5M
$46.6M
Value of talent contributions through pro bono projects
$1,281,585
$413,550 
$1,414,350 
Employee participation percentage
49%2
70%
69%
Number of hours volunteered
201,404
150,239
127,865
Organizations served
83,457
89,110
67,715
1	 All data for community engagement represents efforts over the calendar year.
2	 The decrease in 2023 employee participation compared to the previous two years is a result of strategic programmatic shifts in the Employee Community Fund voting, which typically counts towards the employee participation indicator.
51
Key ESG Performance Indicators
© 2024 Adobe. All Rights Reserved. 

Environmental
Reference Indices 
Key Performance Indicator
2023
2022
2021
Climate change and GHG emissions
CDP Score
A-
A
A- 
GRI 305-1
Scope 1 GHG emissions (tonnes CO2e)
7,649 
6,568
4,911
Scope 1 GHG emissions from combustion of natural gas and diesel (tonnes CO2e)
5,274 
4,815
3,469
GRI 305-6
Scope 1 GHG emissions from ozone-depleting substances (tonnes CO2e)
378 
427
299
Scope 1 GHG emissions from mobile sources (tonnes CO2e)
1,997 
1,326
1,143
GRI 3-3
Verification status of reported Scope 1 emissions
Third party verified
Third party verified
Third party verified
GRI 305-2
Scope 2 GHG emissions, location-based (tonnes CO2e)
62,662 
57,168
61,220
Scope 2 GHG emissions, market-based (tonnes CO2e)
22,950 
22,936
31,341
GRI 3-3
Verification status of reported Scope 2 emissions
Third party verified
Third party verified
Third party verified
GRI 305-3
Scope 3 GHG emissions (tonnes CO2e)
612,099 
463,438
424,343
Category 1 GHG emissions, purchased goods & services (tonnes CO2e)
511,376 
405,645
396,221
Category 2 GHG emissions, capital goods (tonnes CO2e)
47,112 
26,084
18,340
Category 3 GHG emissions, FERA (tonnes CO2e)
5,470 
6,227
7,323
Category 4 GHG emissions, upstream transportation & distribution (tonnes CO2e)
559 
66
6
Category 6 GHG emissions, business travel (tonnes CO2e)
38,141 
19,704
1,187
Category 7 GHG emissions, employee commuting (tonnes CO2e)
9,441 
5,711
1,267
GRI 3-3
Verification status of reported Scope 3 emissions
Third party verified
Third party verified
Third party verified
GRI 305-5
Reduction of GHG emissions (tonnes CO2e)
5,494
95 
416
GRI 305-4
Normalized carbon intensity (tonnes CO2e (Scope 1+2 market-based)/FTE)
1 
1
1.4
GRI 305-7
Nitrogen oxides (NOX), sulfur oxides (SOX), and other significant air emissions
0
0
0
52
Key ESG Performance Indicators
© 2024 Adobe. All Rights Reserved. 

Environmental
Reference Indices 
Key Performance Indicator
2023
2022
2021
Renewables and energy efficiency1
GRI 302-1
Total energy consumption (MWh)
230,711 
213,408
240,344
SASB TC-SI-130a.1
Total energy consumption (GJ)2
830,559 
768,269
865,238
SASB TC-SI-130a.1
% of total energy consumption that is grid electricity
84%
84%
92%
SASB TC-SI-130a.1
% of total energy consumption that is renewable energy
56%
53%
55%
SASB TC-SI-130a.1
% of total energy consumption that is renewable electricity
66%
62%
59%
Global grid electricity purchased and consumed (MWh)
194,481 
180,011
221,568
% electricity purchased and consumed from managed colocated data centers
22%
25%
44%
Global fuel purchased and consumed (diesel, liquefied petroleum gas, jet fuel, 
gasoline and natural gas) (MWh)
36,047 
32,786
23,472
GRI 302-3
Energy intensity (MWh/FTE)
7.7
7.3
9.2
Sustainable workplaces and practices
Total space worldwide (Sq. Ft.)
5,387,228
4,614,038
4,648,814
% LEED/ green-certified buildings (owned and leased)
87%
85%
81%
% employees in LEED/green-certified workspaces
69%
61%
66%
% of total owned and managed
69%
56%
53%
% of total leased
31%
44%
47%
% of total in U.S.
63%
62%
63%
% of total in India
22%
22%
21%
% of total in rest of world
15%
17%
16%
Adobe workspace total energy use (does not include managed Colo energy) (MWh)
107,331 
96,772
78,661
GRI 302-3
Energy use intensity of Adobe workspaces (kWh/Square Foot)
19.9
21.0
16.9
1	 Due to ongoing process improvement and data validation, we have made minor edits to our previous years' energy, water, and waste data.
2	 Our largest colocated data center provider changed their reporting methodology for electricity consumption in FY2022. The provider transitioned from an estimate-based approach to metered consumption, which was applied for FY2022-FY2023 data.
53
Key ESG Performance Indicators
© 2024 Adobe. All Rights Reserved. 

Environmental
Reference Indices 
Key Performance Indicator
2023
2022
2021
Data centers1
Scope 2 location-based GHG emissions from Adobe owned data center 
in Hillsboro, OR (metric tonnes CO2e)
20,342 
18,651
17,601
Scope 2 market-based GHG emissions from Adobe owned data center 
in Hillsboro, OR (metric tonnes CO2e)
13,871
10,920
16,838
Electricity purchased and consumed from Adobe owned data center in 
Hillsboro, OR (MWh)
70,244 
64,395
64,266
Scope 2 location-based GHG emissions from colocated data centers 
(metric tonnes CO2e)
12,341 
12,775
23,415
Scope 2 market-based GHG emissions from managed colocated data centers 
(metric tonnes CO2e)
5,629 
5,903
5,642
Electricity purchased and consumed from colocated data centers (MWh)
43,028 
45,766
97,495
SASB TC-SI-130a.3
Discussion of the integration of environmental considerations into strategic 
planning for data center needs
Data Center Management
Sustainable supply chain
Supply chain standards
Business Partner Code of Conduct
Water use and management1
GRI 303-3, SASB TC-SI-130a.2
Total water withdrawn – U.S. & India owned and/or managed facilities (Cubic Meters)
318,834 
264,682
203,958
% of water recycled and reused
8%
7%
3%
SASB TC-SI-130a.2
% of water consumed in regions with high or extremely high baseline water stress
30%; 
High Risk is 21%, 
Extremely High Risk is 9% 
28%;
High Risk is 24%, 
Extremely High Risk is 4%
15%; 
High Risk is 13%, 
Extremely High Risk is 2%
Water intensity (Cubic Meters/FTE)
10.6
9.1
7.8
1	 Due to ongoing process improvement and data validation, we have made minor edits to our previous years' energy, water, and waste data.
54
Key ESG Performance Indicators
© 2024 Adobe. All Rights Reserved. 

Environmental
Reference Indices 
Key Performance Indicator
2023
2022
2021
Waste management1
GRI-306-1
Waste generation and significant waste-related impacts
As Adobe produces digital products that do not contribute to the physical waste stream, waste metrics reported here 
represent our operational waste from Adobe-owned buildings and buildings where we hold a long-term lease. 
GRI 306-2
Waste Diversion Rate (% of total)
82%
88%
91%
GRI 306-3
Total waste generated (metric tons)
1,607 
1,992
1,189
Total waste diverted from global owned and/or managed facilities (metric tons)
1,316 
1,761
1,082
        Total waste recycled (metric tons)
471 
864
566
        Total waste composted (metric tons)
845 
896
517
Total waste landfilled (metric tons)
291 
231
106
Environmental fines, penalties and settlements
GRI 307-1
Environmental fines, penalties and settlements
$0
$0 
$0 
1	 Due to ongoing process improvement and data validation, we have made minor edits to our previous years' energy, water, and waste data.
55
Key ESG Performance Indicators
© 2024 Adobe. All Rights Reserved. 

© 2024 Adobe. All rights reserved.
Adobe, the Adobe logo, Acrobat, the Adobe PDF logo, Adobe Premiere, After Effects, Audition, Behance, Creative 
Cloud, the Creative Cloud logo, Dreamweaver, Illustrator, InCopy, InDesign, Lightroom, Photoshop and Prelude are 
either registered trademarks or trademarks of Adobe in the United States and/ or other countries.

