UNITED STATES 
SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION 
Washington, D.C. 20549
SCHEDULE 14A
Proxy Statement Pursuant to Section 14(a) of the 
Securities Exchange Act of 1934 (Amendment No.   ) 
☑ Filed by the Registrant
☐ Filed by a Party other than the Registrant
CHECK THE APPROPRIATE BOX:
☐Preliminary Proxy Statement
☐Confidential, For Use of the Commission Only (as permitted by Rule 14a-6(e)(2))
☑Definitive Proxy Statement
☐Definitive Additional Materials
☐Soliciting Material Under Rule 14a-12
 
Baxter International Inc.
(Name of Registrant as Specified In Its Charter) 
(Name of Person(s) Filing Proxy Statement, if Other Than the Registrant) 
PAYMENT OF FILING FEE (CHECK THE APPROPRIATE BOX):
☑No fee required.
☐Fee paid previously with preliminary materials:
☐Fee computed on table in exhibit required by Item 25(b) per Exchange Act Rules 14a-6(i)(1) and 0-11

Notice of 2025
Annual Meeting 
of Stockholders
and Proxy Statement 
May 6, 2025 
Baxter International Inc. 
Headquarters 
One Baxter Parkway 
Deerfield, Illinois 60015 

Baxter International Inc.
One Baxter Parkway
Deerfield, Illinois 60015
March 25, 2025
Dear Stockholder:
It is my pleasure to invite you to attend Baxter’s Annual Meeting of Stockholders on Tuesday, 
May 6, 2025, at 9 a.m. Central Time. The attached Notice of 2025 Annual Meeting of 
Stockholders and Proxy Statement will serve as your guide to the business being conducted. 
A New Chapter Begins: Baxter has reached a pivotal moment in its journey to redefine and 
reposition itself for a new era. On January 31, 2025, we completed the sale of our Kidney Care 
business, now known as Vantive, to Carlyle for approximately $3.4 billion of net, after-tax 
proceeds. This represented the final stage of a strategic transformation announced in January 
2023 to enhance operational effectiveness, accelerate innovation for patients and drive value 
for stockholders. Additional transformative actions announced at that time included the 
implementation of a new segment-based, verticalized operating model and the divestiture of 
Baxter's non-core BioPharma Solutions (BPS) business, both completed in 2023.
Baxter emerges today as a more strategically focused and operationally efficient company. We 
also remain grounded in the same fundamentals that have helped fuel our success and 
channel our passions for nearly a century – starting, as always, with our Mission to Save and 
Sustain Lives. Our sustained emphasis on medically essential products and the diversity of our 
portfolio also supports durability of demand and help us navigate challenges that may affect 
sectors of our portfolio at any given time.
Growing Momentum: Our momentum is demonstrated in our positive companywide financial 
performance for continuing operations (excluding our former Kidney Care and BioPharma 
Solutions businesses) for full-year 2024 across sales and earnings.
It is also evident in recent innovation that showcases our life-sustaining Mission in action. Last 
year marked the U.S. launch of our leading-edge Novum IQ large-volume infusion pump with 
Dose IQ safety software, highlighting our expanding impact in connected care. Among other 
milestones, we announced ten injectable pharmaceutical product launches in the U.S. helping 
to address critical patient needs across a range of key therapeutical areas, including critical 
care, anti-infectives, pain and oncology.
We intend to continue to build upon this progress as a newly streamlined and agile enterprise. 
We are united across the company in our re-envisioned efforts to redefine healthcare delivery, 
advance customer-inspired innovation and accelerate profitable growth – all to benefit patients, 
caregivers, stockholders and the full range of stakeholders that rely on us. To achieve and 
ideally exceed our aspirations, we must now move swiftly, execute crisply and deliver 
consistently on our commitments. We are excited by our opportunities in 2025 and beyond.
Leadership Updates: Earlier this year, we announced several leadership changes coinciding 
with our entry into this new phase. José (Joe) E. Almeida departed as Chair, President and 
Chief Executive Officer (CEO), creating an opportunity for a new CEO to set Baxter’s course 
and vision for this next chapter. On behalf of the Board of Directors (Board) and company 
management, we are grateful for Joe’s nine years of leadership through a period of significant 
change in our portfolio, structure and markets. Joe continues to serve in an advisory capacity 
through October 31, 2025.
My own role has also shifted. After joining as a Baxter Board member in May 2022, and having 
served as Lead Independent Director from April 2023 through February 2025, I am now 
honored to serve as Chair and Interim CEO as the Board leads a thorough search for Baxter’s 
permanent CEO.
The company has also appointed Heather Knight to the new role of Executive Vice President 
and Chief Operating Officer (COO). Heather is a proven leader who has driven outstanding 
performance across multiple roles since joining Baxter in 2019. Most recently, she has led the 
profitable growth and enhanced innovation of our Medical Products & Therapies segment, 
Baxter’s largest segment by sales. She is currently serving as the Interim Group President, 
Medical Products & Therapies until her successor is appointed. As COO, she will oversee 
strategies across our commercial segments and closely aligned functions, with a keen focus 
on driving operational excellence and creating a more holistic experience for our customers, 
caregivers and the patients they serve.

North Cove Recovery: A further expression of our momentum, as well as our resilience, is 
how effectively we rise to our challenges; and no challenge in recent memory for Baxter has 
been greater than the impact of Hurricane Helene on our North Cove, North Carolina, 
manufacturing facility. Flooding from the rain and storm surge in September 2024 forced a 
temporary shutdown in site operations, requiring a vast recovery effort. Our North Cove and 
broader Baxter teams, in coordination with government agencies, focused immediately on 
supporting employees in affected communities, bringing the facility back online, and working to 
help ensure ongoing supply continuity for patients. 
By early 2025, North Cove had returned to production at pre-hurricane levels. The pace of 
recovery and dedication of the team have been nothing short of remarkable. I want to express 
my deep gratitude to all involved in this effort, within Baxter and beyond. I also share profound 
thanks with our customers for their patience as our team continues to work diligently to support 
supply continuity and replenish inventory. 
Commitment to Corporate Responsibility: As we evolve our profile as a healthcare leader, 
we remain committed to sound corporate citizenship. Our 2030 Corporate Responsibility 
Commitment, introduced in 2021, underscores our embrace of social responsibility, sustainable 
business practices and operating as an employer of choice through three pillars: Empower our 
Patients; Protect our Planet; and Champion our People and Communities. 
Our progress against our goals is published annually in our Corporate Responsibility Report, 
which is available on www.baxter.com. Just as Baxter and its communities are ever changing, 
we periodically reassess our objectives to ensure alignment with our broader trajectory and 
opportunities. We expect to refresh our commitment and goals sometime in the future following 
the appointment of a new permanent CEO.
Annual Meeting Details: Baxter’s upcoming Annual Meeting will be held again in a virtual 
format only. Please review the information on attendance provided in the attached Notice of 
2025 Annual Meeting of Stockholders and Proxy Statement.
Details of the business to be conducted at the Annual Meeting are included in the proxy 
statement, which we encourage you to read carefully.
Your vote is important to us, and I urge you to vote your shares as promptly as possible. You 
may vote your shares by Internet or by phone. If you received a paper copy of the proxy card 
by mail, you may sign, date and return the proxy card in the accompanying envelope. 
Stockholders of record will also be able to vote at the Annual Meeting.
You will be able to submit questions in advance of and during the Annual Meeting.
In closing, I am proud to recognize our engaged, talented and highly motivated team of Baxter 
colleagues worldwide, whose hard work has helped us reach this exciting new chapter in 
pursuit of our life-sustaining mission. 
On behalf of our Board, senior management, and the entire Baxter team, thank you for your 
continued confidence and support. We look forward to your participation in the annual meeting.
Sincerely yours,
Brent Shafer
Chair and Interim CEO

Baxter International Inc.
One Baxter Parkway
Deerfield, Illinois 60015
March 25, 2025
Dear Stockholder:
On behalf of the Board of Directors, I would like to thank you for your continued investment in 
Baxter and for your ongoing support. It is my distinct privilege to write to you about recent 
developments at Baxter in my new role as Lead Independent Director, having been appointed 
earlier this year following my service on the Board since 2021. I look forward to continuing my 
work alongside a skilled Board of Directors and under the guidance of Brent Shafer, our 
recently announced Chair and Interim CEO. 
The company made meaningful progress in completing key elements of its broad strategic 
transformation announced in January 2023, which included implementing a simplified 
operating model, divesting the BPS business and completing the separation of Vantive. 
Further, in 2024, the Board remained committed to sound and effective corporate governance 
practices and transparent disclosure, including regarding Board refreshment, leadership 
succession planning, and Baxter’s robust stockholder engagement program.  
I would like to highlight some recent key developments and focus areas at Baxter: 
•
Effective Oversight of Leadership Succession Planning: Oversight of Baxter’s 
ongoing leadership succession efforts remains a top priority for the Board. In 
February 2025, Baxter announced that Joe Almeida ceased serving in his executive 
roles and on the Board. I would like to thank Joe for his leadership throughout his 
nine years as CEO of Baxter. In connection with Joe's departure, the Board formed 
a CEO Search Working Group to help lead the search for the permanent CEO in 
partnership with the Nominating, Corporate Governance and Public Policy 
Committee.
The Board's effective management development and succession planning process 
has also led to the election of Heather Knight as COO. The Board believes that this 
new role will ultimately promote more efficient operations across the company.
•
Ongoing Commitment to Board Evolution and Engagement: The Board is 
composed of an experienced group of independent directors with a wide range of 
skills, experiences and qualifications. As part of our thoughtful approach to Board 
composition, in 2024, we appointed Jeffrey (Jay) Craig, retired Chief Executive 
Officer and President of Meritor, Inc., to the Board. Jay complements the Board's 
expertise with deep financial, broad operational and public company board 
experience. Jay was also appointed as Chair of the Audit Committee, effective 
December 31, 2024, in connection with the resignation of Peter Wilver from the 
Board. I would like to thank Peter for his service on the Board and for his 
commitment to Baxter. Our comprehensive Board refreshment practices are critical 
to the Board’s success and help to ensure an appropriate balance of fresh 
perspectives while maintaining critical institutional knowledge. 
Additionally, we refreshed Board committee oversight in 2024 and 2025 by moving 
oversight of innovation strategy and cybersecurity generally from the Quality and 
Regulatory Compliance and Audit Committees, respectively, to the full Board, 
consistent with the recent implementation of Baxter's new operating model. We also 
updated the Company's Corporate Governance Guidelines and each standing 
committee's charter in furtherance of Baxter's commitment to strong governance 
and transparency. 
In further continuance of our sound corporate governance practices, in 2024 and 
early 2025, Baxter continued its long-standing stockholder engagement program. 
These conversations with our stockholders focused on our leadership transition and 
CEO search process, corporate governance, executive compensation and corporate 
responsibility matters. As a result of stockholder engagement over the years, the 
Board is better able to understand stockholder perspectives and incorporate them 
into its decision-making process.

•
Diligent Board Oversight of Company Strategy: I remain fully confident in the 
company’s strategy, our highly skilled and experienced Board and the Baxter 
management team’s ability to deliver on a strong path of creating long-term 
stockholder value and delivering on its Mission to Save and Sustain Lives. The 
Board plays a critical role in overseeing the strategic direction of the company, 
including the recently completed strategic initiatives, and helps to ensure that 
Baxter’s corporate culture supports and aligns with its short- and long-term 
strategies.
To further the Board’s oversight of Baxter’s strategic transformation and as part of 
our leadership transition announced in February 2025, the Board formed a new 
Operating Committee. The committee is designed to be short-term in nature to help 
support Baxter through this transition process and it is scheduled to dissolve six 
months following the Board’s appointment of a permanent CEO.
Thank you in advance for your support at the 2025 Annual Meeting of Stockholders, which will 
be held on May 6, 2025. On behalf of the Board, we look forward to continuing our progress in 
the year ahead and remain confident in the strength of our leadership team to lead Baxter into 
our next chapter. 
Best regards, 
Nancy Schlichting                                                                                                                    
Lead Independent Director and                                                                                              
Chair of the Compensation and Human Capital Committee

Table of Contents
Table of Contents
i
Notice of 2025 Annual Meeting
of Stockholders and Proxy Statement
1
Proxy Statement Highlights
3
Corporate Governance at
Baxter International Inc.
13
Proposal 1 Election of Directors
13
Nominees for Election as Directors
14
Board of Directors
19
Other Corporate Governance Information
22
Board Responsibilities
23
Board Structure and Processes
25
Committees of the Board
27
Director Compensation
31
Corporate Responsibility
34
Proposal 2 Advisory Vote to Approve 
Named Executive Officer Compensation for 
2024
37
Compensation and Human Capital 
Committee Report
38
Compensation Discussion and Analysis
38
Executive Summary
39
Structure of Executive Compensation 
Program
47
Elements of Executive Compensation
49
Additional Compensation Governance
60
Executive Compensation Tables
63
2024 Summary Compensation Table
63
2024 Grants of Plan-Based Awards
65
Outstanding Equity Awards at 2024 Fiscal
Year-End
66
2024 Option Exercises and Stock Vested
68
2024 Nonqualified Deferred Compensation 
Plan
69
Potential Payments Upon Termination or
Following a Change in Control
70
CEO Pay Ratio
77
Pay Versus Performance Disclosure
78
Option Award Disclosure
83
Proposal 3 Ratification of Appointment of 
Independent Registered Public Accounting 
Firm for 2025
84
Audit Committee Report
86
Audit and Non-Audit Fees
87
Pre-Approval of Audit and Permissible
Non-Audit Fees
87
Ownership of Baxter Stock
88
Security Ownership by Directors and
Executive Officers
88
Security Ownership by Certain Beneficial 
Owners
89
Delinquent Section 16(a) Reports
89
Proposal 4 Executives to Retain Significant 
Stock
90
General Information
94
Questions and Answers about the Annual 
Meeting
94
Other Information
97
Table of Contents
i
investor.baxter.com

Notice of 2025 Annual Meeting of Stockholders and 
Proxy Statement 
The Annual Meeting is scheduled to be held by means of 
a virtual-only format to provide a safe, convenient and 
cost-efficient experience to all stockholders regardless of 
location. The Annual Meeting will take place on Tuesday, 
May 6, 2025 at 9:00 a.m., Central Time. Online access to 
the Annual Meeting will begin at 8:45 a.m., Central Time, 
on the same date. You can attend the Meeting by 
accessing www.virtualshareholdermeeting.com/
BAX2025. 
The Annual Meeting will be held for the following 
purposes: 
How Do I Vote? 
By Internet, following the 
instructions on the Notice of 
Internet Availability of Proxy 
Materials or the proxy card;
By telephone, using the telephone 
number printed on the proxy card; 
or
To elect the ten directors named in the proxy 
statement.
By mail (if you received your proxy 
materials by mail), using the 
enclosed proxy card and return 
envelope.
To approve, on an advisory basis, named executive 
officer compensation for 2024.
To ratify the appointment of 
PricewaterhouseCoopers LLP as the independent 
registered public accounting firm for Baxter 
International Inc. (Baxter or the company) for 2025.
Important Notice Regarding 
the Availability of Proxy Materials for 
the Annual Meeting of Stockholders
To vote on the one stockholder proposal as 
described in the proxy statement, if such proposal 
is properly presented at the Annual Meeting.
The proxy statement relating to the 
Annual Meeting and the 
Annual Report to Stockholders for the year 
ended December 31, 2024 are available at 
http://materials.proxyvote.com/071813
To transact any other business that may properly 
come before the Annual Meeting.
The Board recommends that stockholders vote FOR 
Items 1, 2 and 3. The Board recommends that 
stockholders vote AGAINST the stockholder proposal 
referred to in Item 4. Stockholders of record at the close 
of business on March 13, 2025 will be entitled to vote at 
the Annual Meeting.
By order of the Board,
Ellen K. Bradford
Corporate Secretary
The Annual Meeting will again be held only 
in a virtual format to provide a safe, 
convenient and cost-efficient experience to 
all stockholders regardless of location. As 
always, you are encouraged to vote your 
shares prior to the Annual Meeting whether 
or not you plan to attend the Annual 
Meeting. Details on how to attend the 
Annual Meeting and further information can 
be found at “General Information—Other 
Information—Attending the Annual 
Meeting.” 
Notice of 2025 Annual Meeting of Stockholders and Proxy Statement
1
investor.baxter.com

Proxy Statement 
The accompanying proxy statement is solicited on behalf of the Board for use at the Annual Meeting to be held 
on Tuesday, May 6, 2025. On or about March 25, 2025, Baxter began mailing to stockholders of record a Notice 
of Internet Availability of Proxy Materials providing instructions on how to access proxy materials via the Internet 
and how to vote online (www.proxyvote.com). Stockholders who did not receive the Notice of Internet Availability 
of Proxy Materials as a result of a previous election will receive a paper or electronic copy of the proxy materials, 
which Baxter also began sending on or about March 25, 2025. 
2
Notice of 2025 Annual Meeting of Stockholders and Proxy Statement
| 2025 Annual Meeting of Stockholders and Proxy Statement

Proxy Statement Highlights
To assist you in reviewing the proposals to be acted upon at the Annual Meeting, this section presents summary 
detail about each non-routine voting item. For more complete information, please review the company’s Annual 
Report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2024 (the 2024 Form 10-K) and the complete proxy 
statement. 
 
Election of Directors
What am I voting on?
You will be asked to vote for the election of the ten director nominees set forth 
below for a term of one year.
What is the Board’s recommendation?
The Board recommends a vote FOR the election of each of the director 
nominees.
As demonstrated in the director skills matrix included on page 7, the Board 
believes that the ten directors standing for election possess a desirable mix of 
skills, backgrounds, professional and industry experience and qualifications. 
These directors also reflect the Board’s commitment to regular refreshment, as 
demonstrated by the appointment of Mr. Jeffrey A. Craig in September 2024. 
The Board believes that each director is individually qualified to make unique and 
substantial contributions to the Board, and, collectively, the directors’ diverse and 
complimentary skill sets, viewpoints and perspectives enable the Board to provide 
the company with valuable insight and effective oversight with respect to its 
business, overall performance and strategic direction. Baxter's directors’ unique 
qualifications have also better enabled the Board, as a whole, to effectively consult 
with management on succession planning, including in light of the ongoing CEO 
transition, as well as the company’s strategic and operational plans and capital 
allocation decisions, including with respect to the recent sale of its Kidney Care 
business and the company's disaster recovery efforts at its North Cove facility in 
response to the impacts from Hurricane Helene. See below for additional 
information regarding the qualifications, experiences and backgrounds of the 
directors and recent Board developments.
Where can I find more information?
Concise supporting information is presented below.
See also “Corporate Governance at Baxter International Inc.—Proposal 1
—Election of Directors” for additional information.
Proxy Statement Highlights
3
investor.baxter.com

William A. Ampofo II
Chair, Supply Chain 
Operations Council and Vice 
President, Parts & Distribution 
Services and Supply Chain, 
Boeing Global Services of 
Boeing Company
51
2023
Y
✓
Deep operational expertise and strong 
track record as a supply chain leader
✓
 Significant experience driving 
transformation and enabling strategic 
transactions  at multinational companies
⬛
⬛
Jeffrey A. Craig
Chief Executive Officer and
President of Meritor, Inc. 
(retired)
64
2024
Y
✓
Significant financial expertise, including as 
Chief Financial Officer at Meritor, Inc.
✓
 Meaningful leadership, risk management 
and operational experience
▲
Patricia B. Morrison
Executive Vice President,
Customer Support Services & 
Chief Information Officer, 
Cardinal Health, Inc. (retired)
65
2019
Y
✓
Significant experience in information 
technology (IT) and cybersecurity at global 
healthcare companies
✓
 Meaningful human capital management 
experience
⬛
⬛
⬛
Stephen N. Oesterle, M.D.
Healthcare Industry 
Consultant, former Senior 
Vice President, Medicine and 
Technology, Medtronic plc
74
2017
Y
✓
Significant experience in the medical 
products and healthcare industries 
(including strategic transactions)
✓
 Strong scientific and medical background, 
including as a former practicing cardiologist
 
⬛
▲
Stephen H. Rusckowski.
Chair and Chief Executive 
Officer and President of Quest 
Diagnostics, Inc. (retired)
67
2023
Y
✓
Significant operational experience in the 
healthcare industry
✓
Strong track record as a transformational 
leader, including in the context of large 
scale separation transactions
⬛
⬛
▲
Nancy M. Schlichting
President and Chief Executive 
Officer, Henry Ford Health 
System (retired)
70
2021
Y
✓
 Significant experience in healthcare 
administration in senior-level executive 
roles with health care providers
✓
Meaningful human capital management 
experience
▲
 
⬛
Brent Shafer
Chair and Interim Chief 
Executive Officer of Baxter 
International Inc.
67
2022
N
✓
Significant experience leading global 
organizations, including as Chair and Chief 
Executive Officer of Cerner Corporation
✓
Strong digital health capabilities and 
experience transforming complex 
organizations
Cathy R. Smith
Chief Financial Officer of 
Starbucks Corporation
61
2017
Y
✓
Significant financial expertise and 
corporate leadership experience, including 
in responding to cybersecurity incidents 
and overseeing large strategic transactions
✓
 Meaningful human capital management 
experience
⬛
▲
Amy A. Wendell
Senior Vice President of 
Strategy and Business 
Development,
Covidien (retired)
64
2019
Y
✓
 Extensive experience in business 
development and strategy in the healthcare 
industry, including significant mergers & 
acquisitions and integration experience
⬛
⬛
⬛
David S. Wilkes, M.D.
Former Dean of University of
Virginia School of Medicine,
Chief Scientific Officer and 
Co- Founder, ImmuneWorks, 
Inc.
68
2021
Y
✓
Significant scientific and medical 
experience, including as the co-founder 
and chief scientific officer of a 
biotechnology start-up
✓
Extensive experience leading large, 
complex organizations, including as a 
former dean of a large medical school
 
⬛
⬛
  Name1
  Primary Occupation
Age Director
Since
 Independent
Y/N
 Key Attributes 
and Skills
A
CHC
NCGPP
QRC
O
Key
▲
Committee Chair
A
Audit Committee
QRC
Quality and Regulatory Compliance Committee
⬛
Committee Member
CHC
Compensation and Human Capital Committee
O
Operating Committee
NCGPP
Nominating, Corporate Governance and Public Policy Committee
________________
1. Directors standing for election on May 6, 2025. Committee assignments and ages reflected in this chart speak as of March 
25, 2025.
4
Proxy Statement Highlights
| 2025 Annual Meeting of Stockholders and Proxy Statement

2024 Board and Governance Highlights
 
Governance Practices
 
 
See pages 
19 and 22
• Strong Governance Practices: Baxter remains committed to strong corporate governance practices and 
protecting stockholder rights. As a result, the Board has adopted the following practices and provisions in 
related governance documents, among others:
• Strong Lead Independent Director with robust and clearly defined responsibilities;
• Meaningful director and officer stock ownership requirements;
• Annual director elections;
• Majority voting standard coupled with a resignation policy;
• Nine out of ten directors are independent;
• All Board committee chairs and members are independent;
• Executive sessions of independent directors held at each regularly scheduled Board meeting;
• Mandatory retirement age;
• Regular Board refreshment, including the appointment of five new directors in the last three years;
• No supermajority voting provisions;
• Single class of voting stock;
• Proxy access rights;
• No poison pill in place;
• Stockholders have the right to call special meetings (with a 15% threshold);
• Stockholders have the right to act by written consent;
• Use of independent experts, such as auditors and compensation consultants; and
• Robust director orientation and continuing education programs.
• Focus on Board Refreshment and Oversight Responsibilities: Continued Board focus on refreshment led 
to the appointment of a new Lead Independent Director and changes in Board and committee composition and 
responsibilities in 2024 and 2025, as described below:
• In September 2024, after the retention of an independent search firm and thorough consideration of several 
potential candidates, Jeffrey A. Craig, retired Chief Executive Officer and President of Meritor, Inc., was 
appointed to the Board and the Audit Committee. Mr. Craig was also appointed as chair of the Audit 
Committee, effective December 31, 2024, in connection with the resignation of Peter Wilver from the Board.
• Brent Shafer was appointed as Chair and Interim CEO, effective February 3, 2025, in connection with the 
departure of Joe Almeida, while the Board searches for a permanent CEO with the assistance of a leading 
search firm.
• In February 2025, the Board formed a CEO Search Working Group consisting of independent directors to 
oversee the search for a permanent CEO.
• Nancy Schlichting was appointed to serve as Lead Independent Director in February 2025.
• Refreshed Board committee oversight in 2024 and 2025, including moving oversight of innovation strategy 
and cybersecurity generally from the QRC and Audit Committees, respectively, to the full Board, consistent 
with the implementation of Baxter's new operating model.  
• In 2025, the Board's Operating Committee was formed in connection with the ongoing CEO transition. The 
Operating Committee is scheduled to sunset six months after the appointment of a permanent CEO. 
Stephen Rusckowski was appointed as chair of the Operating Committee.  
• Refreshed the company's Corporate Governance Guidelines and each standing committee's charter in 
furtherance of Baxter's commitment to strong governance and transparency. 
• As of March 13, 2025, average director age was 59.2 years and average director tenure was 3.8 years.
• Board's and Board Committees' Annual Self-Assessment Process: In November 2024, the Board and 
each of its committees conducted an annual self-assessment process in which each independent director 
provided commentary on the performance and effectiveness of the Board and each committee on which he or 
she serves. Outputs from this assessment process informed the Board's and each committee's continuing 
refreshment efforts and changes to committee charters. For more information regarding this annual evaluation 
process, see "Corporate Governance at Baxter International Inc.— Board of Directors— Annual Board and 
Committee Evaluation".
• Stockholder Engagement: Baxter has a robust corporate governance outreach program in place to enable it 
to better understand the perspectives of its stockholders.
• Since the completion of the 2024 annual meeting and through early 2025, as part of the company's annual 
corporate governance outreach program, Baxter has engaged in discussions with stockholders representing 
Proxy Statement Highlights
5
investor.baxter.com

approximately 30% of the company’s outstanding shares (calculated as of December 31, 2024). These 
discussions followed an outreach to top Baxter investors representing over 60% of Baxter’s outstanding 
shares (calculated as of December 31, 2024). 
• Topics discussed with stockholders included company strategy and performance (including the separation of 
the Kidney Care business), the remediation efforts at the North Cove facility, management succession 
planning and other corporate governance matters (including the ongoing CEO search and Board 
composition), Board leadership structure, executive compensation matters (including the 2024 Say on Pay 
vote and the 2024 stockholder proposal) and corporate responsibility initiatives. 
• Responsiveness to Stockholders: Baxter is committed to being responsive to the views of stockholders and 
has worked to reflect stockholders' perspectives in its governance policies, executive compensation program 
and corporate responsibility initiatives. This engagement over the years has resulted in enhancements to 
Baxter's proxy disclosure, including disclosures relating to the ongoing Board refreshment efforts (which most 
recently resulted in the addition of Jeffrey Craig to the Board), management succession planning as well as 
various corporate responsibility related updates. It also informed the Board's position on the stockholder 
proposal to be voted on at the Annual Meeting again this year.  In addition, the company continues to evolve its 
disclosure regarding the performance reviews of the CEO and the other named executive officers (NEOs) and 
how they impacted related incentive payouts and included additional disclosures regarding the factors the CHC 
Committee considers when reviewing executive pay. These responsive actions are a continuation of the 
Board’s strong track record of responsiveness.
• Overboarding: The company's Corporate Governance Guidelines limit the number of public company boards 
on which Baxter directors may serve. Specifically, the Corporate Governance Guidelines provide that no 
director who is employed full time may serve on the boards of directors of more than two public companies 
(including the Board) and no other director may serve on the boards of directors of more than four public 
companies (including the Board). The Board considers the outside commitments of directors in connection with 
the annual nominating process. Any waivers to the overboarding policy (including the one granted in 
connection with the appointment of Mr. Shafer as Interim CEO) must be approved by the NCGPP Committee. 
Changes in director circumstances need to be reviewed and approved by the NCGPP Committee in 
accordance with the Corporate Governance Guidelines. See “Corporate Governance at Baxter International 
Inc.—Board of Directors—Director Overboarding” for additional detail regarding the Baxter’s overboarding 
policy.
6
Proxy Statement Highlights
| 2025 Annual Meeting of Stockholders and Proxy Statement

Board Qualifications, Experiences and Backgrounds 
The matrix included below represents some of the key skills, experiences and backgrounds that the Board has 
identified as particularly valuable to the oversight of the company and illustrates how the current director 
nominees individually and collectively possess these key competencies and backgrounds. The matrix does not 
encompass all of the skills, experience, qualifications and attributes of the director nominees (including additional 
ones that may have been considered by the Board and the NCGPP Committee in this year's director nomination 
process), and no specific weights are assigned to any of the skill sets in the matrix. Additionally, the fact that a 
particular skill, experience, qualification or attribute for a nominee is not listed below does not mean that he or 
she does not possess that particular skill, experience, qualification or attribute. The Board believes that its highly 
qualified director nominees provide the Board with a complementary mix of skills, experience and perspectives 
necessary for effective oversight. 
Skills and Experience
Healthcare Marketing / Delivery
Relevant expertise required to effectively assess Baxter's portfolio management and innovation 
strategies in light of the competitive and dynamic landscape in which Baxter operates
g
g
g
g
g
g
g
Quality, Regulatory and Compliance
Critical skills (including the development and oversight of clinical trials) needed to help Baxter 
launch new products consistent with Baxter's commitment to patient safety and quality 
g
g
g
g
g
Financial Expertise / Risk Management
Critical skills necessary to help promote the company's financial performance and to help maintain 
appropriate internal controls
g
g
g
g
g
g
g
Manufacturing and R&D
Critical knowledge to help oversee Baxter's global manufacturing and research and development 
operations, including in response to global supply chain challenges and evolving macroeconomic 
dynamics
g
g
g
g
g
g
Cyber / IT
Essential expertise to help Baxter pursue digital health opportunities in connection with its 
continuing focus on connected care, consistent with emerging cybersecurity and artificial 
intelligence practices and regulations as well as evolving market demands and privacy regulations
g
g
g
g
M&A / Transactional
Important skills to help Baxter achieve its long term strategies as the company assesses potential 
future portfolio adjustments
g
g
g
g
g
g
g
g
International
International market knowledge and business acumen critical to Baxter's key growth strategies and 
priorities. Approximately 45% of Baxter's 2024 revenues from continuing operations were from 
outside the U.S.
g
g
g
g
g
g
g
Human Capital Management
Essential skills to help oversee the company's talent and leadership development, employee 
compensation and employee engagement efforts
g
g
g
g
g
g
g
Other Sector Leadership
Enables the Board to incorporate best practices from other industries, in response to emerging 
trends or otherwise
g
g
g
g
g
g
g
g
Demographic Information1
Gender
M
M
F
M
M
F
M
F
F
M
Ethnic/Racial Diversity
g
g
LGBTQ+
g
William Ampofo
Jeffrey Craig
Patricia Morrison
Stephen Oesterle
Stephen Rusckowski
Nancy Schlichting
Brent Shafer
Cathy Smith
Amy Wendell
David Wilkes
1. As self-identified by each director nominee. 
Proxy Statement Highlights
7
investor.baxter.com

 
Advisory Vote to Approve Named Executive Officer 
Compensation for 2024
What am I voting on?
You are asked to cast a non-binding advisory vote to approve Baxter’s 2024 
compensation programs as described in the “Executive Compensation—
Compensation Discussion and Analysis” section of the proxy statement.
What is the Board’s recommendation?
The Board recommends a vote FOR this proposal.
The Board and the CHC Committee believe that Baxter’s executive compensation 
programs appropriately align executives’ interests with Baxter’s strategies and 
long-term objectives. See “—Performance Highlights” below for additional 
information regarding 2024 financial and compensation design highlights.
Where can I find more information?
Concise supporting information is presented below.
 
See “Executive Compensation—Proposal 2—Advisory Vote to Approve 
Named Executive Officer Compensation for 2024” for additional 
information.
8
Proxy Statement Highlights
| 2025 Annual Meeting of Stockholders and Proxy Statement

Performance Highlights
Further
Information
 
Financial results for 2024
The company’s publicly reported financial results from continuing operations for 2024 are set 
forth below. Baxter’s performance in 2024 reflects its building momentum as the company 
continued to execute upon the strategic initiatives announced in January 2023.  These amounts 
do not include results for the company’s Kidney Care business, which was sold in January 2025 
and the results of which are reflected in the company’s discontinued operations for 2024.
 
See page 39
Global Net Sales
GAAP Earnings per Share
($0.64)
NM1
$10.6 billion
 3% versus 2023
Adjusted Earnings per Share
$1.89
 11% versus 2023
1. As used in the chart above, NM means not 
meaningful
Operating Cash Flow
$819 million
 32% versus 2023
Free Cash Flow
$373 million
 52% versus 2023
The amounts set forth above represent Baxter’s publicly disclosed results from continuing operations for 2024. 
Adjusted earnings per share (EPS) and free cash flow are non-GAAP financial measures (as defined below). 
Adjusted EPS excludes the impact of special items, net of the related income tax effects. Free cash flow 
represents net cash provided by operating activities less capital expenditures. See Baxter’s Periodic Report on 
Form 8-K dated February 20, 2025 for a reconciliation of these non-GAAP measures to the applicable measure 
calculated in accordance with U.S. Generally Accepted Accounting Principles (GAAP) and for information about 
why management believes that non-GAAP financial measures, when used in conjunction with the results 
presented in accordance with GAAP and the company’s reconciliations to corresponding GAAP financial 
measures, may enhance an investor’s overall understanding of the company’s past financial performance and 
prospects for the future. Non-GAAP financial measures should be considered in addition to, and not as 
substitutes for, information prepared in accordance with GAAP. 
For purposes of calculating performance under the company’s 2024 annual incentive plan, net sales were 
calculated at budgeted exchange rates (as of January 1, 2024) and include net sales from discontinued 
operations for all of 2024. This measure is referred to herein as Adjusted Net Sales Including Discontinued 
Operations and was $15.2 billion for 2024. 
For purposes of calculating performance under the company’s 2024 annual incentive plan, Adjusted EPS 
includes adjusted EPS from discontinued operations for all of 2024, less certain operational adjustments to the 
extent that they were not included in the 2024 adjusted EPS target. This measure is referred to herein as Further 
Adjusted EPS Including Discontinued Operations and was $2.79 for 2024. 
Proxy Statement Highlights
9
investor.baxter.com

For purposes of calculating performance under the company’s 2024 annual incentive plan, free cash flow 
includes free cash flow from discontinued operations for all of 2024, less certain income tax payments that were 
disbursed in the third quarter of 2024 and were included in discontinued operations related to the company's 
BPS business, which was sold in 2023, and certain operational adjustments to the extent that they were not 
included in the 2024 free cash flow target. This measure is referred to herein as Adjusted Free Cash Flow 
Including Discontinued Operations and was $501 million for 2024.  
See “Executive Compensation—Compensation Discussion and Analysis—Elements of Executive Compensation
—Annual Incentive Plan—Determination of 2024 Annual Incentive Plan Payouts” for reconciliations of Adjusted 
Net Sales Including Discontinued Operations, Further Adjusted EPS Including Discontinued Operations and 
Adjusted Free Cash Flow Including Discontinued Operations to the applicable measures calculated in 
accordance with GAAP. 
Compensation Design for 2024 
The table below summarizes Baxter’s consistent compensation design for 2024 and highlights design and 
payouts that are linked to Baxter’s pay-for-performance philosophy. More detail regarding plan design can be 
found in the “Executive Compensation—Compensation Discussion and Analysis” section of the proxy statement. 
10
Proxy Statement Highlights
| 2025 Annual Meeting of Stockholders and Proxy Statement
Salary 
(Cash)
Long-Term 
Incentive 
(Stock)
Annual 
Incentive 
(Cash)
NA
Provides a base level 
of competitive 
compensation to 
attract and retain 
executive talent
Increases to align 
to market only for 
CFO and two other 
NEOs
8%
15%
14%
78% of 
Compensation
2024: 
50% PSUs / 50% 
RSUs
16%
69% of 
Compensation
2024: 
CFO:
50% PSUs/ 50% RSUs
Other NEOs:
100% RSUs
Payouts between 
94% - 113% of 
target, tied to 
business and 
individual 
performance
PSU payout for 
cycle ending in 
2024 for the CEO 
and CFO was 0% 
of target
Used to motivate and 
reward executives for 
company and 
individual 
performance
Used to motivate and 
reward an executive's 
contributions to 
achieving the 
company's long-term 
objectives and 
increasing 
stockholder value
50% 
Adj. Net 
Sales
25% 
Adj. EPS
25%
Free Cash 
Flow
Individual 
Performance 
Assessment 
0%-125%1
RSUs
PSUs2 
100% Relative Total 
Shareholder Return (TSR)
% of Total Target Direct  2024 Compensation
CEO
Other NEOs (Average)
Results
Objective
Metric
1 Applies to members of the Executive Operating Committee (including all NEOs)
2 Applies only to the CEO and Chief Financial Officer (CFO)

Pay-Per-Performance Alignment
Baxter’s short- and long-term incentive plans consist of metrics that the company believes are among the most 
critical to drive sustainable financial performance.  They provide a balance among focusing on organic growth, 
profitability and the financial health of day-to-day operations.
Metric
Rationale
Financial Results 
(as measured for incentive plan purposes and 
including discontinued operations)
Annual Incentive Plan Metrics:
•
Adjusted Net 
Sales
•
Most important metric in the annual incentive 
plan, as it is assigned twice the weight (50%) 
as the other two metrics, emphasizing the 
importance of growing sales as the basis of 
financial stability.  For Messrs. Almeida and 
Grade, Adjusted Net Sales is measured on a 
company-wide basis, while for Ms. Knight 
and Messrs. Sonig and Toth, it is measured 
on a segment basis (Medical Products & 
Therapies, Pharmaceuticals and Kidney 
Care, respectively).
•
Company-Wide Performance: grew 1% 
versus 2023, resulting in funding of 122% of 
target
•
Medical Products & Therapies: grew 6% 
versus 2023, resulting in funding of 115% of 
target
•
Pharmaceuticals: grew 8% versus 2023, 
resulting in funding of 149% of target
•
Kidney Care: grew 4% versus 2023, 
resulting in funding of 183% of target
•
Adjusted EPS
•
Assigned 25% weight in the annual incentive 
plan to recognize the importance of 
profitability as a key investor metric.  For all 
NEOs, Adjusted EPS is measured on a 
company-wide basis.
•
Decreased 4% versus 2023, resulting in 
funding of 86% of target
•
Adjusted Free 
Cash Flow
•
Assigned 25% weight in the annual incentive 
plan to recognize the importance of having 
cash to fund growth and pay financial 
obligations.  For all NEOs, Adjusted Free 
Cash Flow is measured on a company-wide 
basis.
•
Decreased 53% versus 2023, resulting in 
funding of 53% of target
Long-term Incentive Metrics: (each equally weighted, with a three-year performance period, taking into account 
Baxter's long-range plan)1
•
Return on 
Invested Capital 
(ROIC)
•
Recognizes the importance of efficient use of 
invested capital to generate sustainable long-
term value.
•
ROIC during the 2022-2024 performance 
period was 6.5% (below threshold, resulting 
in 0% payout in respect of achievement 
against the ROIC metric) 
•
Net Sales  
Compound 
Annual Growth 
Rate (CAGR) 
•
Recognizes the importance of sales growth 
over a longer period of time to reinforce 
stability and future growth.
•
Net Sales CAGR during the 2022-2024 
performance period was 2.6% (below 
threshold, resulting in 0% payout in respect 
of achievement against the net sales CAGR 
metric)
•
Relative TSR
•
Recognizes the importance of creating 
stockholder value.
•
Relative TSR from the 2022-2024 
performance period was the 6.3rd percent 
rank (below threshold, resulting in 0% payout 
in respect of achievement against the 
relative TSR metric)
1 For PSUs granted in 2024, which were granted solely to the CEO and CFO, relative TSR is the sole metric.
Proxy Statement Highlights
11
investor.baxter.com

 
Executives to Retain Significant Stock
What am I voting on?
If properly presented, you will be asked to vote on a stockholder proposal that 
asks the Board to adopt a policy requiring NEOs to retain a significant percentage 
of stock acquired through equity pay programs until reaching normal retirement 
age (an age of at least 60) and to report to stockholders regarding the policy in the 
company’s next annual proxy statement.
What is the Board’s recommendation?
The Board of Directors recommends a vote AGAINST the stockholder 
proposal.
Where can I find more information?
Concise supporting information is presented below.
See “Stockholder Proposal—Proposal 4—Executives to Retain 
Significant Stock” for additional information.
Items to consider when evaluating this proposal:
•  Baxter’s current stock ownership guidelines already require significant stock retention by executives: 
Baxter’s CEO is required to achieve ownership of Baxter common stock valued at a minimum of six times 
annual base salary within five years of appointment. Each other executive officer is required to achieve 
ownership of Baxter common stock valued at a minimum of four times annual base salary within five years of 
becoming an executive officer.
• The company’s existing stock ownership guidelines are accomplishing their intended purpose: As of 
December 31, 2024, each of the NEOs who is still serving as an executive officer with the company had met 
his or her ownership requirements or, using reasonable assumptions, was on track to achieve his or her stock 
ownership objective within the prescribed time frame.
• The proposal fails to strike a reasonable balance between aligning the interests of stockholders and 
management and motivating desired management behavior: The Board believes that Baxter’s emphasis 
on long-term incentive grants motivates executives to drive the long-term performance of the company and 
aligns their long-term interests with those of stockholders. However, Baxter also recognizes the fact that 
executives need some flexibility to manage their own financial affairs, which may, from time to time, include 
the sale of Baxter stock held as a result of the vesting of these equity grants that exceed the ownership 
guidelines.
• The proposal would put Baxter at a competitive disadvantage for attracting and retaining top 
executive talent and would create an unnecessary administrative burden on Baxter without 
commensurate value to stockholders: Requiring NEOs to hold additional shares until retirement is more 
stringent than current market practice and would be unnecessarily burdensome to the executives, which, as a 
result, may impact Baxter’s ability to attract and retain top executive talent. Further, the NEOs often change 
year-to-year and this proposal may place different stock retention requirements on certain executives every 
year, which would be difficult for Baxter to administer. Instead, the company believes its current robust stock 
ownership requirements, which are consistent with market practice and apply to all of Baxter’s executive and 
corporate officers, provide meaningful stock ownership and retention requirements at a lower administrative 
cost for the company.
• The majority of Baxter’s stockholders voted against a similar proposal last year: Baxter’s stockholders 
considered, and rejected, a similar proposal in 2023 and 2024, with support for the proposal declining year 
over year. This indicates that Baxter’s stockholders remain generally supportive of the Board’s position on this 
proposal and current executive compensation structure.
12
Proxy Statement Highlights
| 2025 Annual Meeting of Stockholders and Proxy Statement

Corporate Governance at Baxter International Inc.
 
 
Election of Directors
The Board has nominated ten director nominees for election for a term of one 
year.
The Board of Directors recommends a vote FOR the election of each of 
the director nominees named below under “–Nominees for Election as 
Directors.”
In uncontested elections, Baxter’s Bylaws require each director to be elected by a majority of the votes cast with 
respect to his or her election; that is, the number of votes cast “for” a director's election must exceed the number 
of votes cast "against" his or her election. Abstentions and broker non-votes are not considered votes cast and 
therefore have no effect on the election of directors. In a contested election (a situation in which the number of 
nominees exceeds the number of directors to be elected), the standard for election of directors will be a plurality 
of the shares represented in person or by proxy and entitled to vote on the election of directors. 
All of the nominees have indicated their willingness to serve if elected, but if any nominee should be unable or 
unwilling to stand for election, proxies may be voted for a substitute nominee designated by the Board. The 
election of directors at the Annual Meeting is an uncontested election, which means each director nominee must 
receive a majority of the votes cast with respect to his or her election in order to be reelected to the Board. 
Unless proxy cards are marked otherwise, the individuals named as proxies intend to vote the shares 
represented by proxy in favor of all of the Board’s nominees. 
Under the company’s Bylaws, any incumbent director who fails to be reelected at the Annual Meeting because he 
or she does not receive the required majority support must offer his or her resignation to the Board. The NCGPP 
Committee will then make a recommendation to the Board on whether to accept or reject the resignation, or 
whether other action should be taken. The Board will consider the NCGPP Committee’s recommendation when 
deciding whether to accept or reject the tendered resignation and publicly disclose its decision and the rationale 
behind it within 90 days from the date that the election results are certified. A director who offers his or her 
resignation may not participate in the Board’s or the NCGPP Committee’s discussions or decision. 
Set forth below under “–Nominees for Election as Directors” is information concerning each of the nominees for 
election. 
Corporate Governance at Baxter International Inc.
13
investor.baxter.com

Nominees for Election as Directors 
 
William A. Ampofo II
Independent Director
Age 51
Director since 2023
Committees: Quality and Regulatory Compliance and 
Operating
Biography
Mr. Ampofo has worked for Boeing Company (Boeing), 
a leading global aerospace company, since 2016 and 
currently serves as Chair, Supply Chain Operations 
Council and Senior Vice President, Parts & 
Distribution Services and Supply Chain function for 
Boeing Global Services. Prior to joining Boeing, he 
spent 22 years at United Technologies Corporation 
(which later merged with Raytheon Company to form 
Raytheon Technologies), a multinational conglomerate 
which researched, developed, and manufactured 
products, including aircraft engines, aerospace 
systems, among other industrial products, working in 
roles of increasing responsibility related to finance, IT, 
corporate strategy and operations. Mr. Ampofo 
currently serves as a member of the board of trustees 
of The Episcopal School of Dallas.
Key Attributes, Experience and Skills
Extensive experience leading global organizations as 
a result of his role as Chair, Supply Chain Operations 
Council and Senior Vice President, Parts & 
Distribution Services and Supply Chain function at 
Boeing and his 22 years of finance, operational, IT 
and corporate strategy experience at United 
Technologies Corporation.
 
Jeffrey A. Craig 
Independent Director
Age 64
Director since 2024
Committees: Audit 
Biography
Mr. Craig is the former Chief Executive Officer and 
President of Meritor, Inc. (Meritor), a global supplier of 
drivetrain, mobility, braking and aftermarket solutions 
for commercial vehicles, a position he held from 2015 
until 2021. Prior to this, from 2014 to 2015, Mr. Craig 
was President and Chief Operating Officer, with 
oversight of Meritor’s business segments - 
Commercial Truck & Industrial and Aftermarket & 
Trailer. Prior to taking on the role of President and 
Chief Operating Officer, Mr. Craig was Senior Vice 
President and President of Meritor’s Commercial 
Truck & Industrial segment from 2013 to 2014. He 
served as Senior Vice President and Chief Financial 
Officer at Meritor from 2009 to 2013 and held various 
leadership positions at Meritor since 2006. Before 
joining Meritor, Mr. Craig served in roles of increasing 
responsibility at General Motors Acceptance 
Corporation (GMAC), including as President and Chief 
Executive Officer of GMAC's Commercial Finance 
organization and President and Chief Executive 
Officer of GMAC’s Business Credit division. He began 
his career at Deloitte & Touche, where he served as 
audit partner. Mr. Craig currently serves as a director 
of Arcosa, Inc. and Hyliion Holdings Corp.
Key Attributes, Experience and Skills
Extensive experience leading global organizations 
resulting from his various leadership roles with Meritor 
and GMAC where he also gained substantial financial, 
risk management, transactional, international, 
operational and human capital management 
experience. Further, Mr. Craig also gained significant 
experience during his tenure as an audit partner at 
Deloitte & Touche and through his service as Chief 
Financial Officer at Meritor.
14
Corporate Governance at Baxter International Inc.
| 2025 Annual Meeting of Stockholders and Proxy Statement

 
Patricia B. Morrison
Independent Director
Age 65
Director since 2019
Committees: Audit, Nominating, Corporate 
Governance and Public Policy and Operating
Biography
From 2009 to 2018, Ms. Morrison served as Executive 
Vice President, Customer Support Services and Chief 
Information Officer (CIO), of Cardinal Health Inc. 
(Cardinal), a global, integrated healthcare services 
and products company. At Cardinal, she led global IT 
operations, which included the transformation of 
multiple business segments, acquisition integration 
and digital strategy. Prior to Cardinal, Ms. Morrison 
was the Chief Executive Officer of Mainstay Partners, 
a technology advisory firm, from 2008 to 2009. She 
previously served as CIO of both Motorola, Inc. and 
Office Depot, Inc. and held senior-level IT positions at 
General Electric Company, PepsiCo, Inc., The Procter 
& Gamble Company and The Quaker Oats Company. 
She previously served as a director of Splunk Inc. and 
Virtusa Corporation.
Key Attributes, Experience and Skills
Extensive experience across diverse global industries 
overseeing strategic, operational and financial aspects 
of IT, including cybersecurity, global IT master 
planning, digital transformation and human capital 
matters, including in the medical products industry, as 
a result of her experience leading the IT function at 
large, multinational organizations.
 
Stephen N. Oesterle, M.D.
Independent Director
Age 74
Director since 2017
Committees: Nominating, Corporate Governance and 
Public Policy and Quality and Regulatory Compliance
Biography
Dr. Oesterle is a consultant, advising private equity 
and operating companies in the healthcare industry. 
From 2002 to 2015, he was a member of the 
Executive Committee of Medtronic, a global medical 
technology, services and solutions company, serving 
as Medtronic’s Senior Vice President, Medicine and 
Technology. Previously, he served as an Associate 
Professor of Medicine and Director of Invasive 
Cardiology Services at each of Massachusetts 
General Hospital (1998 to 2002), Stanford University 
Medical Center (1992 to 1998) and Georgetown 
University Medical Center (1991 to 1992). Dr. Oesterle 
currently serves as a director of Paragon 28 and Peijia 
Medical Ltd. He previously served as a director of 
Sigilon Therapeutics, Inc., Montes Archimedes 
Acquisition Corp. and REVA Medical, Inc. 
Key Attributes, Experience and Skills
Extensive experience in the medical products and 
healthcare industries with a strong scientific and 
medical background and significant experience 
advising on strategic transactions. Substantial 
knowledge of the medical device industry and 
extensive medical and leadership experience as a 
result of his role as Senior Vice President, Medicine 
and Technology at Medtronic and as a director at 
various healthcare companies as well as positions 
held at Harvard Medical School, Stanford University 
Medical Center and other leading hospitals.
Corporate Governance at Baxter International Inc.
15
investor.baxter.com

 
Stephen H. Rusckowski
Independent Director
Age 67
Director since 2023
Committees: Compensation and Human Capital, 
Quality and Regulatory Compliance and Operating
Biography
Mr. Rusckowski is the former Chief Executive Officer 
and President of Quest Diagnostics, Inc. (Quest), a 
leading provider of diagnostic information services, a 
position he held from 2012 until 2022. He also served 
as Chair of the Board of Quest from January 2017 
through March 2023. Prior to joining Quest, he served 
as the Chief Executive Officer of Philips Healthcare 
(Philips), a health technology company focused on 
improving people’s health across the health 
continuum, and a member of the Board of 
Management of Royal Philips Electronics. Earlier in 
his career, he held roles of increasing responsibility at 
Hewlett-Packard Company, a manufacturer of 
software and computer services, and Procter & 
Gamble Company, a leading company that produces 
and sells products for the home, health and personal 
care. Mr. Rusckowski currently serves on the 
supervisory board of Qiagen Inc. and as a director of 
Tenet Healthcare Corporation and previously served 
as a director of MedQuist, Inc. and Quest.
Key Attributes, Experience and Skills
Extensive leadership experience in the healthcare 
industry, including in strategic planning, international 
operations and strategic transactions (including with 
the build out of digital health capabilities) with 
multinational corporations.
Nancy M. Schlichting
Lead Independent Director
Age 70
Director since 2021
Committees: Compensation and Human Capital and  
Quality and Regulatory Compliance
Biography
Ms. Schlichting became Baxter’s Lead Independent 
Director effective February 3, 2025. She joined the 
Board in 2021 following Baxter’s acquisition of Hill-Rom 
Holdings, Inc. (Hillrom), where she had previously 
served as a director and Chair of its Compensation and 
Management Development Committee. Ms. Schlichting 
is the retired President and Chief Executive Officer of 
Henry Ford Health System (HFHS) in Detroit, Michigan, 
a non-profit healthcare organization, serving in this role 
from June 2003 to January 2017. She joined HFHS in 
1998 as Senior Vice President and Chief Administrative 
Officer and served as Executive Vice President and 
Chief Operating Officer from 1999 to 2003 and as 
President and Chief Executive Officer of Henry Ford 
Hospital from 2001 to 2003. She currently serves as a 
director of Encompass Health, Inc. and Walgreens 
Boots Alliance, and as a trustee of the Duke University 
and as the chair of the Duke University Health System 
Board. She previously served as a director of Pear 
Therapeutics, Inc. and as a trustee of the Kresge 
Foundation.
Key Attributes, Experience and Skills
Extensive healthcare administration (including human 
capital management) experience that spans more than 
35 years in senior-level executive roles. This 
experience includes leading HFHS through a financial 
turnaround and leading various customer service, 
quality and human capital management initiatives. 
Extensive expertise in quality and regulatory 
management, mergers and acquisitions, including 
public company mergers and acquisitions such as the 
global mergers of Baxter and Hillrom and Walgreens 
with Alliance Boots.
16
Corporate Governance at Baxter International Inc.
| 2025 Annual Meeting of Stockholders and Proxy Statement

 
Brent Shafer
Chair and Interim Chief Executive Officer of Baxter 
International, Inc.
Age 67
Director since 2022
Committees: None
Biography
Mr. Shafer became Baxter’s Chair of the Board and 
Interim CEO on February 3, 2025, in connection with 
Mr. Almeida's departure. He is the former Chair and 
Chief Executive Officer of Cerner Corporation 
(Cerner), a leading provider of various health 
information technologies, ranging from medical 
devices to electronic health records to hardware, 
serving in this role from 2018 to 2021. Prior to Cerner, 
Mr. Shafer held a number of roles at Philips, including 
Chief Executive Officer of Philips North America. Mr. 
Shafer was also the Chief Executive Officer of Philips 
Home Healthcare Solution business. Before joining 
Philips, Mr. Shafer was Vice President and General 
Manager of Hillrom’s Patient Care Environment 
Division and worked at GE Medical Systems where he 
served in key positions in sales, marketing, and 
general management. Mr. Shafer has also held senior 
roles at Hewlett Packard’s Medical Products Group 
and Johnson & Johnson. Mr. Shafer currently serves 
as a director of Tactile Systems Technology, Inc. and 
Veracyte, Inc.
Key Attributes, Experience and Skills
Substantial knowledge of the health IT industry and 
extensive experience leading, operating and 
transforming global corporations (including with the 
build out of digital health capabilities) as a result of his 
roles as Chair and Chief Executive Officer at Cerner 
and key roles at Philips and in other senior 
management roles at other medical device companies 
(including Hillrom).
 
Cathy R. Smith
Independent Director
Age 61
Director since 2017
Committees: Audit and Nominating, Corporate 
Governance and Public Policy
Biography
Ms. Smith was recently appointed as Executive Vice 
President and Chief Financial Officer at Starbucks 
Corporation (Starbucks), a global beverage company. 
Previously she served as Chief Financial Officer of 
Nordstrom, Inc. (Nordstrom), a luxury department store 
chain, from May 2023 to March 2025. Prior to 
Nordstrom, she served as Chief Financial and 
Administrative Officer of Bright Health, a diversified 
consumer-focused healthcare company, from January 
2020 to May 2023. Prior to Bright Health, Ms. Smith 
was Executive Vice President and Chief Financial 
Officer at Target Corporation (Target) from September 
2015 to November 2019. Prior to joining Target in 2015, 
Ms. Smith served as Executive Vice President and 
Chief Financial Officer at Express Scripts Holding 
Company (Express Scripts), an independent pharmacy 
benefits management company, from 2014 to 2015, and 
at Walmart International (Walmart), a division of 
Walmart Stores Inc., from 2010 to 2014. Earlier in her 
career, she served as Chief Financial Officer at 
GameStop. Ms. Smith currently serves as a director of 
PPG Industries, Inc.
Key Attributes, Experience and Skills
Significant financial expertise and corporate leadership 
experience as a result of her senior positions held at 
Starbucks, Nordstrom, Bright Health, Target, Express 
Scripts and Walmart. This experience includes work 
helping to oversee cybersecurity incident response and 
various strategic transactions as well as human capital 
management expertise as the Chief Administrative 
Officer at Bright Health.
Corporate Governance at Baxter International Inc.
17
investor.baxter.com

 
Amy A. Wendell
Independent Director
Age 64
Director since 2019
Committees: Compensation and Human Capital, 
Quality and Regulatory Compliance and Operating
Biography
Ms. Wendell served as Senior Advisor at Perella 
Weinberg Partners L.P., a global financial services 
firm, from January 2016 to May 2019 where she 
consulted on strategy, corporate finance and investing 
practices in the healthcare industry. From 2015 to 
September 2018, Ms. Wendell served as a Senior 
Advisor at McKinsey & Company (McKinsey), a 
management consulting firm, in its strategy and 
corporate finance practice and also served as a 
member of McKinsey’s Transactions Advisory Board. 
She previously served as Senior Vice President of 
Strategy and Business Development and Licensing at 
Covidien plc (Covidien) from 2006 to 2015, where she 
led the company’s strategy and portfolio management 
initiatives and managed business development 
activities. From 1986 to 2015, Ms. Wendell held roles 
of increasing responsibility at Covidien (including its 
predecessors, Tyco International plc and Kendall 
Healthcare Products Company), from engineering to 
product management and business development. Ms. 
Wendell currently serves as a director of Axogen, Inc., 
Hologic, Inc. and Solventum Corporation. Ms. Wendell 
previously served as a director of Por Cristo, a non-
profit charitable medical service organization involved 
in healthcare work for at-risk women and children in 
Latin America.
Key Attributes, Experience and Skills
Extensive expertise in the healthcare sector in the 
areas of global business development and licensing, 
portfolio management, mergers and acquisitions, 
resource allocation and identifying new market 
opportunities, as well as significant restructuring and 
integration experience, including as a result of her 
roles at Covidien and its predecessors.
 
David S. Wilkes, M.D.
Independent Director
Age 68
Director since 2021
Committees: Nominating, Corporate Governance and 
Public Policy and Quality and Regulatory Compliance
Biography
Dr. Wilkes served as Dean of the University of Virginia 
School of Medicine from 2015 to 2021 and currently 
serves as Dean Emeritus. He previously served in 
positions of increasing responsibility at Indiana 
University School of Medicine, most recently as the 
Executive Associate Director for Research Affairs and 
as the August M. Watanabe Professor of Medical 
Research between 2009 and 2015. Dr. Wilkes is the co-
founder of ImmuneWorks Inc. (ImmuneWorks), a 
biotechnology start-up company, and has served as its 
Chief Scientific Officer since 2005. Since 2006, he has 
served as the National Director of the Harold Amos 
Medical Faculty Development Program of the Robert 
Wood Johnson Foundation. Dr. Wilkes is a military 
veteran, having served three years as a major in the 
U.S. Air Force Medical Corps. In 2020, he was elected 
to the National Academy of Medicine. Dr. Wilkes 
previously served as a director of Syneos Health.
Key Attributes, Experience and Skills
Extensive experience with, and medical and scientific 
expertise and knowledge of, the healthcare industry and 
its providers as a result of his positions with the 
University of Virginia School of Medicine and the 
Indiana University School of Medicine, as well as 
related leadership experience, including in connection 
with in forming and advising ImmuneWorks.
18
Corporate Governance at Baxter International Inc.
| 2025 Annual Meeting of Stockholders and Proxy Statement

Board of Directors
Director Independence
Baxter’s Corporate Governance Guidelines, as most recently amended in November 2024, require that the Board 
be composed of a majority of directors who meet the criteria for “independence” established by the rules of the 
New York Stock Exchange (NYSE). To be considered independent, the Board must affirmatively determine that 
the director does not have any direct or indirect material relationship with Baxter (either directly or as a partner, 
stockholder or officer of an organization that has a relationship with Baxter) and, solely with regard to CHC 
Committee members, consider all relevant factors that could impair his or her ability to make independent 
judgments about executive compensation.
In making its independence determinations, the Board considers transactions, relationships and arrangements 
between Baxter and entities with which its directors are associated as a partner, stockholder or officer or in which 
they have other material relationships. When these transactions, relationships and arrangements have existed, 
they are reviewed in accordance with Baxter’s Corporate Governance Guidelines, as described in below in “—
Board Responsibilities—Certain Relationships and Related Person Transactions”.
After careful consideration, the Board has determined that each of the following directors standing for election 
satisfy Baxter’s independence standards and the NYSE listing standards for independence: William A. Ampofo II; 
Jeffrey A. Craig; Patricia B. Morrison; Stephen N. Oesterle, M.D.; Stephen H. Rusckowski; Nancy M. Schlichting; 
Cathy R. Smith; Amy A. Wendell; and David S. Wilkes, M.D. 
Director Attendance
In 2024, the Board held nine meetings. Each director attended at least 75% of the total number of Board 
meetings and meetings of the committees on which he or she served as of the related meeting date. Baxter’s 
Corporate Governance Guidelines set forth the company’s expectation that directors regularly attend meetings of 
the Board and the committees on which he or she serves as well as the annual meeting of stockholders. In 2024, 
all of the directors then in office participated in the 2024 annual meeting. 
Director Tenure, Refreshment and Composition
The Board recognizes the importance of periodic refreshment and maintaining an appropriate balance of tenure, 
experience and perspectives on the Board. Through thoughtful refreshment, the Board has maintained an 
appropriate mix of new and longer-tenured directors and onboarded new directors consistent with the strategic 
and operational direction of the company. This mix provides the Board with the benefit of both new perspectives 
and insights from directors who have familiarity with, and knowledge of, the organization and governance of the 
company and the issues confronting it. The directors standing for election have an average tenure of 3.8 years 
as of March 13, 2025. 
To enable appropriate refreshment, the NCGPP Committee and the Board regularly evaluate the company’s 
evolving needs and add new skills, qualifications and experience to the Board as necessary so that the Board 
remains well positioned to help address the emerging risks, trends and opportunities facing the company. 
Notably, as a result of this process, five directors have been appointed in the past three years. 
The Corporate Governance Guidelines also provide that a director who has reached the age of 75 must retire 
from the Board effective at the end of his or her then current term, subject to certain exceptions (such as during a 
CEO succession or during a material merger, acquisition or disposition). The Board has not granted any waivers 
with respect to this mandatory retirement age since its adoption. 
The Board believes that having directors with a robust set of skills, backgrounds, viewpoints, perspectives and 
experiences positively contributes to fulsome discussions at Board meetings and helps guide oversight of 
Baxter’s long-term strategy. Although the Board does not have a formal diversity policy, diversity of background, 
Corporate Governance at Baxter International Inc.
19
investor.baxter.com

global perspectives, skills and experience are relevant factors in the director selection process consistent with 
the Corporate Governance Guidelines and the Board’s efforts to identify the best candidates for Board service 
and to maintain a Board with a complementary set of experiences and backgrounds that is well suited to oversee 
Baxter and its strategic initiatives and imperatives.  
Additionally, as discussed below, the Board conducts an annual assessment of itself and its committees to help 
identify potential gaps or areas that the Board may look to augment in light of the company’s strategies and 
initiatives. 
Director Qualifications
As discussed below in “—Nomination of Directors,” directors are selected on the basis of the criteria set forth in 
Baxter’s Corporate Governance Guidelines. The Board believes that the skills, experience, expertise and 
knowledge collectively represented on the Board by our director nominees allow the Board to continue to lead 
Baxter in a manner that serves the best interests of its stockholders. Key attributes, experience and skills for 
each of the company’s director nominees are included above in their biographies and under “Proxy Statement 
Highlights—Board Qualifications, Experiences and Backgrounds.” 
Director Overboarding
The Board values the experience directors bring from other boards on which they serve but recognizes that those 
boards may also present demands on a director’s time and availability and may present potential conflicts of 
interest. 
Baxter’s Corporate Governance Guidelines limit the maximum number of public company boards of directors on 
which a director may serve to two (inclusive of the Board) for directors who are employed full-time or four 
(inclusive of the Board) for all other directors. Any director who is no longer in compliance with these limitations is 
required to make good faith efforts to reduce the number of public company boards on which he or she serves in 
order to comply prior to the time he or she is eligible to be nominated for reelection. Directors are required to 
notify the Chair of the Board, the Lead Independent Director and the chair of the NCGPP Committee prior to 
accepting any invitation to serve on the board, audit committee or compensation committee of any other public or 
private company or to serve in a leadership role on the board or a board committee of any other public or private 
company (including the chair or lead independent director of any board or chair of a board committee). This prior 
notice allows the Board to consider whether such service will interfere with the director’s service on the Board, 
impact the director’s independence or create an actual or apparent conflict of interest or other issues.  Further, 
the NCGPP Committee evaluates each director's time commitments in connection with the annual nomination of 
directors, including service on other public company boards and committee memberships, as well as other 
significant commitments involving affiliations with other for-profit businesses, non-profit entities or governmental 
units.  As of March 13, 2025, all of Baxter’s directors were in compliance with Baxter’s overboarding policy, with 
the exception of Mr. Shafer who was recently appointed as Interim CEO. After taking into account Mr. Shafer's 
time commitments, including his service on two other public company boards (which does not currently include 
any board or committee leadership positions), the NCGPP Committee determined that Mr. Shafer's continued 
service on those outside boards would not impair his ability to serve effectively on the Board or as Interim CEO, 
and that it was advisable and appropriate to grant Mr. Shafer a waiver under the company's overboarding policy 
with respect to such service.
Nomination of Directors
The NCGPP Committee considers candidates for director to the Board recommended by stockholders, members 
of the Board and management in accordance with the policies outlined in Baxter’s Bylaws, Corporate 
Governance Guidelines and NCGPP Committee Charter. 
Additionally, in 2024, the Board retained an independent search firm to assist it in identifying and evaluating 
potential director candidates, which helped lead to the appointment of Mr. Jeffrey Craig. 
20
Corporate Governance at Baxter International Inc.
| 2025 Annual Meeting of Stockholders and Proxy Statement

The NCGPP Committee evaluates all candidates for director in the same manner regardless of the source of the 
recommendation. Stockholder recommendations for candidates for director must include the same information 
required by Baxter’s Bylaws for director nominations by stockholders and be sent to the Corporate Secretary, 
Baxter International Inc., One Baxter Parkway, Deerfield, Illinois 60015. 
Baxter’s Corporate Governance Guidelines provide that director nominees selected by the NCGPP Committee 
must: 
•
possess fundamental qualities of intelligence, honesty, perceptiveness, good judgment, maturity, high 
ethics and standards, integrity, fairness and responsibility; 
•
have a genuine interest in the company and recognition that, as a member of the Board, each director is 
accountable to all stockholders of the company, not to any particular interest group; 
•
have a background that demonstrates an understanding of business and financial affairs and the 
complexities of a large, multifaceted, global business, governmental or educational organization; 
•
be or have been in a senior position in a complex organization such as a corporation, university or major 
unit of government or a large not-for-profit institution; 
•
have no conflict of interest or legal impediment that would interfere with the duty of loyalty owed to the 
company and its stockholders; 
•
have the ability and be willing to spend the time required to function effectively as a director; 
•
be compatible and able to work well with other directors and executives in a team effort with a view to a 
long-term relationship with the company as a director; and 
•
have independent opinions and be willing to state them in a constructive manner. 
If a vacancy occurs or is expected to occur on the Board for any reason and the Board desires to fill the position, 
the Board initiates a process to identify potential candidates, such as by engaging an independent search firm. 
Once a candidate has been identified, the NCGPP Committee (on behalf of the Board) and, where applicable, 
the independent search firm will engage in a process that includes an examination of the candidate's business 
background and education, research on the individual’s accomplishments and qualifications, interviews and 
reference checking. If this process generates a positive indication, the Lead Independent Director, members of 
the NCGPP Committee and the Chair of the Board will meet with the candidate and then confer with each other 
regarding the candidate. After consideration of these background screens and interviews (possibly with multiple 
candidates), the NCGPP Committee may then recommend the individual to the full Board for further evaluation, 
and ultimately, election. Subject to formal action by the Board, the Chair of the Board is then authorized to extend 
an offer to the individual candidate to join the Board on a specified date or nominate the candidate for election at 
the next annual meeting of stockholders. 
In addition to making recommendations to the Board, eligible stockholders are able to nominate a candidate for 
election to the Board by complying with the proxy access or advance notice procedures set forth in Baxter’s 
Bylaws and by complying with Rule 14a-19 under the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended (Exchange 
Act). For more information about these processes, see “General Information—Other Information—Nominations of 
Individuals for Election as Directors at the 2026 Annual Meeting.”
Director Orientation and Continuing Education
The NCGPP Committee has developed and oversees an orientation program designed to familiarize new 
directors with Baxter’s businesses and strategic actions, key policies and practices, principal officers and 
management structure and auditing and compliance processes. In addition, the NCGPP Committee regularly 
monitors director continuing education participation to help the NCGPP Committee assess the overall skill set of 
the Board. 
Director education is vital to the ability of directors to fulfill their roles. The Board encourages directors to 
participate in external continuing director education programs, and Baxter funds and reimburses directors for 
related expenses. Continuing director education is also provided during Board and committee meetings and 
other Board discussions. Among other topics, during 2024, the Board received training or related background 
materials from outside advisers and management on numerous subjects, including on the Board’s fiduciary 
Corporate Governance at Baxter International Inc.
21
investor.baxter.com

duties as they relate to Baxter’s strategic actions, cybersecurity, artificial intelligence, the company's operations 
and various corporate responsibility matters. 
Annual Board and Committee Evaluation
Each year, the NCGPP Committee oversees a review of the structure and composition of the Board and each 
committee thereof. This review is conducted to help ensure that the Board and each Board committee continues 
to function effectively in light of the company’s strategic objectives and initiatives, the Corporate Governance 
Guidelines and each committee’s charter. The NCGPP Committee periodically retains one or more external 
advisors to assist in the oversight of this annual review process, typically every two to three years, or as 
circumstances warrant it. As part of this process (whether conducted as a self-assessment or with the assistance 
of an external advisor), each independent director provides his or her views on the performance and 
effectiveness of the Board and the committees on which he or she serves. Each independent director is also 
asked to provide commentary on, and any suggested revisions to, the charters for the committees on which he or 
she serves in response to any changes in the company’s strategic direction, emerging risks, regulatory 
developments, committee composition or otherwise. The Board and each committee reviews and discusses the 
collective feedback from this process. The Board also identifies any potential skill or experience gaps, if any, or 
changes that the Board would like to make, such as by rotating existing directors off the Board or refreshing 
committee assignments or responsibilities. The NCGPP Committee also utilizes the results of the Board 
evaluation process in identifying the characteristics, skills and experience desired of candidates for election to 
the Board. This process helped result in the appointment of Jeffrey Craig to the Board in September 2024. 
Communicating with the Board of Directors
Stockholders and other interested parties may contact any of Baxter’s directors, including the Lead Independent 
Director or the non-management directors as a group, by writing a letter to Baxter Board of Directors, c/o 
Corporate Secretary, Baxter International Inc., One Baxter Parkway, Deerfield, Illinois 60015, or by sending an e-
mail to boardofdirectors@baxter.com. Baxter’s Corporate Secretary will forward communications directly to the 
Lead Independent Director, as appropriate, unless a different director is specified. 
See “—Other Corporate Governance Information—Stockholder Engagement” below for a discussion of the 
company’s stockholder outreach efforts. 
Other Corporate Governance Information
Corporate Governance Guidelines
The Board has long adhered to corporate governance principles designed to promote effective corporate 
governance. Since 1995, the Board has had in place a set of Corporate Governance Guidelines reflecting these 
principles. The NCGPP Committee reviews, at least annually, the adequacy of Baxter’s Corporate Governance 
Guidelines (including with respect to related NYSE requirements), and recommends any proposed changes to 
the Board. Baxter’s current Corporate Governance Guidelines, most recently revised in November 2024, cover 
topics including director qualifications, mandatory retirement age, overboarding policy, director responsibilities 
(including those of the Lead Independent Director), the company’s policy regarding the anticipated future 
separation of the CEO and Chair, director access to management and independent advisors, director 
compensation, director orientation and continuing education, succession planning and the annual evaluations of 
the Board and its committees. The November 2024 amendments to the Corporate Governance Guidelines 
clarified that, at least annually, the NCGPP Committee evaluates director time commitments (including service on 
other public company boards, affiliations with other for profit businesses, non-profit entities and governmental 
units), and also clarified that portions of certain Board and Board committee meetings will be devoted to director 
education (including on matters regarding the company's industry, business operations and important legal and 
regulatory matters). Further, consistent with the company's Bylaws, the Corporate Governance Guidelines state 
that the company's stockholders may recommend nominees for consideration by the NCGPP Committee by 
submitting the names and required supporting information to the company's Corporate Secretary and that 
22
Corporate Governance at Baxter International Inc.
| 2025 Annual Meeting of Stockholders and Proxy Statement

director candidates will be evaluated in the same manner regardless of the source of the recommendation. 
Baxter’s Corporate Governance Guidelines are available on Baxter’s website at www.baxter.com under “Our 
Story—Our Governance—Corporate Governance Matters—Corporate Governance Guidelines.” 
Stockholder Engagement
The company is committed to engaging in continuing dialogue with its stockholders on corporate governance, 
executive compensation, corporate responsibility and other matters of importance, including management and 
Board succession planning. Management is primarily responsible for stockholder communications and 
engagement, and provides regular updates to the Board on topics or concerns raised by stockholders, with 
certain directors attending stockholder meetings when appropriate. The Board considers this feedback as well as 
the interests of all stakeholders when overseeing company strategy, policies and practices (including with respect 
to corporate responsibility matters) and designing or evaluating executive compensation programs. 
After completion of the 2024 annual meeting and through early 2025, select directors (including Mr. Shafer and 
Ms. Schlichting) and select members of management met with stockholders representing approximately 30% of 
Baxter’s outstanding shares (calculated as of December 31, 2024) as part of the company’s annual outreach 
program and in response to inbound inquires. These discussions followed an outreach to top Baxter investors 
representing over 60% of Baxter’s outstanding shares (calculated as of December 31, 2024). These investors 
included institutional investors, hedge funds, mutual funds and public pension funds. Topics covered in these 
discussions included Baxter’s strategy and performance (including the separation of the Kidney Care business), 
corporate governance matters (including Board composition, management succession planning and the 2024 
stockholder proposal), the Board’s leadership structure (including the ongoing CEO search), executive 
compensation matters (including the 2024 Say on Pay vote and related considerations) and corporate 
responsibility initiatives. Commentary from these discussions was shared with the Board and informed the 
company’s position on the stockholder proposal to be voted on at the Annual Meeting and various company 
disclosures, including ones in the proxy statement regarding the Board’s oversight of the company’s strategy and 
performance, management and Board succession planning, governance policies, corporate responsibility matters 
and matters considered by the CHC Committee when reviewing executive pay. 
Board Responsibilities
Code of Conduct
Baxter has adopted a Code of Conduct that applies to all members of the Board and all employees of the 
company, including the CEO, CFO, Controller and other senior financial officers. Any amendment to, or waiver 
from, a provision of the Code of Conduct that applies to the CEO, CFO, Controller or persons performing similar 
functions will be disclosed on Baxter’s website, at www.baxter.com under “Our Story—Our Governance—
Corporate Governance Matters.” The Code of Conduct is available on Baxter’s website at www.baxter.com under 
“Our Story—Our Governance—Corporate Governance Matters—Code of Conduct.” The full Board is responsible 
for overseeing compliance with the Code of Conduct and regular training on the Code of Conduct is provided to 
the Board and made available to employees, including senior management. 
The Board’s Oversight of Risk
The Board maintains broad oversight over risk management, including with respect to the company’s strategic 
objectives and the risks identified by the company’s Enterprise Risk Management (ERM) program. Baxter's ERM 
program is designed to identify, assess and prioritize strategic, financial, operational, regulatory and compliance, 
technological and reputational risks with the potential to have sustained impact on the company. While 
management has day-to-day responsibility for assessing and managing the company’s risk exposure, the Board 
and its committees provide active oversight in connection with those efforts. Management regularly reports to the 
Board on global dynamics, challenges and opportunities facing the company and, at least annually, management 
reports to the Board on the company’s ERM process and identified risks. The full Board also regularly oversees 
other areas of potential risk, such as significant acquisitions and divestitures and management succession 
Corporate Governance at Baxter International Inc.
23
investor.baxter.com

planning, as further described below. The Board consults with internal and external advisors, as needed, to 
enable the Board to exercise its oversight responsibility for the company’s risk management processes. Further, 
the Board and its committees receive updates and training from internal and external experts on topics that 
pertain to relevant areas of risk management. The Board’s oversight of risk management is designed to support 
the achievement of the company’s strategic and organizational objectives, improve long-term organizational 
performance and enhance stockholder value.  
The Board monitors key risks through review and discussion of related materials with company management and 
by delegating certain risk oversight responsibilities to its committees. The Board delegates risk oversight 
responsibility to its committees where it believes the committee’s purpose and subject matter responsibilities, as 
set forth in each committee's charter, as well as the composition of the committee will support efficient and 
effective oversight. More specifically, and in addition to cybersecurity incident oversight as described below, the 
Audit Committee is charged with oversight of the process by which management assesses and manages 
financial risk as well as the steps taken to monitor and control these exposures. The QRC Committee is charged 
with oversight of Baxter’s quality and regulatory compliance programs (inclusive of the quality and regulatory 
aspects of the company’s research and development programs). The NCGPP Committee is responsible for 
overseeing and reviewing corporate governance matters (including director independence and Board 
composition) and corporate actions related to corporate citizenship and public policy, including current and 
emerging political issues. The CHC Committee oversees compensation policies and practices with respect to 
both executive compensation and compensation generally as well as certain human capital management 
matters. The full Board is kept abreast of risk oversight and other activities of its committees through reports of 
the committee chairs to the full Board during Board meetings.
Cybersecurity Oversight 
In February 2024, the Board amended the charters of the Audit Committee and QRC Committee to realign 
oversight over the company’s innovation strategy and cybersecurity to the full Board, as these responsibilities 
now sit within the vertically integrated segments and are part of each segment's business strategies. The Board 
oversees IT functions generally, including product related cybersecurity matters (which had previously been 
subject to the oversight of the QRC Committee) as well as the company's use of artificial intelligence (whether 
internally or in its products and services). The Audit Committee is responsible for the oversight of certain 
significant cybersecurity incidents, including ones related to Baxter products and services, and, in the event of a 
significant cybersecurity incident, receives related updates from management on those incidents. Consistent with 
this oversight responsibility, the Audit Committee is responsible for reviewing proposed disclosures in connection 
with any material cybersecurity incident consistent with the company's disclosure obligations under Item 1.05 of 
Form 8-K. The full Board receives periodic updates on IT and cybersecurity matters from company management 
and external advisors from time to time and the Audit Committee receives periodic updates (including as part of 
continuing director education) on the evolving cybersecurity landscape and regulatory reporting requirements. 
Human Capital Management Oversight
The Board and the CHC Committee oversee and regularly engage with the CEO, the Chief Human Resources 
Officer and other members of senior leadership on a broad range of human capital management issues, 
including workforce composition, compensation and pay equity, talent attraction, recruitment and turnover, 
leadership training, learning and development, employee engagement, health and well-being, and management 
succession planning (as further discussed below). These discussions, which include the review of the company’s 
Best Place to Work survey results, take place as part of annual corporate responsibility updates to the full Board 
and during select CHC Committee meetings. The CHC Committee is responsible for overseeing certain human 
capital management matters, including leadership development and workplace culture matters.
Management Succession Planning
The Board believes that its management succession planning process is rigorous and effective. The CHC 
Committee, in consultation with the CEO, oversees succession planning for key members of management 
(excluding the CEO), and the full Board, in consultation with the Lead Independent Director and the NCGPP 
24
Corporate Governance at Baxter International Inc.
| 2025 Annual Meeting of Stockholders and Proxy Statement

Committee, oversees succession planning for the CEO. Succession planning includes both emergency 
succession plans and succession in the ordinary course.  At least annually, the CEO reviews key management 
succession planning with the CHC Committee.  Additionally, at each regularly scheduled CHC Committee 
meeting, the CHC Committee conducts deeper reviews of the performance of and succession planning for key 
members of management (excluding the CEO) and discusses any open senior management positions.  In 
connection with CEO succession planning, the entire Board is invited to participate in meetings of the NCGPP 
Committee at which the topics of CEO succession and CEO goal setting and performance evaluations are 
discussed. Further, all independent directors are invited to meetings of the CHC Committee at which CEO 
compensation recommendations are made (for approval by the independent directors of the Board). Board 
members have exposure to internal succession candidates through their periodic participation in Board meetings 
as well as other engagements outside of Board meetings. The Board and CHC Committee's succession planning 
process resulted in the successful internal promotion of Heather Knight to Chief Operating Officer (COO) in 
February 2025.
On February 3, 2025, the company announced that the Board appointed Mr. Shafer as Chair and Interim CEO in 
connection with Mr. Almeida’s departure, and that the Board initiated a comprehensive search for a permanent 
CEO with the assistance of a leading search firm. This search represents an extension of the Board’s ongoing 
CEO succession planning activities.  Additionally, the Board formed a CEO Search Working Group consisting of 
Cathy Smith, Stephen Oesterle, Stephen Rusckowski and David Wilkes to lead the search for the permanent 
CEO. The CEO Search Working Group, working closely with the external search firm and the NCGPP 
Committee, is leading a comprehensive process to identify and consider potential internal and external 
candidates for the permanent CEO position. The CEO Search Working Group regularly reports to the full Board 
on the status of the search for the permanent CEO, and the full Board will ultimately elect the permanent CEO. 
Certain Relationships and Related Person Transactions 
The Board recognizes that related person transactions present a heightened risk of conflicts of interest. 
Accordingly, pursuant to Baxter’s Corporate Governance Guidelines, the NCGPP Committee has been charged 
with reviewing related person transactions at least annually. For purposes of this policy, a “related person 
transaction” is any transaction in which the company was or is to be a participant and in which any related person 
has a direct or indirect material interest other than transactions that involve less than $120,000 when aggregated 
with all similar transactions. This amount was increased from $50,000 in 2024, consistent with peer company 
practices. Any such related person transaction must be approved or ratified by the NCGPP Committee. The 
NCGPP Committee reviews related person transactions as they arise. The NCGPP Committee also annually 
reviews materials prepared by the Corporate Secretary to help determine whether any related person 
transactions have occurred that have not been previously reported to the NCGPP Committee and require 
approval or ratification. 
Board Structure and Processes 
Board Leadership Structure; Lead Independent Director 
Mr. Shafer, former Lead Independent Director, was appointed as Chair and Interim CEO on February 3, 2025, in 
connection with Mr. Almeida's departure. In conjunction with his appointment, Mr. Shafer stepped down from his 
role as Lead Independent Director and the independent directors elected Ms. Schlichting to serve as Lead 
Independent Director for one year, effective February 3, 2025. Mr. Shafer has served as a director since 2022 
and served as Lead Independent Director from April 2023 until his appointment as Chair and Interim CEO. Ms. 
Schlichting joined the Board following Baxter’s acquisition of Hillrom in 2021.
The Board regularly reviews the leadership structure of the company, including whether the position of Chair of 
the Board should be held by an independent director. In connection with Mr. Shafer’s interim appointment, the 
Board determined that it was in Baxter stockholders’ best interests to keep the Chair and CEO roles combined 
while the Board searches for a permanent CEO in order to provide strong, collaborative and consistent 
leadership during the transition period. The Board appointed Mr. Shafer as Chair and Interim CEO because of his 
Corporate Governance at Baxter International Inc.
25
investor.baxter.com

significant industry and leadership experience at global corporations, including as Chair and CEO of Cerner, and 
in light of his experience as Baxter's Lead Independent Director. The Board believes that this combined role 
enables Mr. Shafer to effectively connect the Board and Baxter management, particularly during a time of 
transition. Notwithstanding the foregoing, in 2020, in response to a stockholder proposal, the company adopted a 
policy that provides that, effective upon the next permanent CEO transition, the Chair will be an independent 
director unless the Board determines that it would be in the best interests of the company and its stockholders to 
have a non-independent director serve as Chair. 
As Chair of the Board, and pursuant to Baxter’s Bylaws and Corporate Governance Guidelines, Mr. Shafer 
presides at all Board and stockholder meetings, serves as the primary spokesperson for Baxter and acts as a 
liaison between the Board and the stockholders. As Interim CEO and pursuant to Baxter’s Bylaws, Mr. Shafer 
supervises the business of the company, subject to the direction of the Board. 
As part of its commitment to independent leadership and oversight, the Board has adopted a policy requiring the 
appointment of a Lead Independent Director at any time when the Chair is not independent and has created a 
robust Lead Independent Director position with clearly defined responsibilities. Ms. Schlichting now serves in that 
capacity.  Pursuant to Baxter’s Corporate Governance Guidelines, the Lead Independent Director has the 
following responsibilities and authority: 
•
presiding at all Board executive sessions and all meetings of the Board when the Chair is not present; 
•
facilitating discussion among the independent directors on key issues and concerns in executive 
sessions excluding any management directors and outside of meetings of the Board; 
•
acting as principal liaison between the independent directors and the Chair and CEO; 
•
reporting the results of and feedback from executive sessions to the Chair; 
•
reviewing and approving meeting agendas for the Board and working with the Chair to facilitate timely 
and appropriate information flow to the Board; 
•
reviewing and approving meeting schedules to ensure that there is sufficient time for discussion of all 
agenda items; 
•
having the authority to call meetings of the independent directors; 
•
in consultation with the chair of the NCGPP Committee, leading the annual performance evaluation of 
the Chair and CEO (as applicable); 
•
in consultation with the chair of the NCGPP Committee, leading the CEO succession process; 
•
engaging with Baxter’s stockholders on selected topics including corporate governance, executive 
compensation and other corporate responsibility matters; and 
•
performing such other duties as may be requested by the other independent directors. 
Additionally, the Lead Independent Director serves as the contact person for interested parties to communicate 
directly with the independent members of the Board and has engaged with Baxter’s stockholders on select 
topics, including many of those discussed under “—Other Corporate Governance Information—Stockholder 
Engagement” above. Further, as Lead Independent Director, Ms. Schlichting leads executive sessions of the 
Board, as further discussed under “—Executive Sessions” below.  The Lead Independent Director, together with 
the chairs of the CHC and NCGPP Committees, also leads the non-employee directors in the annual review and 
approval of compensation for the CEO. 
The Board believes that its robust Lead Independent Director position, combined with the regular use of 
executive sessions of the independent directors and fully-independent Board committees, enables the Board to 
effectively oversee management. 
In sum, the Board has determined that the combined Chair and CEO structure currently serves the best interests 
of the company and its stockholders while the Board searches for a permanent CEO, taking into account the 
strong role played by the Lead Independent Director and the independent directors generally. 
26
Corporate Governance at Baxter International Inc.
| 2025 Annual Meeting of Stockholders and Proxy Statement

Executive Sessions 
In 2024, directors met in executive session without management at every regularly scheduled meeting in 
accordance with Baxter’s Corporate Governance Guidelines. Mr. Shafer, as the Lead Independent Director in 
2024, led these executive sessions. The Lead Independent Director or Chair of the Board may invite the 
company’s officers, employees and independent advisors to attend portions of these executive sessions. 
Directors covered critical issues facing the company during executive sessions in 2024, including the company’s 
response to challenging global macroeconomic conditions, operational challenges (including those related to the 
company's response to Hurricane Helene), optimization of the company’s portfolio (including with respect to the 
recent sale of the company’s Kidney Care business), capital allocation decisions and Board and management 
succession planning. Additionally, the Audit Committee holds executive sessions, a portion of which include each 
of the internal auditor, the independent registered public accounting firm and select members of management 
(including the CFO and the Controller). The CHC Committee regularly holds executive sessions, a portion of 
which include the independent compensation consultant. The NCGPP, QRC and Operating Committees also 
generally meet in executive session at each regularly scheduled committee meeting. 
Committees of the Board
The standing committees of the Board consist of the Audit Committee, the CHC Committee, the NCGPP 
Committee and the QRC Committee. In addition, the Board formed a new Operating Committee to assist 
management and the Board throughout the CEO transition. 
Each committee consists solely of independent directors and is governed by a written charter. All standing 
committee charters are available on Baxter’s website at www.baxter.com under “Our Story—Our Governance—
Board Committees & Charters.”
Audit Committee
The Audit Committee is composed of Jeffrey A. Craig (Chair), Patricia B. Morrison and Cathy R. Smith, each of 
whom is independent under the rules of the NYSE and Rule 10A-3 of the Exchange Act. Mr. Peter Wilver served 
as the chair of the Audit Committee until his resignation, effective December 31, 2024, and upon his resignation, 
Mr. Craig was appointed as chair of the Audit Committee. The Board has determined that Mr. Craig and Ms. 
Smith each qualify as an “audit committee financial expert” as defined by the rules of the SEC. The Audit 
Committee is primarily concerned with the integrity of Baxter’s financial statements, system of internal accounting 
controls, the internal and external audit process and the process for monitoring compliance with laws and 
regulations as it relates to financial matters. 
As set forth in its amended charter, the Audit Committee’s duties include: 
(1) reviewing the adequacy and effectiveness of Baxter’s internal controls over financial reporting with 
management, internal audit and the independent registered public accounting firm; 
(2) reviewing with management Baxter’s disclosure controls and procedures; 
(3) retaining and evaluating the qualifications, independence and performance of the independent 
registered public accounting firm; 
(4) approving audit and permissible non-audit engagements to be undertaken by the independent 
registered public accounting firm; 
(5) reviewing the scope of the annual external and internal audit plans; 
(6) reviewing and discussing with management and the independent registered public accounting firm 
Baxter’s financial statements (audited and unaudited), as well as earnings press releases and related 
information, prior to their filing or release; 
(7) overseeing legal and regulatory compliance as it relates to financial matters; 
Corporate Governance at Baxter International Inc.
27
investor.baxter.com

(8) overseeing the company’s response to cybersecurity incidents involving the company’s IT systems or 
products and services; 
(9) holding separate executive sessions with the independent registered public accounting firm, the internal 
auditor and management; 
(10) reviewing guidelines and policies governing the process by which Baxter assesses and manages risk; 
(11) reviewing updates on the company's directors' and officers' and property liability insurance policies and 
related matters; and 
(12) approving certain financing matters, proposed corporate transactions and capital expenditures. 
The Audit Committee met nine times in 2024. The Audit Committee Report appears on page 85. 
Compensation and Human Capital Committee 
The CHC Committee is composed of Nancy M. Schlichting (Chair), Stephen H. Rusckowski and Amy A. Wendell, 
each of whom is independent under the rules of the NYSE and is a non-employee director under the rules 
promulgated by the U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission (SEC) under Section 16 of the Exchange Act. 
The CHC Committee exercises the authority of the Board relating to employee benefit, compensation and equity-
based plans of the company's executives and overseeing the development, implementation and effectiveness of 
the company’s policies and strategies relating to human capital management. 
As set forth in its amended charter, the CHC Committee’s duties include: 
(1) making recommendations for consideration by the Board, in executive session and in coordination with 
the NCGPP Committee, concerning the compensation of the CEO and his or her performance for the 
relevant period; 
(2) determining the compensation of the company’s key executives (other than the CEO) and advising the 
Board of the related determination; 
(3) making recommendations to the Board with respect to incentive compensation plans and equity-based 
plans and exercising the authority of the Board concerning benefit plans; 
(4) serving as the administration committee of the company’s equity-based plans and exercising the 
authority of the Board to issue Baxter stock as compensation or incentive to non-employee directors, 
officers, employees, consultants or advisors; 
(5) making recommendations to the Board concerning non-employee director compensation; 
(6) reviewing the adequacy of the company’s stock ownership guidelines for key executives and directors 
and periodically assessing compliance with these guidelines; 
(7) overseeing the company’s compensation philosophy and strategy and periodically assessing the risk 
related to its compensation policies and practices; 
(8) overseeing certain human capital management matters, including key management succession 
planning and leadership development matters; and 
(9) approving the Compensation Discussion and Analysis (CD&A) for inclusion in the company’s annual 
proxy statement.
The NCGPP and CHC Committees work together to establish a link between the CEO’s performance 
assessment and decisions regarding his or her compensation. All compensation actions relating to the CEO are 
subject to the approval of the independent directors of the Board. The CHC Committee met five times in 2024. 
The CHC Committee Report begins on page 38. 
The CHC Committee has the sole and direct responsibility for the appointment, compensation and oversight of 
the work of any advisor retained by the CHC Committee. Aon Consulting, Inc. (Aon), as the CHC Committee's 
independent compensation consultant, reports directly and exclusively to the CHC Committee and, except as 
28
Corporate Governance at Baxter International Inc.
| 2025 Annual Meeting of Stockholders and Proxy Statement

noted below, has not historically provided any additional services to Baxter except advising on executive and 
Board compensation matters (inclusive of a review of related company disclosures). The CHC Committee 
consultant provides analyses and recommendations that help inform the CHC Committee’s decisions but does 
not decide or approve any compensation actions. During 2024, the CHC Committee consultant advised the chair 
of the CHC Committee on agenda items for CHC Committee meetings, reviewed management proposals 
presented to the CHC Committee, assisted in the CHC Committee’s assessment of Baxter’s compensation 
policies and practices and conducted a review of the compensation of non-employee directors at Baxter’s peer 
companies. See “Executive Compensation—Compensation Discussion and Analysis—Structure of Executive 
Compensation Program—Peer Group and Use of Peer Group Data” for additional information on Baxter’s 
compensation peer group. For services rendered in 2024, Baxter paid approximately $315,000 to Aon in fees 
related to recommending the amount or form of executive and director compensation and approximately $1.5 
million in fees primarily related to commercial risk advisory services and tools to benchmark benefits. The 
company also paid Aon approximately $506,000 (paid from assets contained in the Hillrom Pension Plan) for 
serving as the plan’s outsourced chief investment officer and investment manager in 2024, which services Aon 
started providing prior to Baxter's acquisition of Hillrom in December 2021. The determination to engage Aon for 
the additional services rendered was recommended by management and approved by Baxter’s Investment 
Committee, which is comprised of members of management annually appointed by the Audit Committee. In 
accordance with the rules of the SEC and the NYSE regarding the independence of compensation consultants, 
the CHC Committee consultant provided the CHC Committee information regarding any personal, financial or 
business relationships between it and Baxter, the consultant’s management or the members of the CHC 
Committee that could impair the consultant's independence or present a conflict of interest. Based on its review 
of this information, the CHC Committee determined that there were no relationships that impair Aon's 
independence or create a conflict of interest between Baxter and Aon and the partners, consultants and 
employees who provide(d) services to the CHC Committee. In addition, the CHC Committee annually reviews the 
substantive performance of the independent CHC Committee consultant as part of its engagement process. 
CHC Committee Interlocks and Insider Participation 
During 2024, Mses. Schlichting and Wendell and Messrs. Rusckowski and Wilver served as a member of the 
CHC Committee. No current or former director that served on the CHC Committee in 2024 is or has been one of 
the company’s officers or employees, and none have any relationships with Baxter of the type that is required to 
be disclosed under Item 404 of Regulation S-K. None of the company’s executive officers serves or has served 
as a member of the board, the compensation committee or other board committee performing equivalent 
functions of any entity that has one or more executive officers serving as one of Baxter’s directors, including on 
the CHC Committee. 
Nominating, Corporate Governance and Public Policy Committee 
The NCGPP Committee is composed of Cathy R. Smith (Chair), Patricia B. Morrison, Stephen N. Oesterle, M.D., 
and David S. Wilkes, M.D., each of whom is independent under the rules of the NYSE. The NCGPP Committee 
assists and advises the Board on director nominations, corporate governance, general Board organization and 
planning matters and on current and emerging political, corporate citizenship and public policy issues that may 
affect Baxter's business operations, performance or public image. 
As provided in its amended charter, the NCGPP Committee’s duties include: 
(1) developing general criteria for use in evaluating and selecting candidates for election or re-election to 
the Board; 
(2) assisting the Board in identifying and attracting qualified director candidates; 
(3) having the sole authority to retain and terminate any search firm to be used to identify director 
candidates; 
(4) recommending to the Board annually a slate of nominees to be proposed by the Board to stockholders 
as nominees for election as directors and, from time to time, recommend persons to fill any vacancy on the 
Board; 
Corporate Governance at Baxter International Inc.
29
investor.baxter.com

(5) reviewing and making recommendations to the Board regarding director nominees' independence for 
the general Board and CHC Committee and Audit Committee service, and the financial literacy and expertise 
of Audit Committee members and nominees who may be asked to serve on the Audit Committee;
(6) reviewing the suitability for continued service of each director when his or her term expires, including 
each director's time commitments, and when he or she has a change in circumstances under Baxter’s 
Corporate Governance Guidelines; 
(7) reviewing periodically the size and composition of the Board and each committee, including whether the 
Board possesses an appropriate mix of skills, tenure, experiences and backgrounds; 
(8) recommending to the Board any changes in number, authority, procedures and duties of Board 
committees and the chairs and members who should serve thereon; 
(9) advising the Board and the Chair and CEO on major organizational matters, including the proposed 
election of any new officers in response to any organizational changes; 
(10) recommending for election by the full Board an acting or successor CEO in the event of death, 
incapacity, resignation or other absence (temporary or permanent) of the CEO; 
(11)  overseeing the annual process for evaluating the performance of the CEO (and Chair if applicable) and 
the Lead Independent Director in connection with his or her appointment or re-election; 
(12) overseeing the annual process for evaluating Board and committee performance and effectiveness in 
light of Baxter’s strategic objectives, Baxter’s Corporate Governance Guidelines and each committee 
charter; 
(13) to the extent not delegated to other committees, reviewing matters impacting Baxter’s image and 
reputation and its standing as a responsible corporate citizen; 
(14) overseeing the orientation of new Board members to Baxter and its business as well as the continuing 
education of the directors; 
(15) ensuring compliance with the Board’s overboarding policy for directors; 
(16) reviewing and reassessing at least annually the adequacy of Baxter’s Corporate Governance 
Guidelines; and 
(17) reviewing and approving or ratifying related person transactions in accordance with Baxter’s Corporate 
Governance Guidelines. 
The NCGPP Committee met six times in 2024. 
Quality and Regulatory Compliance Committee 
The QRC Committee is composed of Stephen N. Oesterle, M.D. (Chair), William A. Ampofo, II, Stephen H. 
Rusckowski, Nancy M. Schlichting, Amy A. Wendell and David S. Wilkes, M.D. The QRC Committee has 
oversight responsibility with respect to quality and medical affairs and certain other compliance matters, including 
with respect to quality and regulatory aspects of the company’s research and development programs. 
As provided in its amended charter, the QRC Committee’s duties include: 
(1) overseeing risk management in the area of product quality and safety (including with respect to quality 
and regulatory aspects of the company’s research and development programs); 
(2) reviewing periodic reports on significant compliance matters from senior executives in charge of the 
company’s quality and compliance functions; 
(3) coordinating with the Audit Committee with respect to the QRC Committee’s oversight of quality and 
regulatory compliance issues; and 
(4) reviewing strategic issues and corporate actions relating to current and emerging environmental, health 
and safety and sustainability matters that may affect Baxter business operation, performance or public 
image. 
30
Corporate Governance at Baxter International Inc.
| 2025 Annual Meeting of Stockholders and Proxy Statement

The QRC Committee met five times in 2024.
Operating Committee 
The Operating Committee was formed in February 2025 and is composed of Stephen H. Rusckowski (Chair), 
William A. Ampofo, II, Patricia B. Morrison and Amy A. Wendell. The Operating Committee assists management 
and the Board in reviewing and identifying opportunities for improvement in the company’s plans and strategies 
related to product development, manufacturing, distribution, growth and operating efficiency.  Unless the Board 
should otherwise determine to extend its term, the Operating Committee will dissolve automatically on the date 
that is six months following the Board’s appointment of a permanent CEO.
Director Compensation
Non-employee directors are compensated for their service under Baxter’s non-employee director compensation 
plan with cash compensation and equity awards of fully vested Baxter shares. Baxter’s director compensation 
program utilizes equity awards in order to further align the interests of directors with those of Baxter stockholders.  
No changes were made to the director compensation program for 2024. However, effective beginning in 2025, 
certain committee chair cash retainers have been increased and committee meeting fees have been eliminated, 
as further described below. These changes were made by the Board consistent with the recommendation of the 
CHC Committee and upon the independent compensation consultant's recommendation. They are intended to 
better align the company's director compensation program with market practice. Non-employee director 
compensation is reviewed annually utilizing market data and analyses provided by the CHC Committee’s 
independent compensation consultant. 
Cash Compensation
In 2024, non-employee directors were entitled to receive a $100,000 annual cash retainer and a $2,000 fee for 
each committee meeting attended. Directors that joined during the year were paid their retainer on a pro rata 
basis for the period of service. Directors did not receive additional compensation for each Board meeting 
attended or for attending meetings for committees on which he or she did not sit.  
Beginning in 2025, the annual cash retainer for the Board has been raised to $120,000, and committee meeting 
fees have been eliminated.  Additional market competitive adjustments were made to the retainers of the chairs 
of the QRC and NCGPP Committees, which increased from $15,000 to $20,000 each.  The cash retainer for the 
Lead Independent Director, the Audit Committee chair and the CHC Committee chair remained unchanged from 
2024 at $50,000, $25,000 and $20,000, respectively. In addition, in February 2025, both the Operating 
Committee and CEO Search Working Group were established in connection with the ongoing CEO transition. 
The chairs of each group will be paid a stipend upon the completion of certain events, as discussed in the 
footnotes to the table below. See “—Committees of the Board—Operating Committee” and "—Board 
Responsibilities—Management Succession Planning" for additional information on the Operating Committee and 
CEO Search Working Group, respectively.
Corporate Governance at Baxter International Inc.
31
investor.baxter.com

Cash Compensation:
2024
2025
Annual Cash Retainer
$ 
100,000 $ 
120,000 
Committee Meeting Fee (Per Meeting)
$ 
2,000 $ 
— 
Lead Independent Director Cash Retainer
$ 
50,000 $ 
50,000 
Committee Chair Cash Retainers:
Audit Committee Chair
$ 
25,000 $ 
25,000 
CHC Committee Chair
$ 
20,000 $ 
20,000 
QRC Committee Chair
$ 
15,000 $ 
20,000 
NCGPP Committee Chair
$ 
15,000 $ 
20,000 
Operating Committee Chair1
 NA $ 
20,000 
CEO Search Working Group Chair2
NA $ 
10,000 
1. The chair of the Operating Committee will receive a stipend upon the earlier of (i) the dissolution of the Operating Committee 
(or the date that is six months following the Board’s appointment of a permanent CEO), and (ii) any decision by the Board to 
extend the term of the Operating Committee.
2. The chair of the CEO Search Working Group will be paid a stipend upon the appointment of the permanent CEO.
Non-employee directors are eligible to participate in a deferred compensation plan that allows for the deferral of 
all or any portion of cash payments until their Board service ends. The plan provides participants with a select 
subset of investment elections available to all eligible employees under Baxter’s U.S. tax-qualified Section 401(k) 
plan (401(k) Plan). 
Equity Grant
For 2024, the aggregate value of each non-employee director’s annual equity grant was $215,000. One hundred 
percent (100%) of this grant was made in fully vested Baxter shares on the date of the 2024 annual meeting to 
non-employee directors then in office. All equity awards are subject to a six-month forfeiture period in the event 
the director stops serving on the Board during that period (other than as a result of death, disability or qualifying 
retirement). Each non-employee director can elect to defer receipt of all of his or her fully vested stock awards 
under the deferred compensation plan each year until the director stops serving on the Board.  
Other Director Compensation
Directors are eligible to participate in the Baxter International Foundation matching gift program, under which 
Baxter’s foundation matches gifts made by employees and directors to eligible non-profit organizations. The 
maximum gift total for a director participant in the program is $20,000 in any calendar year. 
Baxter’s Stock Ownership Guidelines for Directors; Prohibitions on Trading
Baxter’s Corporate Governance Guidelines provide that after five years of Board service, each director is 
expected to hold common stock equal to five times the annual cash Board retainer provided to directors. As of 
December 31, 2024, all directors who have served on the Board for at least five years were in compliance with 
these guidelines. 
Pursuant to Baxter’s Securities Trading Policy, Baxter directors are prohibited from engaging in short-term trading 
activities (including hedging) and option transactions in Baxter stock. As a result, directors cannot enter into any 
“put” or “call” options or otherwise buy or sell derivatives on any Baxter stock. Additionally, it is Baxter’s policy not 
to permit directors to pledge Baxter securities as collateral for loans or otherwise as a security interest. 
32
Corporate Governance at Baxter International Inc.
| 2025 Annual Meeting of Stockholders and Proxy Statement

Director Compensation Table 
The following table provides information on 2024 compensation for non-employee directors who served during 
any portion of 2024.
Name
Fees Earned or 
Paid in Cash 
($)1
Stock Awards 
($)2
All Other 
Compensation
($)3
Total
($)
William A. Ampofo II
110,000
214,986
—
324,986
Jeffrey A. Craig4
37,333
136,207
—
173,540
Patricia B. Morrison
130,000
214,986
4,496
349,482
Stephen N. Oesterle, M.D.
137,000
214,986
20,000
371,986
Stephen H. Rusckowski
120,000
214,986
20,000
354,986
Nancy M. Schlichting
140,000
214,986
14,535
369,521
Brent Shafer
172,000
214,986
—
386,986
Cathy R. Smith
145,000
214,986
—
359,986
Amy A. Wendell
120,000
214,986
20,000
354,986
David S. Wilkes, M.D.
122,000
214,986
34,535
371,521
Peter M. Wilver5
153,000
214,986
20,000
387,986
1. Consists of the amounts described above under “—Cash Compensation” above.
2. The amounts shown in this column are valued based on the grant date fair value of the underlying fully vested Baxter share 
awards computed in accordance with the Financial Accounting Standards Board Accounting Standards Codification Topic 
718, Stock Compensation (FASB ASC Topic 718). For more information on how these amounts are calculated, please see 
Note 9 to the Consolidated Financial Statements included in the 2024 Form 10-K. The following non-employee directors 
were granted 5,952 fully vested shares in May 2024: Mr. Ampofo, Ms. Morrison, Dr. Oesterle, Mr. Rusckowski, Ms. 
Schlichting, Mr. Shafer, Ms. Smith, Ms. Wendell, Dr. Wilkes and Mr. Wilver. In connection with Mr. Craig’s appointment to the 
Board in September, 2024, he received 3,472 fully vested shares for his prorated service between his appointment and the 
Annual Meeting. As of December 31, 2024, each current and former non-employee director, as set forth above, had the 
following number of stock options outstanding, all of which were fully vested as of such date: Mr. Ampofo 0; Mr. Craig 0; Ms. 
Morrison 0; Dr. Oesterle 1,060; Mr. Rusckowski 0; Ms. Schlichting 0; Mr. Shafer 0; Ms. Smith 17,868; Ms. Wendell 17,116; 
Dr. Wilkes 0; and Mr. Wilver 0.
3. The amounts in this column include matching gift contributions made by Baxter’s charitable foundation as of March 1, 2025 
on qualifying charitable donations made by the following directors in 2024: Dr. Oesterle ($20,000); Mr. Rusckowski 
($20,000); Ms. Wendell ($20,000); Mr. Wilkes ($20,000); and Mr. Wilver ($20,000). All other amounts in this column include 
the dividend equivalent unit payments made in 2024 on previously deferred restricted stock units (RSUs) pursuant to the 
deferred compensation plan: Ms. Morrison ($4,496); Ms. Schlichting ($14,535); and Dr. Wilkes ($14,535). 
4. Mr. Craig was appointed effective September 9, 2024.
5. Mr. Wilver resigned effective December 31, 2024.
Corporate Governance at Baxter International Inc.
33
investor.baxter.com

Corporate Responsibility
What Corporate Responsibility Means to Baxter
Driven by Baxter’s Mission to Save and Sustain lives, Baxter strives to create lasting value and meaningful 
impact by Empowering our Patients, Protecting our Planet and Championing our People and Communities. 
Baxter’s corporate responsibility strategy focuses on addressing the corporate responsibility matters that affect 
its patients, customers, employees, communities and other critical stakeholders worldwide. 
Advancing Baxter’s corporate responsibility goals contributes to business, social and economic value, including 
the attraction, retention and engagement of employees, enhanced operational efficiency and implementation of 
enterprise risk management strategies, among others. The company remains focused on its 2030 Corporate 
Responsibility Commitment, which features strategic goals for focused action (as discussed in “—2030 Corporate 
Responsibility Commitment and Goals” below). The 2030 Corporate Responsibility Commitment and Goals 
highlight Baxter's corporate responsibility focus and help to further advance Baxter's corporate responsibility 
performance. This commitment, which was established to help drive innovation and create value for the 
company's full range of stakeholders, supports and complements Baxter's business strategy.  Baxter expects to 
announce a refreshed corporate responsibility commitment and goal set after the issuance of the 2024 Corporate 
Responsibility Report (currently projected to be issued in June 2025), either in a separate announcement or as 
part of the 2025 Corporate Responsibility Report. This timing should allow for the permanent CEO to have the 
opportunity to review and contribute to Baxter's commitment and goals and for the commitment and goals to 
reflect recent operational and other developments (including the recent Kidney Care sale). 
Management and Board Oversight 
Corporate responsibility matters receive strategic guidance and oversight at the highest levels of the company, 
including Baxter’s Interim CEO, the COO, many of the direct reports of the Interim CEO and COO and other 
functional leaders, the Board and the CHC, NCGPP and QRC Committees. An executive cross-functional 
steering committee (the Corporate Responsibility Steering Committee) provides direction and oversight regarding 
the company’s corporate responsibility initiatives and advances Baxter’s corporate responsibility strategy and 
culture. The Corporate Responsibility Steering Committee meets or receives updates quarterly to monitor 
policies, action plans and strategies and other matters of significance to Baxter’s reputation as a socially 
responsible organization. The Corporate Responsibility Steering Committee also provides guidance to the 
Corporate Responsibility Council (the Council). The Council, composed of cross-functional leaders, meets 
throughout the year to (i) track progress toward Baxter’s 2030 Corporate Responsibility Commitment and Goals 
and deliver regular updates to the Corporate Responsibility Steering Committee, (ii) solicit and review 
stakeholder input on Baxter’s corporate responsibility programs, priorities, goals and disclosures, as well as 
broader industry trends, and (iii) periodically lead Baxter’s materiality assessments to help validate the direction 
and focus of the company’s corporate responsibility programs. Day-to-day corporate responsibility matters are 
managed by a combination of corporate responsibility goal owners and working group members, which include 
environmental, health, safety and sustainability, operations, human resources, finance, investor relations, legal, 
communications and other personnel depending on the nature of the matter. 
34
Corporate Responsibility
| 2025 Annual Meeting of Stockholders and Proxy Statement

Board of Directors
Quality and Regulatory Compliance Committee             Nominating Corporate Governance and Public Policy Committee
Compensation and Human Capital Committee
Corporate Responsibility Steering Committee*
Chair and Interim CEO     EVP, COO and Interim Group President, Medical Products & Therapies 
EVP and CFO     EVP and General Counsel     EVP, Chief Supply Chain Officer  
EVP and Chief Human Resources Officer     EVP and Group President, Pharmaceuticals
EVP and Group President, Healthcare Systems & Technologies  
SVP, Chief Accounting Officer and Controller     SVP, Chief Quality Officer     SVP, Chief Investor Relations Officer
SVP, Chief Information Officer     SVP, Chief Communications Officer & Corporate Marketing     SVP and Corporate Secretary
SVP, Chief Medical and Scientific Officer     SVP and President, Growth and Emerging Markets
VP, Finance, Financial Planning and Analysis     VP, Audit
Co-Chairs of Corporate Responsibility Council
VP, Environment, Health, Safety and Sustainability             VP, Corporate Responsibility and Global Philanthropy
Corporate Responsibility Council Members and 2030 Goal Leaders
Corporate Responsibility Working Groups
*As of March 13, 2025
To drive further accountability, the individual performance assessment of the Executive Operating Committee, 
which includes all of the Interim CEO’s direct reports and certain of the COO's direct reports, are based as an 
initial matter on the company’s performance against pre-established measures for certain strategic priorities, 
including those related to corporate responsibility. The strategic 2024 priorities that impact the related individual 
assessment are included in three categories: Patient Safety and Quality; Best Place to Work; and Growth 
Through Innovation. See “Executive Compensation—Compensation Discussion and Analysis—Elements of 
Executive Compensation—Annual Incentive Plan—Determination of 2024 Annual Incentive Plan Payouts—
Individual Performance” for additional information. One or more executive leaders are also assigned to each of 
Baxter’s 2030 Corporate Responsibility Goals to help ensure the accountability of cross-functional teams 
responsible for achieving the goals. 
In addition, the Board plays a critical role in corporate responsibility oversight. The full Board receives updates at 
least annually on corporate responsibility matters (including a discussion of related goals and industry trends). 
The QRC Committee and the NCGPP Committee share oversight for corporate responsibility-related matters and 
the CHC Committee oversees certain human capital management matters. The QRC Committee provides 
oversight for issues related to environmental, health and employee safety, sustainability and compliance matters, 
while the NCGPP Committee provides oversight for other areas related to Baxter’s corporate responsibility, 
including charitable contributions, public policy, and other social and governance issues. The CHC Committee 
provides oversight for succession planning for key members of management (other than the Chair and CEO), 
leadership development and inclusion initiatives. See “Corporate Governance at Baxter International Inc.—
Committees of the Board” for additional information regarding the responsibilities of each committee of the 
Board. 
Pursuant to Baxter’s robust stockholder engagement program, Baxter's management and certain directors 
regularly engage in corporate responsibility discussions with many of the company’s investors. Outputs from 
these discussions are shared with the entire Board during Board-wide corporate responsibility updates and with 
the NCGPP Committee as part of its oversight of corporate governance matters generally. See “Corporate 
Governance at Baxter International Inc.—Other Corporate Governance Information—Stockholder Engagement” 
for additional Information.  
Corporate Responsibility
35
investor.baxter.com

2030 Corporate Responsibility Commitment and Goals 
Baxter has a long-standing commitment to responsible operations and corporate responsibility reporting. Baxter 
is ever conscious of its global impact, including with respect to its employees, the communities in which it 
operates and the people who use its products. Setting goals across a broad range of corporate responsibility 
focus areas demonstrates Baxter’s commitment to this important topic, reinforces accountability and helps to 
drive ongoing improvement across the organization. 
Baxter's 2030 Corporate Responsibility Commitment and Goals demonstrate the connection between its 
corporate responsibility initiatives and business priorities. Anchored by three pillars—Empower Our Patients, 
Protect Our Planet and Champion Our People and Communities—this commitment features strategic goals for 
focused action. The company’s corporate responsibility goals align with certain of the United Nations Sustainable 
Development Goals (UN SDGs) and the 2030 Agenda for Sustainable Development, particularly UN SDGs 3 
(good health and well-being), 6 (clean water and sanitation) and 12 (responsible consumption and production). 
Baxter has been consistently recognized by external rankings and ratings organizations as a corporate 
responsibility and sustainability leader. Representative of this recognition, in 2024, Baxter was named one of 
America’s Most JUST Companies by JUST Capital for 2024, one of the 100 Best Corporate Citizens of 2024 by 
3BL Media, a constituent company in the FTSE4Good Index Series, and was listed within the Wall Street 
Journal’s Management Top 250. CDP also scored Baxter for its environmental management with B scores in both 
Climate Change and Water Security for taking coordinated action within these areas. These awards are among 
other regional and country-specific recognitions received by the company across the globe.
Annual Reporting and Disclosures 
Transparent reporting is a longstanding focus for Baxter, as it has more than a 30-year history of publishing 
environmental performance reports. The company’s corporate responsibility disclosures have evolved and 
broadened in scope, generally in line with stakeholders’ significant interests combined with the increasing 
sophistication of Baxter’s corporate responsibility strategy and evolving regulatory requirements. Every year, 
Baxter measures and evaluates its performance, communicates progress and challenges and identifies 
opportunities to drive even greater impact across its business and society. In 2024, Baxter completed a double 
materiality assessment to inform its corporate responsibility strategy and 2030 Corporate Responsibility 
Commitment and Goals and to help address related regulatory reporting requirements. 
Baxter is committed to sharing information about its corporate responsibility initiatives, priorities, goals and 
performance. The annual Corporate Responsibility Report illustrates the company’s commitment to sound 
governance and balanced, transparent disclosure. It also serves as a platform for stakeholder engagement and 
provides an important means for soliciting feedback on the company’s related activities. Since 2019, Baxter has 
published its Sustainability Accounting Standards Board Index in alignment with the Medical Equipment and 
Supplies Sustainability Accounting Standard, and in 2023, Baxter issued its inaugural report against the 
framework established by the Task Force on Climate-related Financial Disclosures. The company elected to 
make these voluntary public disclosures in the interest of providing enhanced corporate responsibility information 
to investors and in response to feedback received during the company’s annual corporate governance outreach 
discussions (as described in “Corporate Governance at Baxter International Inc.—Other Corporate Governance 
Information—Stockholder Engagement”). In addition, the company has published a redacted version of its 2024 
U.S. Employer Equal Opportunity EEO-1 consolidated report on its website. 
Neither the Corporate Responsibility Report nor any other report or website listed herein are incorporated by 
reference into this proxy statement or any other document filed with the SEC. More information about Baxter’s 
corporate responsibility efforts and initiatives, including the 2023 Corporate Responsibility Report, is available on 
Baxter’s website under “Our Story—Corporate Responsibility.” 
36
Corporate Responsibility
| 2025 Annual Meeting of Stockholders and Proxy Statement

Executive Compensation
Advisory Vote to Approve Named Executive Officer 
Compensation for 2024
At the 2023 annual meeting, stockholders recommended that the Board continue 
to hold annual advisory votes approving the compensation of Baxter’s NEOs 
(commonly referred to as “say-on-pay”). The Board determined to follow the 
stockholders’ recommendation and continues to hold annual say-on-pay votes. 
Accordingly, the Board is requesting that stockholders approve, pursuant to a 
non-binding vote, the compensation of the company’s NEOs for 2024 as 
disclosed in this proxy statement.
The Board of Directors recommends a vote FOR approval of the 
compensation of the company’s NEOs for 2024.
In accordance with Section 14A of the Exchange Act, stockholders are being asked to vote on a resolution to 
approve, on a non-binding, advisory basis, the compensation of Baxter’s NEOs for 2024. The Board encourages 
stockholders to carefully review the “—Compensation Discussion and Analysis” section of the proxy statement in 
connection with this advisory vote. The Compensation Discussion and Analysis section describes Baxter’s 
executive compensation program and the decisions made by the CHC Committee and the Board with respect to 
the compensation of the company’s NEOs for 2024. 
The company has designed its executive compensation program to attract, motivate, reward and retain the 
executive talent required to help achieve its corporate and strategic objectives and increase stockholder value. 
As discussed below in the Compensation Discussion and Analysis section, pay-for-performance is the most 
significant structural element of Baxter’s executive compensation program, where the majority of executive pay is 
at risk and is only delivered if specific annual or long-term performance requirements are met. 
In addition, Baxter has adopted policies, like its stock ownership guidelines and its clawback policies, to promote 
the long-term focus of, and appropriate levels of risk-taking by, its executive officers. 
The Board believes that Baxter’s executive compensation program is designed to meet the objectives discussed 
in the Compensation Discussion and Analysis section. Accordingly, the Board recommends that stockholders 
vote in favor of the following resolution: 
RESOLVED, that the stockholders of Baxter International Inc. approve the compensation paid to the 
company’s NEOs for 2024 as described in this proxy statement under “Executive Compensation,” 
including the Compensation Discussion and Analysis, the executive compensation tables and other 
narrative disclosure contained therein.
This say-on-pay advisory vote is non-binding on the Board. Although the vote is non-binding, the Board and the 
CHC Committee will review and thoughtfully consider the voting results when making future decisions concerning 
the compensation of the company’s future NEOs. The company will hold the next say-on-pay advisory vote at the 
2026 annual meeting. 
Executive Compensation
37
investor.baxter.com

Compensation and Human Capital Committee Report 
The CHC Committee is responsible for the oversight of Baxter’s compensation programs on behalf of the Board. 
In fulfilling its oversight responsibilities, the CHC Committee has reviewed and discussed with management the 
Compensation Discussion and Analysis set forth in the proxy statement. 
Based on the review and discussions referred to above, the CHC Committee recommended to the Board that the 
following Compensation Discussion and Analysis be included in the 2024 Form 10-K and the proxy statement, 
each of which has been or will be filed with the SEC. 
Compensation and Human Capital Committee 
Nancy M. Schlichting (Chair) 
Stephen H. Rusckowski 
Amy A. Wendell
Compensation Discussion and Analysis 
This Compensation Discussion and Analysis (CD&A) discusses the 2024 compensation paid to Baxter’s 
executive officers who are identified as NEOs below. The purpose of this discussion is to provide stockholders 
with an understanding of the company’s executive compensation policies and practices and the decisions 
regarding the NEOs’ compensation. 
For 2024, Baxter’s NEOs are: 
Named Executive Officer
Title
José Almeida 1
Former Chair of the Board, President and CEO
Joel Grade 2
Executive Vice President and CFO
Heather Knight 3
Executive Vice President, COO and Interim Group President, 
Medical Products & Therapies
Alok Sonig
Executive Vice President and Group President, Pharmaceuticals
Christopher Toth 4
Former Executive Vice President and Group President, Kidney 
Care
1. Mr. Almeida ceased serving as Chair of the Board, President and CEO, effective on February 3, 2025 and transitioned into a 
non-executive officer role (Special Advisor). Mr. Almeida's employment with Baxter will terminate effective as of October 31, 
2025.
2. Mr. Grade ceased serving as the company's Interim Chief Accounting Officer as of February 21, 2025, and continues to 
serve as the company's Executive Vice President and CFO. 
3. Prior to February 3, 2025, Ms. Knight served as the company’s Executive Vice President and Group President, Medical 
Products & Therapies.
4. Mr. Toth ceased serving as Executive Vice President and Group President, Kidney Care on January 31, 2025 in connection 
with the closing of the sale of that business to certain affiliates of Carlyle on the same date.
The Executive Summary section of this CD&A highlights the following: 
•
2024 Company Results 
•
2022 – 2024 CEO Realizable Pay
•
2024 Say-on-Pay Vote 
•
2024 Executive Compensation Program Actions and Changes 
•
2025 Executive Compensation Program Changes 
•
Compensation Philosophy and Governance Practices 
38
Executive Compensation
| 2025 Annual Meeting of Stockholders and Proxy Statement

The remainder of this CD&A discusses the following: 
•
Structure of Executive Compensation Program 
•
Elements of Executive Compensation 
•
Additional Compensation Governance 
Executive Summary 
2024 Company Results 
Baxter’s 2024 financial results, as calculated for purposes of the 2024 annual incentive plan, reflect the 
company’s improving performance: 
•
Adjusted Net Sales Including Discontinued Operations of $15,181 million, which was 101% of the 
annual incentive target of $15,017 million; 
•
Further Adjusted EPS Including Discontinued Operations of $2.79, which was 95% of the annual 
incentive target of $2.95; and 
•
Adjusted Free Cash Flow Including Discontinued Operations of $501 million, which was 72% of the 
annual incentive target of $700 million. 
See “—2024 Executive Compensation Program Actions and Changes—2024 Annual Incentive Design and 
Performance” below for an overview of Baxter’s 2024 annual incentive plan and “—Elements of Executive 
Compensation—Annual Incentive Plan—Determination of 2024 Annual Incentive Plan Payouts” for a description 
of Adjusted Net Sales Including Discontinued Operations, Further Adjusted EPS Including Discontinued 
Operations and Adjusted Free Cash Flow Including Discontinued Operations (including a description of 
adjustments from the closest GAAP measures to derive these amounts). 
A comparison of the performance of Baxter’s common stock against certain of its peers over the past three and 
five years provides other perspectives on Baxter’s overall performance. 
The graphs below compare the cumulative TSR (including reinvested dividends) on Baxter common stock, the 
Standard & Poor’s 500 Composite Index and the Standard & Poor’s 500 Health Care Index for the three- and 
five-year periods ended December 31, 2024. As set forth below, the TSR for Baxter for the three-year period 
totaled approximately (63%), as compared to 29% for the S&P 500 Composite Index and 3% for the S&P 500 
Health Care Index over the same period. These numbers reflect softness in Baxter stock, which likely reflects the 
company’s reduction in guidance due to certain macroeconomic headwinds and related supply constraints which 
impacted the company’s 2022 earnings results. In addition, the company’s Healthcare Systems & Technologies 
business has underperformed expectations in recent years due to the impact from select operational factors and 
supply constraints. In January 2023, the company began executing on a series of strategic actions to enhance 
future performance, the latest of which was completed on January 31, 2025. These actions included the 
divestiture of two businesses which lowered the company’s overall earnings. These strategic actions have now 
been completed and the company should be well positioned to drive enhanced performance and create 
incremental value for all stakeholders going forward. For the five-year period, the TSR for Baxter totaled 
approximately (61%), as compared to 97% for the S&P 500 Composite Index and 47% for the S&P 500 Health 
Care Index over the same period. These results may be attributable to similar causes.
Executive Compensation
39
investor.baxter.com

Indexed Return Percentage
Three Year TSR
(December 31, 2021 - December 31, 2024)¹
Baxter International Inc.
S&P 500 Composite Index
S&P 500 Health Care Index
Dec-21
Feb-22
Apr-22
Jun-22
Aug-22
Oct-22
Dec-22
Feb-23
Apr-23
Jun-23
Aug-23
Oct-23
Dec-23
Feb-24
Apr-24
Jun-24
Aug-24
Oct-24
Dec-24
30
40
50
60
70
80
90
100
110
120
130
140
1.  TSR calculations (as provided by FactSet) include reinvested dividends. 
Indexed Return Percentage
Five Year TSR
(December 31, 2019 - December 31, 2024)¹
Baxter International Inc.
S&P 500 Composite Index
S&P 500 Health Care Index
Dec-19
Mar-20
Jun-20
Sep-20
Dec-20
Mar-21
Jun-21
Sep-21
Dec-21
Mar-22
Jun-22
Sep-22
Dec-22
Mar-23
Jun-23
Sep-23
Dec-23
Mar-24
Jun-24
Sep-24
Dec-24
40
60
80
100
120
140
160
180
200
220
1.  TSR calculations (as provided by FactSet) include reinvested dividends. 
2022 – 2024 CEO Realizable Pay 
Paying for performance is the foundation of the company’s compensation program, and much of the company’s 
executives’ pay is “at-risk.” Over the past several years, the company has granted a mix of time-based restricted 
stock units (RSUs) and performance share units (PSUs), as well as stock options, to help retain and motivate 
executives to deliver long-term performance. Given that a significant portion of the compensation packages vary 
depending on company performance, oftentimes the grant date value of compensation (as reported annually in 
40
Executive Compensation
| 2025 Annual Meeting of Stockholders and Proxy Statement

the Summary Compensation Table) is not always reflective of the actual realizable pay value that is ultimately 
received by the CEO. 
To illustrate the differences, the company compared Target Compensation (as defined below) and the Summary 
Compensation Table values to Realizable Pay on a year-by-year basis; for this purpose: 
•
“Target Compensation” refers to the sum of target salary, target annual bonus and target long-term 
equity incentive (LTI) grant values, 
•
“Summary Compensation Table” refers to the actual disclosure in the Summary Compensation Table, 
and 
•
“Realizable Pay” refers to the sum of actual salary, actual annual bonus and the potential payout value 
of equity grants, including performance criteria and stock price. 
As shown in the table further below, as of December 31, 2024, Mr. Almeida’s aggregate Realizable Pay was 42% 
of the intended aggregate Target Compensation for years 2022-2024, and 42% of the aggregate Summary 
Compensation Table disclosure for these years, taking into account only such amounts reported under the 
“Salary”, “Bonus”, “Stock Awards”, “Option Awards” and “Non-Equity Incentive Plan Compensation” columns of 
the Summary Compensation Table. This level of Realizable Pay is consistent with the company’s performance 
during those years and the company’s pay-for-performance philosophy, which resulted in a significant amount of 
Mr. Almeida’s compensation being placed “at-risk”.
The graph below is not a substitute for the information required by the 2024 Summary Compensation Table for 
years 2022-2024, which appears on page 62. All values in the graph below are in U.S. Dollars and shown in 
thousands. Realizable Pay reinforces a pay-for-performance linkage as the target economic value of short- and 
long-term incentive opportunities only provide value when meaningful performance is achieved.
$44,335
$44,753
$18,683
$3,900
$3,900
$3,900
$6,435
$4,880
$4,880
$11,500
$11,581
$7,320
$5,500
$5,396
$17,000
$18,996
$2,583
Base Salary
Annual Bonus
Restricted Stock Units
Stock Options
Performance Share Units
Target Compensation
Summary Compensation 
Table
Realizable Pay
$-
$2,500
$5,000
$7,500
$10,000
$12,500
$15,000
$17,500
$20,000
$22,500
$25,000
$27,500
$30,000
$32,500
$35,000
$37,500
$40,000
$42,500
$45,000
Executive Compensation
41
investor.baxter.com

2024 Say-on-Pay Vote 
At the 2024 annual meeting, approximately 80% of the stockholders voting at the meeting approved, in an 
advisory vote, the compensation for Baxter’s NEOs for 2023. As discussed in “Corporate Governance at Baxter 
International Inc.—Other Corporate Governance Information—Stockholder Engagement,” the company engaged 
with select institutional investors to solicit feedback and understand executive compensation concerns after 
completion of the 2024 annual meeting and through early 2025. In direct response to stockholder feedback, the 
company enhanced disclosures in the proxy statement regarding certain elements of its programs, including 
enhancements regarding factors the CHC Committee considers when reviewing executive pay. The Board and 
the CHC Committee value and take into consideration comments received during stockholder outreach 
discussions. 
The CHC Committee and management are committed to continuing to strengthen pay-for-performance 
alignment, as well as the overall design of Baxter’s executive compensation program, informed by stockholder 
feedback obtained from corporate governance outreach discussions. 
2024 Executive Compensation Program Actions and Changes 
Baxter continues to review its executive compensation program based on the company’s operational strategy 
and stockholder feedback. The following outlines: (i) 2024 annual incentive design and performance; (ii) 2024 
annual PSU grant design; and (iii) other 2024 executive compensation actions. 
2024 Annual Incentive Design and Performance
The 2024 annual incentive payout was calculated using the following formula: 
The three applicable financial performance metrics remained unchanged from 2023 to 2024 and included 
Adjusted Net Sales (50% weighting), Further Adjusted EPS (25% weighting) and Free Cash Flow (25% 
weighting). Both the Adjusted Net Sales and Free Cash Flow metrics are also included in the annual incentive 
plans for the eligible broader population at Baxter. For 2024, these measures are referred to as Adjusted Net 
Sales Including Discontinued Operations, Further Adjusted EPS Including Discontinued Operations and Adjusted 
Free Cash Flow Including Discontinued Operations in this proxy statement (to reflect the impacts of the 
discontinued operations treatment of the recent sale of the Kidney Care business).
For 2024, to mitigate the potential challenges around financial target setting due to the proposed separation of 
the Kidney Care business, the performance curves for Adjusted EPS and Free Cash Flow were widened by 10% 
at threshold and 10% at maximum, as shown in the table below.  The CHC Committee reviews these curves 
each year, taking into account unique circumstances when making these determinations. 
 
Threshold
Maximum
 Metric
2023
2024
2023
2024
 Adjusted EPS
90%
80%
110%
120%
 Free Cash Flow
80%
70%
120%
130%
42
Executive Compensation
| 2025 Annual Meeting of Stockholders and Proxy Statement
NEO's Target
Annual Incentive
The Aggregate
Performance Across the
Three Applicable 
Financial Performance
Metrics with a Payout
Range Between
0%-200%
The NEO's 
Individual
Performance 
Assessment
that Ranges 
Between
0%-125%
Annual Incentive 
Payout
X
X
=

No adjustments were made for 2024 to the performance curve for Adjusted Net Sales metric. For all metrics, 
100% achievement will result in target payout.
For 2024, each NEO’s individual performance assessment, as well as that of the broader Executive Operating 
Committee, was initially determined in connection with an assessment of Baxter’s performance against pre-
established measures for key strategic 2024 priorities, which include various corporate responsibility metrics. 
See “—Elements of Executive Compensation—Annual Incentive Plan—Determination of 2024 Annual Incentive 
Plan Payouts” below for details on the 2024 financial and individual performance metric results for each NEO. 
2024 Annual Equity Design
In order to support the stability and focus required of senior leadership in connection with the proposed 
separation of the Kidney Care business, the company made its 2024 annual LTI grant to all equity-eligible 
employees in the form of 100% RSUs, with the exception of Messrs. Almeida and Grade.  Messrs. Almeida and 
Grade each received 50% of their 2024 annual equity grants in the form of RSUs and 50% of their annual equity 
grants in the form of PSUs, as the company recognizes the importance of the CEO and CFO to have a significant 
portion of their equity awards consist of performance-based equity. 
As the proposed Kidney Care separation was known during the planning phase for the 2024 annual grant, setting 
three-year PSU targets to accurately reflect performance before and after the separation was complex. To 
mitigate potential complications of setting these multi-year targets based on internal metrics for Messrs. Almeida 
and Grade in the year in which the Kidney Care separation could have been completed, PSUs granted in 2024 
are wholly based on Baxter’s relative TSR versus the S&P 500 Healthcare Equipment & Services Index.  This 
index is used to measure relative TSR for the company's PSU grants made in 2022 and 2023.  The 2024 PSU 
design is set forth in the table below:
2024 Plan Design
Metric:
Relative TSR
Weighting:
100%
Measurement: Three-year performance period
See “—Elements of Executive Compensation—Long-Term Incentive Plan—2024 Annual LTI Grants” for 
additional detail on Baxter’s 2024 PSU grants. 
2024 Executive Compensation Actions
The following summarizes 2024 compensation actions for NEOs:
•
Base Salary: Mr. Almeida did not receive a salary increase in 2024. As specified in Mr. Toth's offer letter 
dated April 22, 2023, his salary was to remain the same through the business separation of Kidney Care 
and he did not receive a salary increase in 2024.  Mr. Grade, Ms. Knight and Mr. Sonig each received 
salary increases during the 2024 annual compensation cycle. 
•
Annual Incentives: Each NEO received a cash bonus pursuant to the 2024 annual incentive plan, 
funded as explained in "—Elements of Executive Compensation—Annual Incentive Plan—
Determination of 2024 Annual Incentive Plan Payouts".
•
Long-term Incentives: Each NEO received an equity grant during the company's annual cycle in March 
2024.  As explained above, Messrs. Almeida and Grade received their awards with 50% delivered in 
PSUs and 50% in RSUs.  Ms. Knight's and Messrs. Sonig's and Toth's awards were delivered wholly in 
the form of RSUs.  No off-cycle LTI grants were made to NEOs in 2024.
Executive Compensation
43
investor.baxter.com

2022—2024 PSU Performance
The following highlights the performance results for the PSUs granted in March 2022, with a performance period 
of January 1, 2022 to December 31, 2024, which were calculated as follows: 
Performance Metric
Weighting
Threshold
(50%
Payout)
Target
(100%
Payout)
Maximum
(200%
Payout)
Result1
Payout as
a % of
Target
Relative TSR against the TSR 
performance of the companies in the 
S&P 500 Healthcare Equipment & 
Services Index
33-1/3%
35th Percent 
Rank
50th Percent 
Rank
80th Percent 
Rank
6.3rd Percent 
Rank
0%
Adjusted ROIC
33-1/3%
7.7%
9.6%
11.5%
6.5%
0%
Adjusted Net Sales CAGR
33-1/3%
2.6%
4.4%
6.2%
2.6%
0%
Weighted Payout as a % of Target
0%
1. Actual results for Adjusted Net Sales CAGR were slightly below 2.6%, but appear at 2.6% due to rounding conventions.
See “—Elements of Executive Compensation—Long-Term Incentive Plan—2022–2024 PSU Performance” for 
additional detail on PSU performance, including targets and performance ranges. 
2025 Executive Compensation Program Changes
Annual Incentive Plan Design Changes
In November 2024, the CHC Committee approved returning to the prior Free Cash Flow performance curve (80% 
at threshold and 120% at maximum). Given the recent separation of the Kidney Care business, less variability 
should exist in forecasting Free Cash Flow for 2025.  The Adjusted EPS and Adjusted Net Sales performance 
curves are aligned with that of Baxter's peers and were unchanged for 2025.
For 2025, the CHC Committee has selected (i) Patient Safety and Quality and (ii) Growth as the two categories 
for the individual modifier for the Executive Operating Committee, each with an equal 50% weight.  The CHC 
Committee believes that these categories are most important to supplement senior management's annual 
financial goals to promote disciplined focus on a number of key measures (including profitable growth and new 
product development) and drive further accountability.  For more information on the three categories for the 
individual modifier used for 2024, see "—Elements of Executive Compensation—Annual Incentive Plan—
Determination of 2024 Annual Incentive Plan Payouts— Individual Performance".
Long-Term Incentive Design Changes
Now that the Kidney Care separation has been completed, the CHC Committee approved the prior annual equity 
LTI mix, last used in 2023, which is meant to balance performance-based equity while also providing a stable 
retentive value. This mix reflects typical market practice and reinforces the link of pay-for-performance as stock 
options only provide value to the holder if the stock price appreciates. The table below illustrates the 2023, 2024 
and 2025 annual equity grant mixes for the Executive Operating Committee (including the NEOs that are still in 
role).
Equity Type
2023
2024
2025
PSUs:
50%
50% (CEO and CFO only)
50%
Stock Options:
25%
— 
25%
RSUs:
25%
50% (CEO and CFO only) and 100% all other NEOs
25%
44
Executive Compensation
| 2025 Annual Meeting of Stockholders and Proxy Statement

Compensation Philosophy and Governance Practices 
Baxter's compensation program is built on the following principles:
The objectives of the program are to:
Executive Compensation
45
investor.baxter.com
Principles:
Compare competitively to 
companies where Baxter 
competes for executive 
talent. 
Equitably reflect the value 
of each executive's position 
in the market and within the 
company.
Encourage innovation and 
appropriate levels of risk-
taking.
Enhance the company's 
long-term financial and 
stockholder value 
performance. 
Attract, retain and 
motivate high-performing 
executives. 
Recognize company and 
individual performance.
Objectives:
Compensate Baxter's 
executives in a manner that is 
consistent with the above 
principles.
Align the interests of 
management with those of 
stockholders to reflect best 
practices.
Drive sustained and 
superior performance 
relative to the company's 
peers.

What Baxter Does
What Baxter Does Not Do
✓Emphasize company performance. 92% of the 
CEO’s 2024 total target direct compensation and an 
average of 85% of the other NEOs’ 2024 total target 
direct compensation is variable based on Baxter’s 
performance.
✓Align with stockholders. 78% of the CEO’s 2024 total 
target direct compensation and an average of 69% 
of the other NEOs’ 2024 total target direct 
compensation is based on long-term incentives 
aligned with stockholders’ interests.
✓Incorporate corporate responsibility metrics into the 
annual incentive plan. NEOs have shared corporate 
responsibility goals embedded into their 2024 annual 
incentive individual performance assessment 
measured under three categories: (i) Patient Safety 
and Quality (40%); (ii) Best Place to Work (30%) and 
(iii) Growth Through Innovation (30%).
✓Require significant stock ownership. Executive 
officers are subject to certain stock ownership 
requirements and neither unvested PSUs nor 
unexercised stock options (or any portions thereof) 
count towards the requirements.
✓Maintain anti-hedging and anti-pledging stock 
policies for executives and directors. These policies 
reflect good governance and mitigate compensation-
related risk.
✓Allow for clawbacks and forfeitures under the annual 
incentive and long-term incentives based on the 
Mandatory Clawback Policy and Compensation 
Recoupment Policy (including without limitation all 
time-based incentive awards). The company's 
Mandatory Clawback Policy is consistent with Dodd-
Frank requirements and corresponding NYSE listing 
standards and the company's Compensation 
Recoupment Policy extends beyond the applicable 
Dodd-Frank requirements. Various actions can be 
taken under the two policies (or are required to be 
taken, as applicable) with regard to annual and long-
term incentive payouts to executives and other 
incentive-based compensation upon a financial 
restatement or for an employee’s violation of 
restrictive covenants.
✓Pay severance and vest outstanding equity grants 
only upon a “double trigger” in the event of a change 
in control. The “double trigger” requires both a 
change in control and termination of employment by 
the company without cause or by the executive for 
good reason.
X Provide tax gross-ups in the event of a change in 
control. Taxes are each NEO’s sole responsibility.
X Re-price or exchange of underwater stock 
options. The company does not re-price 
outstanding stock options, whether vested or 
unvested, without prior stockholder approval.
X Pay dividend equivalent units (DEUs) on unvested 
RSUs or PSUs. DEUs on RSUs and PSUs in the 
form of additional shares are paid only upon the 
vesting of the underlying RSUs and PSUs with the 
number of DEUs for PSUs based on actual 
company performance.
X Offer excessive perquisites. Executives are 
eligible for a very limited number of perquisites 
that generally meet criteria for efficiency, personal 
health and safety.
46
Executive Compensation
| 2025 Annual Meeting of Stockholders and Proxy Statement

Structure of Executive Compensation Program 
Pay-for-Performance and Total Target Direct Compensation Mix 
Pay-for-performance is the most significant structural element of Baxter’s compensation program, where the 
majority of executive pay is variable and subject to specific annual or long-term performance requirements. As 
shown below for 2024, 92% of Mr. Almeida’s total target direct compensation and 85% of the average total target 
direct compensation for the other NEOs was variable and subject to various performance metrics and company 
stock price performance. 
Named Executive Officer Total Target Direct Compensation1
CEO
Base Salary
8%
Target Bonus
14%
RSUs
39%
PSUs
39%
Other NEOs (on average)
Base Salary
15%
Target Bonus
16%
RSUs
60%
PSUs
9%
Fixed
Variable
Fixed
Variable
8%
92%
15%
85%
1. Percentages are calculated using annual base salary, target annual incentive and target LTI grant values as of December 31, 
2024. 
Peer Group and Use of Peer Group Data 
The CHC Committee uses competitive compensation data from the annual total compensation study of peer 
companies to inform its decisions about overall compensation opportunities and specific compensation elements. 
Additionally, the CHC Committee uses multiple reference points when establishing targeted compensation levels. 
The CHC Committee does not benchmark specific compensation elements or total compensation to any specific 
percentile relative to the peer companies or the broader market. Instead, the CHC Committee applies judgment 
and discretion in establishing targeted pay levels, taking into account not only competitive market data, but also 
factors such as company, business and individual performance, scope of responsibility, critical needs and skill 
sets, leadership potential and succession planning. The CHC Committee also evaluates the compensation 
programs of other companies which, while not in the peer set, have similar characteristics of Baxter’s business 
model, complexity and sophistication. 
Executive Compensation
47
investor.baxter.com

The CHC Committee, with input from its independent compensation consultant, annually reviews the 
Compensation Peer Group to determine the appropriate companies to include. In its review, the CHC Committee 
considers companies with all of the following factors for objectivity: 
•
Publicly-traded, US-based companies, with a focus on healthcare equipment, services and supplies and 
life sciences tools and services indices. 
•
Revenues and market capitalization within a reasonable range of Baxter’s revenue and market 
capitalization. 
•
List Baxter as a peer, are in Baxter’s peer group as selected by a proxy advisory firm or are prevalent 
peers of Baxter’s peer group selected by a proxy advisory firm. 
Based on this review, the annual evaluation resulted in the addition of GE HealthCare Technologies and the 
removal of Thermo Fisher Scientific Inc. for 2024.
For 2024, the Compensation Peer Group is as follows: 
Abbott Laboratories
DENTSPLY Sirona Inc.
Medtronic Public Limited Company
Agilent Technologies, Inc.
Edwards Lifesciences
Quest Diagnostics Incorporated
Becton, Dickinson and Company
GE HealthCare Technologies
Stryker Corporation
Boston Scientific Corporation
Hologic, Inc.
Zimmer Biomet Holdings, Inc.
Danaher Corporation
Intuitive Surgical, Inc.
DaVita Inc.
Laboratory Corporation of America 
Holdings
The median revenue and market capitalization for the Compensation Peer Group was approximately $12.7 billion 
and $41.0 billion, respectively, for the year ended December 31, 2024. Baxter’s revenue of $15.1 billion for the 
year ended December 31, 2024 (net sales including discontinued operations as reported under GAAP for 2024) 
placed Baxter at the 58th percentile of this peer group. Baxter’s market capitalization of approximately $19.6 
billion as of December 31, 2024 placed Baxter at the 28th percentile of this peer group. 
Individual Performance 
The CHC Committee assesses the individual performance and future potential of each company executive officer 
or other key executive (other than the CEO) in making compensation decisions related to base salary, annual 
incentive and annual LTI grant. The independent members of the Board make this determination with respect to 
the CEO. Baxter believes it is important to consider an individual’s performance in assessing compensation and 
not just the company’s financial performance relative to the financial targets in the interest of recognizing how he 
or she performed with respect to his or her individual goals. 
The CHC Committee’s assessment of individual performance and future potential relies on informed judgment 
and requires significant input from the CEO, who reviews the evaluations of each of the other executive officers 
and key executives and shares his or her insights and recommendations with the CHC Committee. Based on that 
input, the CHC Committee assesses how well an executive officer or other key executive fulfilled his or her 
obligations in the past year and such executive officer’s or other key executive’s potential for future contributions 
to Baxter. The assessment of the prior year’s performance focuses on how well the operations or function for 
which an executive officer or key executive is responsible performed during the year. The CHC Committee also 
considers how well an executive officer or key executive performed against his or her performance goals. 
The independent members of the Board are responsible for assessing the CEO’s performance each year and 
making adjustments, if any, to his or her base salary, annual incentive award and annual LTI grant. As part of this 
assessment, they review the extent to which the CEO satisfied his or her goals for the year. This review is 
conducted with the support of the Lead Independent Director and the NCGPP and CHC Committees, which 
oversee the establishment of the CEO’s goals and the annual performance and compensation review process. 
48
Executive Compensation
| 2025 Annual Meeting of Stockholders and Proxy Statement

Elements of Executive Compensation 
See "Proxy Statement Highlights—Performance Highlights—Compensation Design for 2024" for a summary of 
base salary, annual incentive, and LTI grants components of the company's 2024 executive compensation 
program.  Additional general details of the program are provided below.  To help ensure an overall competitive 
total compensation program, executives are also eligible for benefits that are generally available to all 
employees.
Base Salary 
Overview
As discussed above, the CHC Committee (in the case of the NEOs other than the CEO) or the independent 
members of the Board (in the case of the CEO) determine base salaries using competitive compensation data 
from the annual total compensation study of the Compensation Peer Group to inform related decision making. 
The CHC Committee uses multiple reference points when establishing base salaries, and applies judgment and 
discretion, taking into account not only competitive market data, but also factors such as company, business and 
individual performance, scope of responsibility, critical needs and skill sets, leadership potential and succession 
planning. 
2024 Actions 
For 2024, Mr. Almeida’s annual base salary remained at $1,300,000 and Mr. Toth’s annual base salary remained 
at $1,000,000. 
In March 2024, in connection with the annual compensation cycle, Ms. Knight and Messrs. Grade and Sonig 
each received salary increases. In recognition of their continued expanded leadership responsibilities and to 
drive stability during the ongoing transformation of the company, Ms. Knight and Mr. Sonig were provided more 
meaningful salary increases.
The following table provides each NEO’s 2023 and 2024 annual base salary as of December 31, 2023 and 
December 31, 2024, incorporating the increases described above (if any): 
2023 Base 
Salary
2024 Base 
Salary
%
Increase
Mr. Almeida
$ 1,300,000 
$ 1,300,000 
 — %
Mr. Grade
$ 
800,000 
$ 
812,000 
 1.5 %
Ms. Knight
$ 
800,000 
$ 
900,000 
 12.5 %
Mr. Sonig
$ 
725,000 
$ 
800,000 
 10.3 %
Mr. Toth
$ 1,000,000 
$ 1,000,000 
 — %
Annual Incentive Plan
Overview
Similar to base salary, the CHC Committee (or the independent members of the Board, in the case of the CEO) 
determines annual incentive targets using competitive compensation data from the annual total compensation 
study of the Compensation Peer Group to inform related decision making. The CHC Committee applies judgment 
and discretion, taking into account not only competitive market data, but also factors such as company, business 
and individual performance, scope of responsibility, critical needs and skill sets, leadership potential and 
succession planning. The same factors that influence the setting of base salary also influence the establishment 
of annual incentive target awards.
Executive Compensation
49
investor.baxter.com

Annual incentive payouts are calculated using the following formula:
For the 2024 annual incentive plan, consistent with the 2023 plan, the CHC Committee selected Adjusted Net 
Sales, Adjusted EPS and Free Cash Flow as the financial performance metrics for funding the annual incentive 
plan. Baxter placed greater emphasis on Adjusted Net Sales (which is weighted at 50%) as compared to the 
other metrics to recognize the criticality of continuing organic sales growth. The weightings for Adjusted EPS and 
Free Cash Flow continued to be equally weighted for 2024 (at 25% each), as the two metrics remain important 
measures of Baxter’s operational strategy used by stockholders to assess Baxter’s financial performance. All 
three measures for 2024 are referred to in this proxy statement as Adjusted Net Sales Including Discontinued 
Operations, Further Adjusted EPS Including Discontinued Operations and Adjusted Free Cash Flow Including 
Discontinued Operations (to reflect the impacts of the discontinued operations treatment of the recent sale of the 
Kidney Care business). 
See “—Executive Summary—2024 Executive Compensation Program Actions and Changes—2024 Annual 
Incentive Design and Performance” for additional information on changes made to the annual incentive plan and 
individual performance assessment discussion for 2024.
Annual Incentive Target Awards
NEOs’ annual incentive target awards are set within a competitive range for the Compensation Peer Group. 
The 2024 annual incentive target as of December 31, 2024 for each NEO is outlined below. 
The target annual incentive did not change from the prior year for Messrs. Almeida, Grade or Toth.  The annual 
incentive target change for Mr. Sonig was to better align to market for his role.  In connection with her promotion 
to EVP and COO, Ms. Knight received an increase in her annual incentive target for 2025.
NEO
2024 Target Annual
Incentive
as a % of
Base Salary
Mr. Almeida
165%
Mr. Grade
100%
Ms. Knight
105%
Mr. Sonig
100%
Mr. Toth
125%
Determination of 2024 Annual Incentive Plan Payouts
Financial Performance. The tables below provide Adjusted Net Sales Including Discontinued Operations, Further 
Adjusted EPS Including Discontinued Operations and Adjusted Free Cash Flow Including Discontinued 
Operations targets for 2024, as well as actual results for each NEO. The payout for performance in between the 
payout ranges is based on linear interpolation. Given related segment oversight responsibilities, the performance 
for each of Ms. Knight and Messrs. Sonig and Toth was measured on the Adjusted Net Sales Including 
Discontinued Operations for his or her respective segment (which reflect budgeted exchange rates). The 
50
Executive Compensation
| 2025 Annual Meeting of Stockholders and Proxy Statement
NEO's Target
Annual 
Incentive
The Aggregate
Performance Across the
Three Applicable
Financial Performance
Metrics with a Payout
Range Between
0%-200%
The NEO's 
Individual
Performance 
Assessment
that Ranges 
Between
0%-125%
Annual Incentive 
Payout
X
X
=

Adjusted Net Sales Including Discontinued Operations metric for each of Messrs. Almeida and Grade are based 
on overall Baxter results to recognize his enterprise-wide responsibilities. Performance for all NEOs continues to 
be measured on overall Baxter results for Further Adjusted EPS Including Discontinued Operations and Adjusted 
Free Cash Flow Including Discontinued Operations metrics. See "—Individual Performance" beginning on page 
53 for final payout percentages and amounts.
Messrs. Almeida and Grade
2024
Threshold
(50%
Payout)
Target
(100%
Payout)
Maximum
(200%
Payout)
Actual
Achievement
as a % of
Target4
Formulaic 
Payout
as a %
of Target
Company—Adjusted Net 
Sales Including Discontinued 
Operations (in millions)1
$ 
14,266 $ 
15,017 $ 
15,768 $ 
15,181 
 101.1 %
 122 %
Further Adjusted EPS 
Including Discontinued 
Operations2
$ 
2.36 $ 
2.95 $ 
3.54 $ 
2.79 
 94.5 %
 86 %
Adjusted Free Cash Flow  
Including Discontinued 
Operations (in millions)3
$ 
490 $ 
700 $ 
910 $ 
501 
 71.6 %
 53 %
Weighted Financial Formulaic Payout as a % of Target:
 96 %
Ms. Knight 
2024
Threshold
(50%
Payout)
Target
(100%
Payout)
Maximum
(200%
Payout)
Actual
Achievement
as a % of
Target4
Formulaic 
Payout
as a %
of Target
Medical Products & 
Therapies—Adjusted Net 
Sales Including Discontinued 
Operations (in millions)1 
$ 
4,920 $ 
5,179 $ 
5,438 $ 
5,217 
 100.7 %
 115 %
Further Adjusted EPS 
Including Discontinued 
Operations2
$ 
2.36 $ 
2.95 $ 
3.54 $ 
2.79 
 94.5 %
 86 %
Adjusted Free Cash Flow  
Including Discontinued 
Operations (in millions)3
$ 
490 $ 
700 $ 
910 $ 
501 
 71.6 %
 53 %
Weighted 
Financial 
Formulaic 
Payout as a 
% of 
Target:
 92 %
Executive Compensation
51
investor.baxter.com

Mr. Sonig
2024
Threshold
(50%
Payout)
Target
(100%
Payout)
Maximum
(200%
Payout)
Actual
Achievement
as a % of
Target4
Formulaic 
Payout
as a %
of Target
Pharmaceuticals—Adjusted 
Net Sales Including 
Discontinued Operations (in 
millions)1
$ 
2,232 $ 
2,349 $ 
2,467 $ 
2,407 
 102.5 %
 149 %
Further Adjusted EPS 
Including Discontinued 
Operations2
$ 
2.36 $ 
2.95 $ 
3.54 $ 
2.79 
 94.5 %
 86 %
Adjusted Free Cash Flow  
Including Discontinued 
Operations (in millions)3
$ 
490 $ 
700 $ 
910 $ 
501 
 71.6 %
 53 %
Weighted 
Financial 
Formulaic 
Payout as a 
% of 
Target:
 109 %
Mr. Toth
2024
Threshold
(50%
Payout)
Target
(100%
Payout)
Maximum
(200%
Payout)
Actual
Achievement
as a % of
Target4
Formulaic 
Payout
as a %
of Target
Kidney Care—Adjusted Net
Sales Including Discontinued 
Operations (in millions)1
$ 
4,140 $ 
4,358 $ 
4,576 $ 
4,539 
 104.1 %
 183 %
Further Adjusted EPS 
Including Discontinued 
Operations2
$ 
2.36 $ 
2.95 $ 
3.54 $ 
2.79 
 94.5 %
 86 %
Adjusted Free Cash Flow  
Including Discontinued 
Operations (in millions)3
$ 
490 $ 
700 $ 
910 $ 
501 
 71.6 %
 53 %
Weighted Financial Formulaic Payout as a % of Target:
 126 %
1. Adjusted Net Sales Including Discontinued Operations is calculated as the company’s reported net sales (determined in 
accordance with GAAP) using budgeted exchange rates as of January 1, 2024 and including net sales from discontinued 
operations. Company Adjusted Net Sales Including Discontinued Operations, Medical Products & Therapies Adjusted Net 
sales Including Discontinued Operations, Pharmaceuticals Adjusted Net Sales Including Discontinued Operations and 
Kidney Care Adjusted Net Sales Including Discontinued Operations totaled $15.2 billion, $5.2 billion, $2.4 billion and $4.5 
billion, respectively, for 2024. Company net sales from continuing operations, Medical Products & Therapies net sales from 
continuing operations and Pharmaceuticals net sales from continuing operations as reported under GAAP for 2024 totaled 
$10.6 billion, $5.2 billion, and $2.4 billion, respectively. Kidney Care net sales included in Discontinued Operations as 
reported under GAAP for 2024 totaled $4.5 billion. Totals may not foot due to rounding. The company uses net sales at 
budgeted exchange rates as a target under the 2024 annual incentive plan for the same reason that Baxter provides sales 
guidance excluding the impact of foreign currency fluctuations and certain other items—that is, the company believes it 
provides a better perspective on underlying sales growth. The use of budgeted exchange rates also allows Baxter to 
evaluate final performance on the same foreign currency basis that was used for setting the target and establishing the 
budget. 
2. Further Adjusted EPS including Discontinued Operations is calculated as the company's diluted earnings per share 
(determined in accordance with GAAP) as adjusted for special items and including adjusted earnings per share from 
52
Executive Compensation
| 2025 Annual Meeting of Stockholders and Proxy Statement

discontinued operations less  certain operational adjustments to the extent that they were not included in the 2024 adjusted 
earnings per share target. Special items for 2024 totaled $2.3 billion (or $2.1 billion on an after-tax basis), or $4.17 per 
diluted share. These adjustments primarily related to goodwill and long-lived asset impairments, intangible asset 
amortization, business optimization items, separation-related costs, costs associated with European regulations (medical 
devices reporting regulations), Hurricane Helene costs, acquisition and integration costs related to its acquisition and 
integration of Hillrom, legal matters, product related reserves and tax matters. Further Adjusted EPS for the 2024 annual 
incentive plan was further adjusted to remove the impact of certain operational adjustments of $55 million, or $0.11 per 
diluted share. Total GAAP diluted EPS in 2024 was ($1.27). Further adjusted EPS may not foot due to rounding.
3. Adjusted Free Cash Flow including Discontinued Operations is calculated as the company’s operating cash flow calculated 
in accordance with GAAP less capital expenditures. It includes free cash flow from discontinued operations and reflects the 
exclusion of certain income tax payments that were disbursed in the third quarter of 2024 and were included in discontinued 
operations related to the company's former BPS business which was sold in 2023 and certain operational adjustments to the 
extent that they were not included in the 2024 free cash flow target. The company uses free cash flow (rather than operating 
cash flow) as it gives effect to the company’s capital expenditures and better reflects the cash generated by the company 
that may be available for future investment. In 2024, the company’s operating cash flow from continuing operations was 
$819 million and the company incurred $446 million in capital expenditures from continuing operations. The company’s 2024 
operating cash flow from discontinued operations was $200 million and the company incurred $216 million in capital 
expenditures from discontinued operations over that period. Free cash flow for the purposes of the 2024 annual incentive 
plan was further adjusted by excluding $158 million of tax payments related to the company's former BPS business, included 
in discontinued operations in the third quarter of 2024 less $14 million of certain operational adjustments.
4. Level of achievement used to determine funding of the annual incentive may not foot due to rounding. 
Individual Performance. For 2024, each NEO’s individual performance assessment, as well as that of the 
broader Executive Operating Committee, was initially determined in connection with an assessment of Baxter’s 
performance against pre-established measures for key strategic 2024 priorities. This approach is intended to 
further motivate and incentivize the NEOs and broader Executive Operating Committee to meet key 2024 
priorities focused on various strategic areas, including corporate responsibility matters, while continuing to help 
enable the delivery of strong financial results through the financial metrics used to calculate aggregate financial 
performance. 
The strategic 2024 priorities are included in the three categories highlighted below along with the applicable 
weightings used to calculate the overall weighted payout. The payout for each category ranged from a 90% 
payout for threshold performance up to a 110% payout for maximum performance. The initial weighted payout is 
subject to further adjustment for each NEO’s overall individual performance assessment based on individual 
achievements down to a minimum of 0% and up to a maximum of 125%. 
Based on the strategic priority qualitative assessment described below, input from the independent members of 
the Board (in the case of the CEO’s individual performance assessment) and the CHC Committee (for all other 
NEOs), the 2024 individual performance assessment for each NEO (based on the sum of the weightings of the 
related categories and resulting payouts) was reduced as an initial matter from 102.7% to 100%, consistent with 
the negative discretion of the Board. In its review of 2024 performance, the CHC Committee felt that a reduction 
to 100% most accurately represented achievement with respect to these goals.  See below for discussion of 
additional adjustments made to the individual performance assessment made for each NEO.
Executive Compensation
53
investor.baxter.com

Category
Weighting Initial Payout1 
Notable Items2
Patient Safety and Quality (including product 
safety and quality systems)
40%
103%
•  The company met its internal benchmarks 
in key areas such as CAPA (Corrective and 
Preventative Actions) effectiveness and 
product quality, notwithstanding the 
incurrence of certain regulatory actions
Best Place to Work (including effective talent 
management)
30%
100%
•  The company met internal benchmarks in 
manager effectiveness, while it fell slightly 
below the internal benchmark for voluntary 
turnover
Growth Through Innovation (including the 
company’s focus on new product development)
30%
105%
• The company met or exceeded internal 
benchmarks including new product sales 
and the vitality index score, notwithstanding 
that the Kidney Care separation was not 
completed until 2025
Final Weighted Payout as a % of Target for 
NEOs 
100%
 
1. The initial payout for each category ranged from a 90% payout for threshold performance up to a 110% payout for maximum 
performance. The weighted payout is subject to further adjustment for each NEO’s overall individual performance 
assessment based on individual achievements down to a minimum of 0% and up to a maximum of 125%. 
2. Reflects certain notable items in each category, which is not comprehensive of all related goals in each category. 
Taking into account both financial and individual performance, the table below outlines the 2024 annual incentive 
payout for each NEO. It reflects the limited discretion utilized by the CHC Committee for the 2024 annual 
incentive payouts for each NEO to further align their payouts to that of the employees in their respective business 
segments (consistent with the performance of such segments), and for Baxter overall for the CEO and CFO.
  NEO
Base 
Salary
Target 
Annual 
Incentive 
as a % of 
Base 
Salary
Target 
Annual 
Incentive 
Amount
Formulaic 
Weighted 
Financial 
Payout
Adjusted 
Weighted 
Financial 
Payout1
Additional 
Individual 
Performance 
Assessment 
Total 
Annual 
Incentive 
Payout 
Total 
Annual 
Incentive 
Payout as 
a % of 
Target
Mr. Almeida 
$1,300,000
165%
$2,145,000
96%
94%
100%
$2,016,300
94%
Mr. Grade
$812,000
100%
$812,000
96%
94%
110%
$839,608
103%
Ms. Knight
$900,000
105%
$945,000
92%
100%
110%
$1,039,500
110%
Mr. Sonig
$800,000
100%
$800,000
109%
113%
100%
$904,000
113%
Mr. Toth
$1,000,000
125%
$1,250,000
126%
111%
100%
$1,387,500
111%
1. Formulaic weighted payout percentages were adjusted to align payouts to that of the employees in each NEO's respective 
business segment (consistent with the performance of each segment), and for Baxter overall for the CEO and CFO.  Reflects 
the initial individual performance assessment of 100% (based on strategic qualitative assessment described above).
Long-Term Incentive Plan 
Overview
LTI grants are a significant component of each NEO’s compensation package. In 2024, 78% of the total target 
direct compensation provided to the CEO and an average of 69% of the total target direct compensation provided 
to all other NEOs was LTI-based.
The emphasis on LTI grants motivates executives to drive the long-term performance of the company and aligns 
their long-term interests with those of stockholders. This alignment is furthered by requiring executive officers to 
satisfy the stock ownership guidelines discussed in the section below “—Additional Compensation Governance—
Stock Ownership Guidelines for Executive Officers.” 
54
Executive Compensation
| 2025 Annual Meeting of Stockholders and Proxy Statement

Similar to the approach taken with respect to base salaries and the annual incentive target awards, the CHC 
Committee (or the independent members of the Board, in the case of the CEO) determines target annual LTI 
grant values using competitive compensation data from the annual total compensation study of the 
Compensation Peer Group to inform its decisions. The CHC Committee applies judgment and discretion, taking 
into account not only competitive market data, but also factors such as company, business and individual 
performance, scope of responsibility, critical needs and skill sets, leadership potential and succession planning. 
The same factors that influence the setting of base salaries and annual incentive target awards also impact the 
establishment of the target annual LTI grant values. 
2024 Annual LTI Grants
LTI Grant Structure
In order to support the stability and focus required of senior leadership in connection with the proposed 
separation of the Kidney Care business, the company made its 2024 annual LTI grant to all equity-eligible 
employees (including all NEOs, with the exception of Messrs. Almeida and Grade) in the form of 100% RSUs. 
Messrs. Almeida and Grade received 50% of their 2024 annual equity grants in the form of RSUs and 50% of 
their annual equity grants in the form of PSUs, as the company recognizes the importance of the CEO and CFO 
to have a significant portion of their equity awards in performance-based equity. To mitigate potential 
complications of setting multi-year targets in the year in which the Kidney Care separation could have been 
completed, PSUs granted in 2024 are based on Baxter’s relative TSR versus the S&P 500 Healthcare Equipment 
& Services Index.
All NEOs received regular annual LTI equity grants in March 2024, and no off-cycle LTI grants were made to 
NEOs in 2024.  Annual LTI grant values are aligned to market for all individuals and are assessed annually to 
ensure market competitiveness.  In connection with her promotion to EVP and COO, Ms. Knight received an 
increase in her 2025 annual LTI equity grant target value.
  NEO
2024 Target Annual 
LTI Grant Value1
# of PSUs (50% of 
Target Annual LTI 
Grant Value for CEO 
and CFO)2
# of Restricted Stock Units
(50% of Target Annual LTI 
Grant Value for CEO and 
CFO; 100% for All 
Others)3
Mr. Almeida
 
$12,000,000 
142,891
142,891
Mr. Grade
 
$3,600,000 
42,867
42,867
Ms. Knight
 
$4,500,000 
—
107,168
Mr. Sonig
 
$3,500,000 
—
83,353
Mr. Toth
 
$5,000,000 
—
119,076
1. The grant date for the 2024 annual LTI grants was March 6, 2024.
2. Reflects the target number of PSUs granted. The actual number of shares earned, if any, will be determined after the three-
year performance period ending on December 31, 2026. The target number of PSUs is calculated based on the five-day 
average of Baxter’s closing share prices beginning two weeks before the grant date and ending one week prior to the grant 
date (Average Share Price). The target grant value attributable to the 2024 PSUs differs from the value disclosed in the 
Summary Compensation Table and the Grants of Plan-Based Awards table below, which use the accounting values including 
a Monte Carlo valuation for TSR PSUs.
3. The number of RSUs is calculated based on the Average Share Price.
2024 Annual PSU Grants. To mitigate potential complications of setting multi-year targets in the year in which 
the Kidney Care separation could have been completed, yet maintain focus on Baxter’s performance relative to 
its industry peers, PSUs granted in 2024 to Messrs. Almeida and Grade are based on Baxter’s relative TSR 
versus the S&P 500 Healthcare Equipment & Services Index, with the actual payouts ranging between 0% and 
200% of target depending on actual company performance. The performance period is three years and runs 
from January 1, 2024 through December 31, 2026.
Executive Compensation
55
investor.baxter.com

The performance and payout schedule for 2024-2026 relative TSR PSUs, which is aligned with typical peer 
and broad market practice, and is unchanged from prior years, is provided below:
Peer Group Achievement Level
Payout as a %
of Target
80th Percent Rank or higher
 200 %
50th Percent Rank
 100 %
35th Percent Rank
 50 %
Below 35th Percent Rank
 0 %
Payout between each percent rank is based on linear interpolation. Additionally, if Baxter’s TSR is negative at the 
end of the three-year performance period, the maximum PSU payout will be capped at 100%. 
When dividends are paid on Baxter’s common stock, DEUs accrue on unvested PSUs during the performance 
period and are paid out upon vesting of such PSUs based on the number of shares actually earned. 
2024 Annual RSU Grants. All annual RSUs granted to NEOs in 2024 are scheduled to vest ratably over a three-
year period, starting on the first anniversary of the grant date.  
2022—2024 PSU Performance
In February 2025, the CHC Committee certified the final results for PSU awards granted to certain NEOs on 
March 2, 2022 for the performance period of January 1, 2022 through December 31, 2024 (the 2022 PSUs). The 
chart below details the applicable performance metrics, weightings, targets, certified performance results and 
payout as a percentage of target shares. The payout for performance between the ranges is based on linear 
interpolation. Performance below threshold would result in a 0% payout for that performance metric, while 
performance at or above maximum would result in a 200% payout. The CHC Committee did not apply any 
discretion to adjust the final performance achievement for the 2022 PSUs.
Performance Metric
Weighting
Relative TSR against the TSR performance of the companies 
in the S&P 500 Healthcare Equipment & Services Index
33-1/3%
Adjusted ROIC
33-1/3%
Adjusted Net Sales CAGR
33-1/3%
Performance Metric
Weighting
Threshold 
(50% Payout)
Target 
(100% Payout)
Maximum 
(200% Payout)
Result4
Payout as 
a
% of 
Target
Relative TSR against the TSR 
performance of the companies in 
the S&P 500 Healthcare 
Equipment & Services Index1
33-1/3%
35th Percent 
Rank
50th Percent 
Rank
80th Percent 
Rank
6.3rd Percent 
Rank
0%
Adjusted ROIC2
33-1/3%
7.7%
9.6%
11.5%
6.5%
0%
Adjusted Net Sales CAGR3
33-1/3%
2.6%
4.4%
6.2%
2.6%
0%
Weighted Payout as a % of Target
0%
1. The TSR PSUs described in this section are measured for the company and companies in the S&P 500 Healthcare 
Equipment & Services Index based on the following formula: average closing stock price over the last 20 consecutive trading 
days of the performance period end date (December 31, 2024) minus average closing stock price over the last 20 
consecutive trading days immediately preceding the commencement of the performance period (January 1, 2022) plus 
56
Executive Compensation
| 2025 Annual Meeting of Stockholders and Proxy Statement

reinvested dividends divided by average closing stock price over the last 20 consecutive trading days immediately preceding 
the commencement of the performance period. 
2.  Adjusted ROIC (Return on Invested Capital) performance for purposes of this grant is calculated by first determining the 
annual Adjusted ROIC performance target for each of 2022, 2023 and 2024 and then determining the simple average 
Adjusted ROIC performance over the three-year performance period. Adjusted ROIC performance is measured by 
considering each applicable calendar year’s adjusted operating income less adjusted income tax expense, divided by 
average invested capital and adjusted for any business or asset acquisition or divestiture with annualized revenue of greater 
than $75 million at the time of the acquisition or divestiture.  This amount was adjusted for the divestiture of the company's 
BPS business in October 2023 prospectively but includes Adjusted ROIC associated with the company's former Kidney Care 
business, which was divested after year end 2024.
3.  Adjusted Net Sales means “net sales” of the company that shall be (i) computed on a constant currency basis using the 
average foreign exchange rates in each applicable jurisdiction for the calendar year immediately preceding the grant date 
and (ii) adjusted to exclude the revenue for any business or asset acquisition or divestiture with annualized revenue of 
greater than $75 million at the time of the acquisition or divestiture. Adjusted Net Sales CAGR (compound annual growth 
rate) performance for purposes of this grant is calculated by taking the Adjusted Net Sales for the last calendar year of the 
three-year performance period (or 2024) and comparing it against Adjusted Net Sales for 2021, the calendar year 
immediately preceding the grant date. This amount was adjusted to exclude BPS related revenue for the periods following 
the company’s divestiture of that business.
4.  Actual results for Adjusted Net Sales CAGR were slightly below 2.6%, but appear at 2.6% due to rounding conventions.
Considering the performance disclosed above, the table below illustrates the target number of 2022 PSUs and 
final number of shares earned for each NEO eligible to receive PSUs at the time of grant. Messrs. Grade, Sonig 
and Toth joined Baxter after the beginning of this performance cycle and therefore were not eligible for this grant.
  NEO
Target # of PSUs
# of Shares Earned
Mr. Almeida
65,398
0
Ms. Knight
5,351
0
Perquisites
Baxter provides a very limited range of perquisites to its NEOs. While Baxter permits limited personal travel on 
the company aircraft in connection with potential efficiencies and security risk reduction associated with such 
use, all personal aircraft usage for senior executives other than the CEO must be pre-approved by the CEO in 
accordance with the terms of the company’s aircraft policy.  In conjunction with Mr. Almeida's July 2023 amended 
offer letter, as described below, and until February 3, 2025, the Board granted Mr. Almeida the ability to use the 
company aircraft, or if unavailable, charter aircraft, for personal use for up to 50 hours each calendar year. Any 
personal use in excess of the 50 hours each calendar year was reimbursed by Mr. Almeida pursuant to the 
Aircraft Time Sharing Agreement in place between Mr. Almeida and the company and based on rates set by the 
Federal Aviation Regulations. This agreement was terminated as of February 3, 2025. In connection with Mr. 
Shafer’s appointment as Chair and Interim CEO, he has entered into an Aircraft Time Sharing Agreement 
pursuant to which he will reimburse the company for any personal, non-commuting use of the company aircraft.
Additionally, NEOs are eligible for reimbursement of executive physical examinations and related health services. 
Retirement and Other Benefits
Each NEO still employed by Baxter is eligible to participate in Baxter’s U.S. tax-qualified Section 401(k) plan 
(401(k) Plan) on the same terms as all eligible U.S. employees. All eligible employees in the 401(k) Plan are 
eligible to receive immediately vested 100% matching contributions up to 4% of eligible compensation. Eligible 
employees, including NEOs, also receive an additional non-elective 401(k) Plan employer contribution equal to 
3% of eligible compensation. 
Additionally, each NEO still employed by Baxter is eligible to participate in Baxter’s U.S. nonqualified deferred 
compensation plan (Deferred Compensation Plan) on the same terms and conditions as eligible U.S. employees, 
which allows them to accumulate additional retirement savings and tax deferral opportunities beyond the 
Executive Compensation
57
investor.baxter.com

limitations for tax-qualified retirement plans under the Internal Revenue Code of 1986, as amended (the Code). 
The terms of the Deferred Compensation Plan are more fully described below under “Executive Compensation 
Tables—2024 Nonqualified Deferred Compensation Plan.” 
Employment Arrangements, Executive Severance Plan and Change in Control Agreements 
In July 2023, Mr. Almeida entered into an amended offer letter (Almeida Offer Letter) governing the terms and 
conditions of his employment. Under the terms of the Almeida Offer Letter, Mr. Almeida was entitled to receive 
two times base salary and target annual incentive and certain health and welfare benefit coverage in the event 
that his employment with Baxter was terminated by Baxter other than for cause or by Mr. Almeida for good 
reason. In conjunction with the renewal of his offer letter and as discussed above, the Board granted Mr. Almeida 
the ability to use the company aircraft or, if unavailable, charter aircraft, for personal use of up to 50 hours each 
calendar year. Any personal use in excess of the 50 hours each calendar year was to be reimbursed by Mr. 
Almeida pursuant to his Aircraft Time Sharing Agreement and based on rates set by the Federal Aviation 
Regulations. 
In April 2023, Mr. Toth entered into an offer letter. In accordance with the terms of his offer letter, his sign-on cash 
bonus is not subject to repayment as the Kidney Care business had not emerged as a standalone public 
company by December 31, 2024.  Additionally, his onboarding RSU equity grant accelerated as of the same date 
for the same reason.  See "Executive Compensation Tables—Potential Payments Upon Termination or Following 
a Change in Control—Mr. Toth's Offer Letter" for additional details.
For other U.S.-based executives, the company generally executes an offer of employment before an executive 
joins the company and in some cases, a standard offer letter. The offer describes the basic terms of the 
executive’s employment, including his or her start date, title, annual base salary, annual incentive target and 
long-term incentive equity award target. Stock ownership guidelines and perquisites are also included, if 
applicable. Except as described herein with respect to Messrs. Almeida and Toth (who are no longer serving in 
the same roles with the company), the other NEOs have entered into a standard offer letter with the company, 
the material terms of which have been described herein. 
The company maintains an executive severance plan for all U.S.-based executives (other than the CEO) 
(Executive Severance Plan), including Messrs. Grade and Sonig and Ms. Knight. Mr. Toth was a party to the 
Executive Severance Plan prior to completion of the Kidney Care sale on January 31, 2025. If within 12 months 
of an executive’s termination of employment the executive violates any obligations under an employment 
agreement, restrictive covenant or similar agreement, or it is determined that the executive could have been 
terminated for cause, then the executive will be required to repay all amounts received and future payments will 
cease. 
Beginning in February 2023, each NEO became subject to an executive cash severance policy that limits cash 
severance benefits to 2.99 times the sum of the NEO’s base salary plus target annual bonus opportunity. 
Payments cannot exceed this threshold without prior stockholder ratification or approval. 
Additionally, as of December 31, 2024, each NEO was a party to a change in control (CIC) agreement, which 
provides for certain severance payments if Baxter undergoes a CIC and the NEO ceases to be employed. 
Providing for payments in a CIC situation is consistent with market practice and helps to ensure that if a CIC is in 
the best interests of the company’s stockholders (as determined by the Board), the NEOs have appropriate 
incentives to remain focused on their responsibilities before, during and after the transaction without undue 
concern for their personal circumstances. 
For a more detailed discussion of these arrangements, please refer to the information under “Executive 
Compensation Tables—Potential Payments Upon Termination or Following a Change in Control.” 
58
Executive Compensation
| 2025 Annual Meeting of Stockholders and Proxy Statement

Senior Management Transitions and Related Compensation Beginning in February 2025
On February 3, 2025, Baxter announced that Mr. Almeida had ceased serving as Chair, President and CEO 
effective as of the same date (the CEO Transition Date), but would continue serving as Special Advisor through 
October 31, 2025 (the CEO Separation Date).  As part of this announcement, the company announced the 
appointment of Mr. Shafer as Chair and Interim CEO effective as of the CEO Transition Date. In addition, Ms. 
Knight was appointed Executive Vice President, COO and Interim Group President, Medical Products & 
Therapies. 
Below are the related compensation decisions approved by the Board and CHC Committee, as applicable, in 
connection with Mr. Shafer's appointment, Mr. Almeida's separation without cause and Ms. Knight's appointment.
Mr. Shafer:
In order to recognize the significant time and effort required to serve as Chair and Interim CEO, while Mr. Shafer 
holds this position, his compensation will consist of:
•
An annual base salary payable at the rate $108,333.33 per month (equivalent to annualized base salary 
of $1,300,000);
•
A bonus equal to $600,000, payable upon the earlier of a) the six month anniversary of the CEO 
Transition Date (the Interim CEO Term) and b) when the successor CEO begins; and
•
An equity award with a target grant value of $2,500,000 made in RSUs on February 5, 2025, that will 
vest upon the completion of the Interim CEO Term.
Mr. Shafer is also eligible to use the company aircraft, or, if unavailable, charter aircraft for any required business 
and commuting travel to company offices.  The company will reimburse Mr. Shafer to make him whole for any 
taxes he incurs in connection with taxable income allocated to him based on his commuting travel (which 
includes any taxes payable in connection with any tax gross up paid to him).  As discussed in "—Elements of 
Executive Compensation—Perquisites," Mr Shafer has entered into an Aircraft Time Sharing Agreement pursuant 
to which he will reimburse the company for any personal, non-commuting use of the company aircraft.
The terms of Mr. Shafer's offer letter were structured to align with market practice and developed in consultation 
with the CHC Committee's independent compensation consultant.
Mr. Almeida:
In connection with his separation, Mr. Almeida’s outstanding equity awards will continue to vest in accordance 
with their terms through the CEO Separation Date, and, subject to his compliance with certain release 
requirements, he will receive a lump-sum separation payment equal to $6,890,000, payable no later than 60 days 
following the CEO Separation Date.  This amount is equivalent to what Mr. Almeida would have received had he 
been terminated without “Cause” under the provisions of the Almeida Offer Letter.
As compensation for services performed as Special Advisor during the period between the CEO Transition Date 
and the CEO Separation Date, Mr. Almeida will receive a salary based on an annual rate of $650,000 and 
continue to be eligible for the company’s health benefits. Mr. Almeida will not be eligible to receive any bonus 
under the 2025 annual incentive plan or any LTI awards for his service during 2025. The company will also 
arrange to provide him and his dependents health insurance benefits substantially similar to those provided to 
him and his dependents immediately prior to the CEO Separation Date for a period of 24 months following the 
CEO Separation Date (Post-Separation Health Benefits).
Ms. Knight:
Executive Compensation
59
investor.baxter.com

In connection with her appointment as Executive Vice President, COO and Interim Group President, Medical 
Products & Therapies, effective as of the CEO Transition Date, Ms. Knight’s (i) annual target bonus under the 
MICP increased to 110% and (ii) annual target LTI award under the LTI plan increased to $5,000,000.
Additional Compensation Governance 
Risk Assessment of Compensation Policies and Practices 
With the assistance of the CHC Committee’s independent compensation consultant, the CHC Committee 
reviewed Baxter’s material compensation policies and practices and concluded that these policies and practices 
do not create risks that are reasonably likely to have a material adverse effect on the company. The key features 
of the executive compensation program as well as incentive and commission arrangements below the executive 
level that support this conclusion include: 
•
appropriate pay philosophy, peer group and market positioning; 
•
effective balance in cash and equity mix, short- and long-term focus, corporate, business unit and 
individual performance focus and financial and non-financial performance measurement and discretion; 
and 
•
meaningful policies that mitigate risk, such as the stock ownership guidelines and recoupment policies 
discussed below. 
Stock Ownership Guidelines for Executive Officers 
In order to align their long-term economic interests with those of stockholders, executive officers are required to 
own a certain amount of Baxter stock within five years of becoming an executive officer. 
Stock Ownership Requirements by Role:
Role
Stock Ownership 
Guideline Minimum 
(Multiple of Base Pay)
CEO
6x
All Other NEOs Still In Role
4x
Below summarizes the types of equity that are included and excluded from the stock ownership guideline 
requirement: 
Equity Type
Included
Excluded
Unexercised Stock Options (Vested or 
Unvested)
X
Shares retained from a stock option exercise
X
RSUs (Vested or Unvested or DEUs)
X
PSUs (Vested and Certified)
X
PSUs (Unvested)
X
Shares purchased through the Employee 
Stock Purchase Program
X
Shares purchased on the open market
X
As of December 31, 2024, Mr. Almeida had met his stock ownership requirements and Messrs. Grade, Sonig, 
and Toth and Ms. Knight, while not yet subject to this ownership requirement as they have been executive 
officers with the company for less than five years, were, using reasonable assumptions, on track to achieve his or 
her stock ownership objective within the prescribed time frame. 
60
Executive Compensation
| 2025 Annual Meeting of Stockholders and Proxy Statement

This requirement, like the Mandatory Clawback Policy and Compensation Recoupment Policy discussed below, 
helps to align the interests of the executive officers with those of the company’s stockholders and help ensure 
appropriate levels of risk-taking by executive officers.
Prohibitions on Trading; No-Hedging
Baxter has adopted a Securities Trading Policy governing the purchase, sale and/or other disposition of the 
company’s securities by, among others, its directors, officers and employees, as well as by the company itself, 
that is reasonably designed to promote compliance with insider trading laws, rules and regulations and NYSE 
listing standards. Pursuant to Baxter’s Securities Trading Policy, all company employees (regardless of role or 
title), directors, consultants, contract workers, temporary staff worldwide, and, in certain instances, former 
directors and employees, together with their family members, are prohibited from directly or indirectly 
participating in certain trading activities with respect to company securities that by their nature are aggressive or 
speculative or may give rise to an appearance of impropriety. Such prohibited activities include:
•
Same-day or short-term trading (i.e., “day trading”) of company stock. 
•
Selling company stock that the seller does not own or a sale that is completed by delivery of borrowed 
company stock (i.e., a “short sale”). 
•
Purchasing or holding company securities on margin. 
•
Pledging company securities as collateral for a loan. 
•
Entering into any derivative (including purchasing, selling or writing put or call options, forward 
contracts, “equity” or “performance” swaps or any similar agreements denominated in company 
securities) or similar transactions with respect to company securities. 
Prior to effecting most transactions in company securities, certain executive officers, directors and other company 
employees who are routinely exposed to information that would necessarily be considered material (such as 
certain financial information or important press releases) before it is released to the public must first obtain pre-
clearance of the transaction from the Corporate Secretary or General Counsel. A copy of the Securities Trading 
Policy is filed as Exhibit 19 to the 2024 Form 10-K.
Recoupment Policies; Non-Competition Agreement Clawback 
Baxter has a Mandatory Clawback Policy, applicable to executive officers, and a Compensation Recoupment 
Policy, applicable to all employees, including executive officers (together, the Recoupment Policies). The 
Mandatory Clawback Policy is consistent with the SEC’s adoption of rules to implement Section 954 of the Dodd-
Frank Wall Street Reform and Consumer Protection Act of 2010 and corresponding NYSE listing standards and 
provides for the recoupment of erroneously awarded incentive-based compensation received by current and 
former executive officers (as defined in Rule 10D-1 of the Exchange Act), including the NEOs, during the three 
completed fiscal years immediately preceding the date that Baxter is required to prepare an accounting 
restatement. The Compensation Recoupment Policy applies to all payments under Baxter’s incentive plans as 
well as all LTI grants (including without limitation all time-based incentive awards) to any person, including 
executives (including all NEOs). Under the Compensation Recoupment Policy, following any restatement of the 
company’s financial results or where a participant violates a restrictive covenant contained in any agreement, the 
Board (with respect to executives (including all NEOs)) or the CEO (with respect to all other persons) will review 
the facts and circumstances related to the violation and take any actions it deems appropriate under the 
Compensation Recoupment Policy, including recovery, reduction or forfeiture of all or part of any annual incentive 
or any previously awarded LTI grant (or to be awarded LTI grant), disciplinary actions and the pursuit of any other 
remedies. The company made no such recoupments under the Recoupment Policies in 2024. 
Additionally, all LTI participants, including the NEOs, are required to execute updated non-competition, non-
solicitation and confidentiality agreements (the Non-Competition Agreement). All LTI participants who execute a 
Non-Competition Agreement, including the NEOs, are subject to a clawback provision in the event a participant 
violates the terms of the Non-Competition Agreement following a termination of employment for any reason. In 
the event of any such violation, all unvested LTI grants (including grants that would otherwise have vested if the 
participant were retirement eligible) are immediately forfeited. Additionally, in that case, all LTI grants that vested 
Executive Compensation
61
investor.baxter.com

or became exercisable within the 12 months prior to the termination date that have not otherwise been sold or 
exercised are cancelled and the shares are returned to the company and any gain from the sale or exercise of 
any LTI grant that vested within 12 months prior to the termination date is subject to repayment.
62
Executive Compensation
| 2025 Annual Meeting of Stockholders and Proxy Statement

Executive Compensation Tables 
2024 Summary Compensation Table 
The following table shows compensation provided to the NEOs for the years indicated below. 
Name and
Principal Position
Year
Salary
($)1
Bonus
($)2
Stock
Awards
($)3
Option
Awards
($)4
Non-Equity
Incentive
Plan
Compensation
($)5
All Other
Compensation
($)6
Total
José E. Almeida
2024
 1,300,000  
—  14,319,107  
—  
2,016,300 
435,608  18,071,015 
Former Chair of the Board, 
President and Chief Executive 
Officer
2023
 1,300,000  
—  7,527,469  2,635,170  
2,187,900  
136,132  13,786,671 
2022
 1,300,000  
—  8,730,301  2,760,487  
675,675  
121,773  13,588,236 
Joel Grade
2024
 810,000  500,000  4,295,702  
—  
839,608  
62,238  6,507,548 
Executive Vice President and Chief 
Financial Officer
2023
 164,384  
—  3,636,661  
902,897  
167,671  
4,608  4,876,222 
Heather Knight
2024
 883,333  
—  4,607,152  
—  
1,039,500  
66,505  6,596,490 
Executive Vice President, Chief 
Operating Officer and Interim Group 
President, Medical Products & 
Therapies
2023
 791,507  
—  2,395,122  
838,466  
771,091  
64,057  4,860,243 
Alok Sonig
2024
 787,500  
—  3,583,345  
—  
904,000  
70,961  5,345,806 
Executive Vice President and Group 
President, Pharmaceuticals
2023
 725,000  
—  1,710,802  
598,904  
794,568  
36,759  3,866,033 
Christopher Toth
2024
 1,000,000  
—  5,119,077  
—  
1,387,500  
78,224  7,584,801 
Former Executive Vice President 
and Group President, Kidney Care
2023
 586,301  3,200,000  4,385,140  
—  
730,238  
738,636  9,640,315 
1. Amounts shown in this column represent base salary actually earned in the applicable year. For additional information 
regarding each NEO’s salary for 2024, see “Compensation Discussion and Analysis—Elements of Executive Compensation
—Base Salary—2024 Actions.” 
2. The amount shown for 2024 represents a $500,000 cash sign-on bonus for Mr. Grade, in connection with his hiring to (i) 
compensate for equity awards from his former employer that were scheduled to vest in the near term and (ii) increased costs 
associated with traveling to his work location in Deerfield, Illinois.  The amount shown for 2023 for Mr. Toth represents a 
$3,200,000 cash sign-on bonus in connection with his hiring, to compensate Mr. Toth for (i) a portion of equity awards from 
his former employer that were scheduled to vest in the near term, as well as (ii) loss of bonus with his former employer, and 
(iii) increased costs due to his work location in Deerfield, Illinois prior to his permanent relocation.
3. Amounts shown for 2024 represent the grant date fair value of TSR PSUs granted in 2024 (to Messrs. Almeida and Grade 
only) and the grant date fair value of RSUs granted in 2024 (to all NEOs). Amounts shown for 2023 represent the grant date 
fair value of TSR PSUs, Adjusted ROIC PSUs and Adjusted Net Sales CAGR PSUs granted in 2023, and the grant date fair 
value of RSUs granted in 2023. Amounts shown for 2022 represent the grant date fair value of TSR PSUs, Adjusted ROIC 
PSUs and Adjusted Net Sales CAGR PSUs granted in 2022, and the grant date fair value of RSUs granted in 2022. PSU 
awards reflect the grant date fair value computed in accordance with FASB ASC Topic 718. Refer to Note 9 to the 
Consolidated Financial Statements included in the 2024 Form 10-K for a discussion of how grant date fair value of PSU 
awards were calculated. DEUs accrue on the unvested PSUs included in this table but are paid only if the underlying awards 
vest. The grant date fair value for the maximum performance of the PSUs granted in 2024 is as follows: $8,176,223 for Mr. 
Almeida, and $2,452,850 for Mr. Grade. For further information on these awards, see the “—2024 Grants of Plan-Based 
Awards” table.
4. Amounts shown in this column represent the value of Baxter stock options based on the grant date fair value computed in 
accordance with FASB ASC Topic 718. For more information on how these amounts are calculated, please see Note 9 to the 
Consolidated Financial Statements included in the 2023 Form 10-K. For further information on these awards, see the “—
2024 Grants of Plan-Based Awards” table.
Executive Compensation
63
investor.baxter.com

5. Amounts shown in this column represent annual incentives paid for performance in the applicable year. The methodology 
applied in determining the annual incentive amounts earned by the NEOs is discussed under “Compensation Discussion and 
Analysis—Elements of Executive Compensation—Annual Incentive Plan.” 
6. Amounts shown in this column represent (i) the dollar value of term life insurance premiums paid by the company on behalf 
of Messrs. Almeida, Grade, Sonig and Toth, and Ms. Knight; (ii) the cost related to executive physicals for Messrs. Toth and 
Sonig and Ms. Knight (iii) contributions made by the company to the 401(k) Plan for Messrs. Almeida, Grade, Sonig and Toth 
and Ms. Knight; and (iv) contributions made by the company to the Deferred Compensation Plan for Messrs. Almeida, 
Grade, Sonig and Toth, and Ms. Knight. Deferred Compensation Plan and 401(k) Plan contributions on behalf of Messrs. 
Almeida, Grade, Sonig and Toth and Ms. Knight include an additional employer contribution equal to 3% of eligible 
compensation as a result of their ineligibility to participate in, or accumulate additional benefits under, the company’s pension 
and supplemental pension plans. This additional employer contribution is made to all eligible U.S. employees and 
attributable to 2024 but was credited to accounts in February 2025. Mr. Toth also received $3,148 in relocation benefits (and 
$2,503 in additional related gross up benefits) in 2024 related to the sale of his home and relocation to Kidney Care's current 
headquarters in Deerfield, Illinois in preparation for the proposed separation of the Kidney Care business segment. Mr. 
Almeida received $315,839 in value related to use of company aircraft under his personal 50-hour allotment, as described in 
the Almeida Offer Letter.  The amount shown reflects actual expenses incurred during the personal 50-hour allotment, 
including the cost of fuel, crew travel expenses, security, parking, facility, concessions and after-hours fees.
The following table quantifies the amounts paid to each NEO in 2024 for the components discussed above that exceed the 
greater of $25,000 or 10% of the total amount of perquisites and personal benefits for that NEO:
 
Personal 
Aircraft 
Usage 
Allowance 
($)
Deferred 
Compensation 
Contributions 
($)
Mr. Almeida
 
315,839  
94,287 
Mr. Grade
 
—  
42,103 
Ms. Knight
 
—  
35,736 
Mr. Sonig
 
—  
37,054 
Mr. Toth
 
—  
41,557 
64
Executive Compensation
| 2025 Annual Meeting of Stockholders and Proxy Statement

2024 Grants of Plan-Based Awards 
The following table summarizes grants of plan-based awards to NEOs in 2024.
Name
Grant Date
CHC 
Committee 
Approval 
Date
Estimated Future Payouts
Under Non-Equity Incentive
Plan Awards
Estimated Future Payments
Under Equity Incentive 
Plan Awards
All Other
Stock
Awards:
Number
of Shares
of Stock
or Units
(#)(1)
Grant
Date Fair
Value of
Stock
and
Option
Awards
($)
Threshold
($)
Target
($)
Maximum
($)
Threshold
(#)
Target
(#)
Maximum
(#)
Mr. 
Almeida
Annual 
Incentive2
0
2,145,000
5,362,500
RSU Grant
3/6/2024
2/12/2024
142,891
6,142,884
2024 PSU 
Grant3
3/6/2024
2/12/2024
71,446
142,891
285,782
8,176,223
Mr. Grade
Annual 
Incentive2
0
812,000
2,030,000
RSU Grant
3/6/2024
2/12/2024
42,867
1,842,852
2024 PSU 
Grant3
3/6/2024
2/12/2024
21,434
42,867
85,734
2,452,850
Ms. 
Knight
Annual 
Incentive2
0
945,000
2,362,500
RSU Grant
3/6/2024
2/12/2024
107,168
4,607,152
Mr. Sonig
Annual 
Incentive2
0
800,000
2,000,000
RSU Grant
3/6/2024
2/12/2024
83,353
3,583,345
Mr. Toth
Annual 
Incentive2
0
1,250,000
3,125,000
RSU Grant
3/6/2024
2/12/2024
119,076
5,119,077
1. RSUs are scheduled to vest ratably (33-1/3% per year) over the three-year vesting period beginning on the grant date.
2. The amounts shown represent award opportunities under Baxter’s 2024 annual incentive plan at threshold, target and 
maximum payouts incorporating both financial and individual performance. The threshold, target and maximum incentive 
opportunity for financial performance is 50% of target, 100% of target and 200% of target, respectively. The financial 
performance is multiplied by a NEO’s individual performance assessment, which ranges between 0%—125% and is based 
as an initial matter on the company’s performance versus key 2024 strategic priorities, including various corporate 
responsibility matters as discussed in “Compensation Discussion and Analysis—Elements of Executive Compensation—
Annual Incentive Plan—Determination of 2024 Annual Incentive Plan Payouts—Individual Performance". The actual annual 
incentive paid to each NEO for 2024 performance is reported in the “Non-Equity Incentive Plan Compensation” column in the 
Summary Compensation Table.
3. PSUs granted to Messrs. Almeida and Grade in 2024 will be paid out in shares of Baxter common stock based on 
performance against relative TSR during the three-year performance period ending on December 31, 2026. For more 
information on how these payouts are determined, please see “Compensation Discussion and Analysis—Elements of 
Executive Compensation— Long-Term Incentive Plan—2024 Annual LTI Grants—LTI Grant Structure—2024 Annual PSU 
Grants”.
Executive Compensation
65
investor.baxter.com

Outstanding Equity Awards at 2024 Fiscal Year-End
The following table summarizes equity awards outstanding for the NEOs as of December 31, 2024.
Mr. 
Almeida 10/28/2015  
720,000 
 
37.25 
10/28/2025
3/2/2017  
534,759 
 
50.77 
3/2/2027
3/1/2018  
373,435 
 
66.31 
3/1/2028
2/28/2019  
342,933 
 
74.73 
2/28/2029
3/20/2020  
381,437 
 
75.75 
3/20/2030
3/3/2021  
348,483 
 
77.15 
3/3/2031
3/2/2022  
101,064  
50,532  
85.23 
3/2/2032
3/1/2023  
93,815  
187,630  
39.06 
3/1/2033
3/2/2022
 
11,659  339,988 
3/1/2023
 
47,331  1,380,182 
3/6/20246
 139,310  4,062,279 
3/2/2022
 
—  
— 
3/1/2023
 141,995  4,140,578 
3/6/2024
 
72,638  2,118,138 
Mr. 
Grade
12/1/2023  
34,091  
68,182  
36.55 
12/1/2033
12/1/2023
 
19,239  561,022 
12/1/2023
 
17,315  504,917 
3/6/2024
 
43,583  1,270,874 
12/1/2023
 
51,945  1,514,721 
3/6/2024
 
21,791  
635,437 
Ms. 
Knight
2/28/2019  
18,861 
 
74.73 
2/28/2029
3/1/2019  
20,000 
 
75.84 
3/1/2029
3/20/2020  
20,979 
 
75.75 
3/20/2030
3/3/2021  
21,780 
 
77.15 
3/3/2031
3/2/2022  
16,538  
8,269  
85.23 
3/2/2032
Option Awards
Stock Awards
Name
Grant Date
Number of 
Securities 
Underlying 
Unexercised 
Options 
Exercisable 
(#)
Number of 
Securities 
Underlying 
Unexercised 
Options 
Unexercisable 
(#)1
Option 
Exercise 
Price
($)
Option 
Expiration 
Date
Number 
of Shares 
or Units 
of Stock 
That 
Have Not 
Vested
(#)2
Market 
Value of 
Shares or 
Units of 
Stock 
That 
Have Not 
Vested
($)2
Equity 
Incentive 
Plan 
Awards: 
Number 
of 
Unearned 
Shares, 
Units or 
Other 
Rights 
That 
Have Not 
Vested
(#)3,4,5
Equity 
Incentive 
Plan 
Awards: 
Market or 
Payout 
Value of 
Unearned 
Shares, 
Units or 
Other 
Rights That 
Have Not 
Vested
($)3,4,5
66
Executive Compensation
| 2025 Annual Meeting of Stockholders and Proxy Statement

3/1/2023  
29,850  
59,701  
39.06 
3/1/2033
3/2/2022
 
3,817  111,292 
3/1/2023
 
15,060  439,160 
3/6/2024
 108,957  3,177,200 
3/2/2022
 
—  
— 
3/1/2023
 
45,180  1,317,450 
Mr. 
Sonig
9/1/2022  
17,069  
8,535  
56.76 
9/1/2032
3/1/2023  
21,321  
42,644  
39.06 
3/1/2033
9/1/2022
 
6,250  182,256 
3/1/2023
 
10,758  313,694 
3/6/2024
 
84,745  2,471,159 
3/1/2023
 
32,272  
941,053 
Mr. 
Toth7
6/1/2023
 
74,158  2,162,436 
3/6/2024
 121,064  3,530,235 
Option Awards
Stock Awards
Name
Grant Date
Number of 
Securities 
Underlying 
Unexercised 
Options 
Exercisable 
(#)
Number of 
Securities 
Underlying 
Unexercised 
Options 
Unexercisable 
(#)1
Option 
Exercise 
Price
($)
Option 
Expiration 
Date
Number 
of Shares 
or Units 
of Stock 
That 
Have Not 
Vested
(#)2
Market 
Value of 
Shares or 
Units of 
Stock 
That 
Have Not 
Vested
($)2
Equity 
Incentive 
Plan 
Awards: 
Number 
of 
Unearned 
Shares, 
Units or 
Other 
Rights 
That 
Have Not 
Vested
(#)3,4,5
Equity 
Incentive 
Plan 
Awards: 
Market or 
Payout 
Value of 
Unearned 
Shares, 
Units or 
Other 
Rights That 
Have Not 
Vested
($)3,4,5
1. The chart below represents stock options scheduled to vest as follows (as of December 31, 2024). 
Name
March 
2025
September 
2025
December 
2025
March 
2026
December 
2026
Totals
Mr. Almeida
144,347
—
—
93,815
—
238,162
Mr. Grade
—
—
34,091
—
34,091
68,182
Ms. Knight
38,119
—
—
29,851
—
67,970
Mr. Sonig
21,322
8,535
—
21,322
—
51,179
Mr. Toth
—
—
—
—
—
—
2. The amounts in this column represent unvested RSU awards. Amounts shown in this column also include DEUs accrued on 
the unvested RSUs. The market value is based on the closing price of Baxter common stock on December 31, 2024 
($29.16). These RSUs were scheduled to vest as follows as of December 31, 2024 and excluding DEUs accrued on the 
unvested RSUs.
Executive Compensation
67
investor.baxter.com

Name
March 
2025
June 
2025
September 
2025
December 
2025
March 
2026
June 
2026
December 
2026
March 
2027
Totals
Mr. Almeida
75,191
—
—
—
70,258
—
—
47,631 193,080
Mr. Grade
14,289
—
—
17,725
14,289
—
17,727
14,289
78,319
Ms. Knight
46,490
—
—
—
42,923
—
—
35,723 125,136
Mr. Sonig
32,927
—
5,869
—
32,927
—
—
27,785
99,508
Mr. Toth
39,692
35,453
—
—
39,692
35,453
—
39,692 189,982
3. For the grants made on March 2, 2022, amounts represent the actual number and value of shares of common stock that an 
NEO would have received under the 2022 PSU grant based on performance of relative TSR, Adjusted ROIC and Adjusted 
Net Sales and related DEUs, as of December 31, 2024. The final payout under the 2022 PSUs was 0% of target, which is 
reflected in the number above following CHC Committee certification in February 2025. The market value of the PSUs 
included in these columns is based on the closing price of Baxter common stock on December 31, 2024 ($29.16). 
4. For the grants made on March 1, 2023, amounts represent the target number and value of shares of common stock that an 
NEO would receive under the 2023 PSU grant based on performance of relative TSR, Adjusted ROIC and Adjusted Net 
Sales and related DEUs as of December 31, 2024. The 2023 PSUs are scheduled to vest following CHC Committee 
certification after the end of the three-year performance period (December 31, 2025) in early 2026. The market value of the 
PSUs included in these columns is based on the closing price of Baxter common stock on December 31, 2024 ($29.16).
5. For the grants made on March 6, 2024 to Messrs. Almeida and Grade, amounts represent the threshold number and value of 
shares of common stock and related DEUs that an NEO would receive under the 2024 PSU grant based on performance of 
relative TSR as of December 31, 2024. The 2024 PSUs are scheduled to vest following CHC Committee certification after 
the end of the three-year performance period (December 31, 2026) in early 2027. The market value of the PSUs included in 
these columns is based on the closing price of Baxter common stock on December 31, 2024 ($29.16).
6. Because Mr. Almeida qualified for the company's equity retirement provisions, accelerated Federal Insurance Contributions 
Act  taxes were due on his RSU grants in the year of grant.  For his 2024 RSU grant, Mr. Almeida chose to satisfy this 
obligation by having RSUs withheld.  As a result, as of December 31, 2024, his RSUs that have not vested are less than the 
number of RSUs granted in the Grants of Plan-Based Awards Table.
7. As specified in his offer letter, the remaining unvested RSUs from Mr. Toth's June 1, 2023 RSU grant had their vesting 
accelerated to December 31, 2024. See “Compensation Discussion and Analysis—Elements of Executive Compensation—
Employment Arrangements, Executive Severance Plan and Change in Control Agreements” for additional information 
regarding Mr. Toth’s onboarding RSU equity grant. The amounts set forth for Mr. Toth do not reflect the impact of the Kidney 
Care sale on January 31, 2025, at which time his unvested RSUs were partially accelerated and partially converted into 
replacement Carlyle awards in accordance with the terms of the related equity purchase agreement.
2024 Option Exercises and Stock Vested 
The following table sets forth stock options exercised and RSUs and PSUs that vested in 2024 for the NEOs.
Option Awards
Stock Awards
Name
Number of 
Shares 
Acquired on 
Exercise
(#)
Value 
Realized on 
Exercise
($)
Number of 
Shares 
Acquired on 
Vesting
(#)
Value 
Realized on 
Vesting
($)1
Mr. Almeida
 
—  
— 
 
67,400  2,758,031 
Mr. Grade
 
—  
— 
 
18,276  
613,173 
Ms. Knight
 
—  
— 
 
26,522  
991,948 
Mr. Sonig
 
—  
— 
 
11,456  
450,213 
Mr. Toth
 
—  
— 
 
36,469  1,242,857 
1. Amounts represent the market value of Baxter RSU and PSUs (and related DEUs), as applicable, on the date of vesting as 
determined by the closing price of Baxter's common stock on the vesting date.
68
Executive Compensation
| 2025 Annual Meeting of Stockholders and Proxy Statement

2024 Nonqualified Deferred Compensation Plan
Name
Executive 
Contributions in 
2024
($)1
Registrant 
Contributions in 
2024
($)2
Aggregate 
Earnings in 2024
($)3
Aggregate 
Balance at 
December 31, 
2024
($)4, 5
Mr. Almeida
$ 
— $ 
94,287 $ 
131,044 $ 
1,063,806 
Mr. Grade
$ 
39,095 $ 
42,103 $ 
4,589 $ 
67,989 
Ms. Knight
$ 
115,664 $ 
35,736 $ 
103,765 $ 
838,333 
Mr. Sonig
$ 
— $ 
37,054 $ 
326 $ 
15,103 
Mr. Toth
$ 
— $ 
41,557 $ 
153 $ 
7,214 
1. Amounts in this column are included in either the “Salary” or “Non-Equity Incentive Plan Compensation” column of the 
Summary Compensation Table. 
2. Amounts in this column are included in the “All Other Compensation” column of the Summary Compensation Table and 
include company non-matching contributions attributable to 2024 and credited to accounts in February 2025. 
3. Amounts in this column are not included in the Summary Compensation Table as the Deferred Compensation Plan provides 
participants with a subset of investment elections available to all eligible employees under the 401(k) Plan. 
4. Amounts in this column exclude company non-matching contributions attributable to 2024 but not credited to participant 
accounts as of December 31, 2024.
5. The aggregate balance includes amounts previously reported as compensation for the NEOs in the Summary Compensation 
Table for prior years, which are as follows:
Name
Amount 
Previously 
Reported ($)
Mr. Almeida
 
706,625 
Mr. Grade
 
— 
Ms. Knight
 
160,132 
Mr. Sonig
 
13,015 
Mr. Toth
 
7,062 
A participant in the Deferred Compensation Plan may elect to defer a portion of his or her eligible compensation 
(up to 50% of base salary and up to 100% of eligible annual incentive) during the calendar year as long as the 
participant makes such election prior to the beginning of the calendar year. For NEOs, eligible compensation 
under the Deferred Compensation Plan includes base salary and any annual incentive. Participants in the 
Deferred Compensation Plan may select from a subset of investment elections available to all eligible employees 
under the 401(k) Plan, which are described in greater detail below. Amounts in a participant’s account are 
adjusted upward or downward to reflect the investment return that would have been realized had such amounts 
been invested in the investments selected by the participant. Participants may elect to change their investment 
elections daily. Baxter is also required to match contributions to the Deferred Compensation Plan up to 4% of a 
participant’s eligible compensation in the same manner as under the 401(k) Plan. Any participant who either was 
hired after December 31, 2006, or elected not to continue to accrue benefits in the pension plan, receives a 
company contribution equal to 3% of his or her eligible compensation in excess of the compensation that is 
recognized in the 401(k) Plan, regardless of whether the participant is otherwise eligible to elect to defer a portion 
of his or her compensation. Deferrals under the plan are not recognized in calculating benefit pay under Baxter’s 
welfare benefit plans and result in lower compensation recognized for company matching under the 401(k) Plan. 
Participants may elect to be paid distributions either in a lump sum payment or in annual installment payments 
over two to 15 years. Distributions will be paid in the first quarter of the plan year following such participant’s 
termination of employment unless such participant is a “specified employee” as defined in Section 409A of the 
Executive Compensation
69
investor.baxter.com

Code. No distributions will be paid in connection with the termination of a specified employee until at least six 
months following such termination and any amounts that would have otherwise been paid during such six-month 
period shall be accumulated and paid in a lump sum, without interest, at the expiration of such period. 
The table below lists the available investment options under the Deferred Compensation Plan and their annual 
return as of December 31, 2024.
Name of Fund
Annual Rate of 
Return as of 
December 31, 
2024
Stable Income Fund
 2.53 %
S&P 500 Equity Index Fund
 25.01 %
International EAFE Fund
 3.89 %
Extended Equity Market Index Fund
 16.85 %
Potential Payments Upon Termination or Following a Change in Control 
The narrative and tables below describe the potential payments to each NEO upon certain terminations, 
including following a CIC event. All information described in this section is presented as if the triggering events 
took place on December 31, 2024 (other than with respect to Messrs. Almeida and Toth who no longer serve as 
executive officers of the company). 
Mr. Almeida’s Amended Offer Letter 
In July 2023, Mr. Almeida entered into the Almeida Offer Letter (as described above in “Compensation 
Discussion and Analysis—Elements of Executive Compensation—Employment Arrangements, Executive 
Severance Plan and Change in Control Agreements”). The Almeida Offer Letter provided for Mr. Almeida’s 
annual base salary, target annual incentive and target LTI opportunity, which amounts were subject to adjustment 
by the independent members of the Board in accordance with the terms of the Almeida Offer Letter. He was 
eligible to receive benefits to the same extent and on the same terms as those benefits provided to other senior 
executives of the company, such as health, disability, insurance and retirement benefits. 
The Almeida Offer Letter provided Mr. Almeida with the right to receive cash severance equal to two times base 
salary and target annual incentive in the event of an involuntary termination without cause or termination with 
good reason. Good reason means a voluntary termination within 180 days of the occurrence of any of the 
following events (provided notification is given to the company within 90 days and the company fails to cure the 
related event within 30 days): assignment of any duties inconsistent with the executive status as a senior 
executive officer of the company; material reduction in annual base salary; material change in the location of the 
executive’s principal place of employment greater than 50 miles; failure to pay any portion of current 
compensation or nonqualified deferred compensation; or any material breach of the Almeida Offer Letter. 
In addition, beginning with Mr. Almeida’s 2020 annual LTI grant and for all subsequent annual LTI grants, Mr. 
Almeida was eligible to receive retirement treatment when he attained 60 years of age (as opposed to 65 years 
of age), which benefit provides for continued vesting of his stock option, RSU and PSU grants and a longer 
period of time to exercise his outstanding stock options. 
Prior to the CEO Transition Date, Mr. Almeida, like the other NEOs, was eligible for certain payments in the event 
of his termination for good reason or involuntary termination without cause following a CIC, which is described in 
greater detail below.
On February 1, 2025, the company and Mr. Almeida entered into a letter agreement (the Almeida Letter 
Agreement), pursuant to which his service as Chair of the Board, President and CEO ceased as of the CEO 
70
Executive Compensation
| 2025 Annual Meeting of Stockholders and Proxy Statement

Transition Date and on the CEO Transition Date, he transitioned into the role of Special Advisor and will continue 
employment in this role through the CEO Separation Date.
In accordance with the terms of the Almeida Letter Agreement, Mr. Almeida’s outstanding equity awards will 
continue to vest in accordance with their terms through the CEO Separation Date, and, subject to his compliance 
with certain release requirements, he will receive a lump-sum separation payment equal to $6,890,000, payable 
no later than 60 days following the CEO Separation Date. This amount is equivalent to what Mr. Almeida would 
have received had he been terminated without “Cause” under the provisions of the Almeida Offer Letter.
Mr. Toth’s Offer Letter 
In connection with his hiring, Mr. Toth entered into an offer letter on April 22, 2023.  On December 31, 2024, in 
accordance with the terms of his offer letter, Mr. Toth's onboarding RSU grant accelerated and his obligation to 
repay any portion of his sign-on cash bonus was terminated as the Kidney Care separation had not been 
completed as of that date. See “Compensation Discussion and Analysis—Elements of Executive Compensation
—Employment Arrangements, Executive Severance Plan and Change in Control Agreements” for additional 
information.
Executive Severance Plan 
The company maintains an Executive Severance Plan, which covers all U.S.-based executives, presidents and 
vice presidents, including Messrs. Grade and Sonig and Ms. Knight. Mr. Toth was covered by the Executive 
Severance Plan prior to the completion of the sale of the Kidney Care business on January 31, 2025. Mr. 
Almeida was not a participant in the Executive Severance Plan as he was entitled to receive related benefits 
under the Almeida Offer Letter.
The Executive Severance Plan provides for various severance payments upon an involuntary termination for any 
reason other than due to death, disability, or for cause. Cause means the willful and continued failure to 
substantially perform the executive’s duties that has not been cured within 30 days or the willful engaging by the 
executive in conduct which is demonstrably and materially injurious to the company or its subsidiaries, monetarily 
or otherwise. Upon a qualifying involuntary termination, Messrs. Grade and Sonig and Ms. Knight would be 
entitled to the following: 
•
a cash payment generally equal to 1.5x the aggregate amount of the executive’s annual base salary 
and target annual incentive for the year in which termination occurs; 
•
if the executive terminates February 1st or later, a prorated annual incentive determined using the 
number of days worked in the calendar year based on actual company performance and target 
individual performance; 
•
a lump-sum cash payment equivalent to 18 months of employer benefits costs (if enrolled at the time of 
termination); and 
•
outplacement expense reimbursement in an amount not to exceed $35,000.
All benefits under the Executive Severance Plan are reduced by any amount paid or provided to an executive 
under any other applicable plan or arrangement providing for a payment upon a termination of employment, 
including but not limited to, statutory severance or other termination pay arrangements, any CIC payments, or 
payments associated with individual employment or retention agreements, but not including payments associated 
with any LTI grants. 
Additionally, if within 12 months of an executive’s termination of employment: (i) the executive violates any 
obligations under an employment agreement, restrictive covenant or similar agreement; or (ii) it is determined 
that the executive could have been terminated for cause, then the executive will be required to repay all amounts 
received and future payments will cease. All payments and other benefits under the Executive Severance Plan 
are subject to the timely execution of a general release of claims in favor of the company and the expiration of 
the period of revocation for such release. 
Executive Compensation
71
investor.baxter.com

LTI Grants
Outstanding LTI grants to the NEOs are governed by the terms and conditions and applicable plan, which are the 
Baxter International Inc. 2011 Incentive Plan, the Baxter International Inc. 2015 Incentive Plan and the Baxter 
International Inc. Amended and Restated 2021 Incentive Plan. The table below outlines the vesting treatment of 
LTI grants upon various scenarios under each plan.
Death or Disability
Stock Options
All unvested stock options vest upon death 
or Disability with a participant having the 
lesser of five years from the death or 
Disability date, or 10 years from the grant 
date to exercise.
RSUs
All unvested RSUs vest upon death or 
Disability.
PSUs
All unvested PSUs vest upon death or 
Disability based on target company 
performance.
Disability means (i) as defined in any 
employment, consulting or similar 
agreement; or (ii) in the absence of any 
such employment, consulting or similar 
agreement, a condition entitling the 
participant to receive benefits under a 
long-term disability plan of the company in 
which such participant is eligible to 
participate, or, in the absence of such a 
plan, the complete and permanent inability 
of the participant by reason of illness or 
accident to perform the duties of the 
occupation at which the participant was 
employed or served when such disability 
commenced.
Voluntary or 
Involuntary 
Termination
Stock Options
All unvested stock options forfeit upon a 
voluntary or involuntary termination with a 
participant having the lesser of 90 days or 
10 years from the grant date to exercise. 
However, if a participant is “retirement 
eligible,” then all stock options granted in 
years prior to the year of termination vest 
on their original vesting dates and stock 
options granted in the year of termination 
are prorated based on the number of 
months worked in the year of termination 
and vest on their original vesting dates. 
Retirement eligible participants have the 
lesser of five years from the termination 
date or 10 years from the grant date to 
exercise.
RSUs
All unvested RSUs forfeit upon a voluntary 
or involuntary termination. However, if a 
participant is “retirement eligible,” then all 
RSUs granted in years prior to the year of 
termination vest on their original vesting 
dates and RSUs granted in the year of 
termination are prorated based on the 
number of months worked in the year of 
termination and vest on their original 
vesting dates.
To qualify as retirement eligible, a 
participant must terminate employment (for 
any reason other than disability, death or 
for cause) at a time when the participant is 
55 years of age or older with at least 10 
years of continuous service, or 65 years of 
age with no consideration for service.
As of December 31, 2024, Mr. Almeida 
was the only NEO who was retirement 
eligible based on the terms of the Almeida 
Offer Letter.
Scenario
Vesting Treatment
Definitions
72
Executive Compensation
| 2025 Annual Meeting of Stockholders and Proxy Statement

PSUs
All unvested PSUs forfeit upon a voluntary 
or involuntary termination. However, if a 
participant is “retirement eligible,” then all 
PSUs granted in years prior to the year of 
termination vest upon certification of the 
performance results and PSUs granted in 
the year of termination are prorated based 
on the number of months worked in the 
year of termination and vest upon 
certification of the performance results. In 
all cases, PSUs are subject to actual 
company performance for the full 
performance period.
Qualifying Termination
Following a CIC
Stock Options
All unvested stock options immediately 
vest upon a “qualifying termination” within 
24 months following a CIC (unless the 
stock options are not assumed in the 
transaction).
RSUs
All unvested RSUs immediately vest upon 
a “qualifying termination” within 24 months 
following a CIC (unless RSUs are not 
assumed by the acquirer in the 
transaction, in which case they will vest on 
the closing of the transaction).
PSUs
All unvested PSUs immediately vest upon 
a “qualifying termination” within 24 months 
following a CIC (unless PSUs are not 
assumed by the acquirer in the 
transaction, in which case they will vest on 
the closing of the transaction). The PSUs 
vest assuming target company 
performance.
A qualifying termination includes an 
involuntary termination of employment for 
any reason other than death, disability or 
cause or termination for good reason (as 
defined in the CIC Agreement).
CIC or change in control is defined as (i) 
the acquisition by any person of more than 
30% of company common stock; (ii) 
individuals who, on the grant date, 
constitute the Board cease for any reason 
to constitute at least a majority of the 
Board unless the appointment is approved 
by 2/3 of the Board; (iii) a merger or 
consolidation of the company; or (iv) the 
sale, transfer or other disposition of all or 
substantially all company assets.
Scenario
Vesting Treatment
Definitions
As described above under “Compensation Discussion and Analysis—Additional Compensation Governance—
Recoupment Policies; Non-Competition Agreement Clawback”, all LTI participants, including the NEOs, are 
required to execute a Non-Competition Agreement. All LTI participants who execute a Non-Competition 
Agreement, including the NEOs, are subject to a clawback provision in the event a participant violates the terms 
of the Non-Competition Agreement following a termination of employment for any reason. In the event of any 
such violation, all unvested LTI grants (including grants that would otherwise have vested if the participant were 
retirement eligible) are immediately forfeited. Additionally, in that case, all LTI grants that vested or became 
exercisable within the 12 months prior to the termination date that have not otherwise been sold or exercised are 
cancelled and the shares are returned to the company and any gain from the sale or exercise of any LTI grant 
that vested within 12 months prior to the termination date is subject to repayment. 
Executive Compensation
73
investor.baxter.com

Change in Control Agreements 
In July 2020, the company amended its form of CIC agreement (CIC Agreement) on a go forward basis to 
provide reduced CIC benefits with respect to lump sum cash payments, the term of continued health and welfare 
coverage and the value of outplacement services that may be delivered consistent with the CHC Committee’s 
evaluation of evolving market trends. The CIC Agreement provides for certain payments (as described below) in 
the event Baxter undergoes a CIC and the NEO is terminated by the company (other than for cause or as a 
result of death or Disability (as defined in the CIC Agreement)) or the NEO terminates employment for good 
reason during the term (which generally lasts two years and automatically extends each year unless applicable 
notice is provided). Good reason means a voluntary termination within 180 days of the occurrence of any of the 
following events (provided notification is given to the company within 90 days and the company fails to cure the 
related event within 30 days): assignment of any duties inconsistent with the executive status as a senior 
executive officer of the company; material reduction in annual base salary; material change in the location of the 
executive’s principal place of employment greater than 50 miles; failure to pay any portion of current 
compensation or nonqualified deferred compensation; or any material breach of the CIC Agreement. 
In September 2020, Mr. Almeida entered into an amended CIC Agreement, which was subsequently terminated 
effective as of the CEO Transition Date. Mr. Grade entered into this amended form of agreement in connection 
with his hiring and Ms. Knight and Mr. Sonig entered into this amended form of agreement in connection with 
their officer appointments. Mr. Toth entered into a modified version of this form of agreement in connection with 
his hiring, consistent with the terms of certain restrictive covenants contained in his prior employment agreement.  
Mr. Toth's agreement was terminated in connection with the sale of the Kidney Care business on January 31, 
2025. 
Upon a qualifying involuntary termination following a CIC, as of December 31, 2024, the NEOs would have been 
entitled to the following: 
NEO
Lump Sum Cash
Payment Equal to:
Prorated Annual
Incentive for the
Year of
Termination:
Continued Health
and Welfare
Benefit Coverage
Equal to:
Outplacement
Services Not to
Exceed:
Mr. Almeida
2x annual salary and 
target annual incentive
Eligible
Two years
$50,000
Mr. Grade
1.5x annual salary and 
target annual incentive
Eighteen months
$35,000
Ms. Knight
Mr. Sonig
Mr. Toth
Additionally, the CIC Agreement provides that payments may be reduced to avoid excise taxes imposed under 
Section 280G and Section 4999 of the Code if the after-tax benefit to the NEO would be greater than outright 
paying the excise taxes. In all cases, no CIC Agreement provides any NEO with a gross-up payment to cover 
potential excise taxes that may be payable in connection with a CIC. 
In consideration for the benefits provided under the CIC Agreement, each NEO, other than Messrs. Almeida and 
Toth, has agreed to be bound to non-competition and non-solicitation covenants as well as a perpetual non-
disparagement covenant for 18 months from the date of a qualifying termination. Each NEO would be required to 
execute a customary release of claims in favor of the company in connection with any such termination.
The following chart illustrates payments and benefits the NEOs (other than Mr. Toth) would have received upon 
the occurrence of various separation scenarios, including a qualifying termination within two years following a 
CIC, an involuntary termination without cause and death or disability, in each case, assuming such event 
occurred as of December 31, 2024. In the event that an NEO is involuntarily terminated with cause or voluntarily 
74
Executive Compensation
| 2025 Annual Meeting of Stockholders and Proxy Statement

terminates for good reason (except for Mr. Almeida and other than in connection with a CIC), the executive would 
not be entitled to receive any severance payments or LTI vesting. Under the Almeida Offer Letter, Mr. Almeida 
was entitled to receive certain severance payments in the event of his termination without cause or for good 
reason outside of a CIC. No incremental severance payments or LTI vesting occurs (unless a participant is 
retirement eligible) following a voluntary resignation for all NEOs.
Mr. Almeida
Severance Payments1
 
6,890,000  
6,890,000  
— 
Prorated Annual Incentive Payments2
 
2,145,000  
2,016,300  
2,016,300 
Health & Welfare Benefits Coverage
 
49,000  
49,000  
— 
Accelerated Vesting of Equity Awards3
 
16,367,200  
—  
16,367,200 
Outplacement Expenses
 
50,000  
—  
— 
Total
 
25,501,200  
8,955,300  
18,383,500 
Mr. Grade
Severance Payments1
 
2,436,000  
2,436,000  
— 
Prorated Annual Incentive Payments2
 
812,000  
763,280  
763,280 
Health & Welfare Benefits Coverage
 
35,000  
34,000  
— 
Accelerated Vesting of Equity Awards3
 
5,122,407  
—  
5,122,407 
Outplacement Expenses
 
35,000  
35,000  
— 
Total
 
8,440,407  
3,268,280  
5,885,686 
Ms. Knight
Severance Payments1
 
2,767,500  
2,767,500  
— 
Prorated Annual Incentive Payments2
 
945,000  
945,000  
945,000 
Health & Welfare Benefits Coverage
 
30,000  
29,000  
— 
Accelerated Vesting of Equity Awards3
 
5,212,007  
—  
5,212,007 
Outplacement Expenses
 
35,000  
35,000  
— 
Total
 
8,989,506  
3,776,500  
6,157,006 
Mr. Sonig
Severance Payments1
 
2,400,000  
2,400,000  
— 
Prorated Annual Incentive Payments2
 
800,000  
904,000  
904,000 
Health & Welfare Benefits Coverage
 
35,000  
34,000  
— 
Accelerated Vesting of Equity Awards3
 
3,908,162  
—  
3,908,162 
Outplacement Expenses
 
35,000  
35,000  
— 
Total
 
7,178,163  
3,373,000  
4,812,162 
Qualifying Termination 
Following a CIC 
($)
Involuntary Termination 
without Cause
($)
Death or Disability
($)
1. Upon a qualifying termination following a CIC, severance payments reflect two times the sum of the NEO’s base salary plus 
target annual incentive for Mr. Almeida and one and a half times the sum of Messrs. Grade’s and Sonig’s and Ms. Knight’s 
base salary plus target annual incentive, which is provided for under each NEO’s CIC Agreement.  Upon an involuntary 
termination without cause, Mr. Almeida’s severance payments, which were governed by the Almeida Offer Letter, would have 
been equal to the benefits provided under his CIC Agreement. Additionally, Mr. Almeida was eligible for severance payments 
under his Almeida Offer Letter upon a termination for good reason. Messrs. Grade and Sonig and Ms. Knight are covered 
under the Executive Severance Plan, which provides each will receive 1.5 times the sum of base salary plus target annual 
incentive following an involuntary termination without cause.   
Executive Compensation
75
investor.baxter.com

2. Reflects the pro rata 2024 annual incentive, which each NEO would be eligible to receive. Upon an involuntary termination 
without cause and death or disability, the amount reflects actual 2024 financial performance and target individual 
performance. Upon a qualifying termination following a CIC, the amount reflects target financial and individual performance. 
3. Amounts reflect the “in-the-money” value of unvested stock options, if applicable, which is the difference between the 
applicable share price and the exercise price, and the value of unvested PSUs assuming target performance and applicable 
DEUs. All amounts are based on the closing stock price on December 31, 2024 ($29.16). 
In connection with Mr. Almeida's separation, and pursuant to the Almeida Letter Agreement, (i) his outstanding 
equity awards will continue to vest in accordance with their terms through the Separation Date, (ii) Mr. Almeida will 
receive a lump-sum separation payment equal to $6,890,000 (equal to what Mr. Almeida would have received had 
he been terminated without “Cause” under the provisions of the Almeida Offer Letter), payable no later than 60 
days following the CEO Separation Date, and (iii) the company will arrange to provide him and his dependents 
Post-Separation Health Benefits for a period of 24 months. The Post-Separation Health Benefits will be eliminated 
if Mr. Almeida receives benefits of the same type during the 24 month period following the CEO Separation Date.
Mr. Toth’s employment with the company ceased on January 31, 2025 in connection with the closing of the sale of 
the company's Kidney Care business to certain affiliates of Carlyle on the same date. Pursuant to the related 
equity purchase agreement, (i) effective as of the closing, each outstanding and unvested equity award granted to 
a transferring Baxter employee within the perimeter of the sale (including Mr. Toth) generally vested on a pro rata 
basis, with such pro rata portion computed based on the number of calendar days elapsed from the start of the 
vesting period applicable to such award through January 31, 2025, relative to the total number of calendar days in 
such vesting period, (ii) any such accelerated portion was (or will be) settled within the time period set forth in the 
applicable award agreement (such treatment described in clauses and (i) and (ii), the LTIP Award Treatment) and 
(iii) the purchaser became obligated to grant cash-based replacement awards in respect of the forfeited portion of 
each such award in accordance with the terms and conditions of the equity purchase agreement. Mr. Toth was 
eligible to receive the LTIP Award Treatment as of the closing, and the value of the accelerated vesting of his 
equity awards on a pro rata basis as of such date was equal to $2,196,465.04. Mr. Toth was not eligible to receive 
payments or benefits under his CIC Agreement or the Executive Severance Plan in connection with the sale of the 
Kidney Care business. 
76
Executive Compensation
| 2025 Annual Meeting of Stockholders and Proxy Statement

CEO Pay Ratio 
As required by Item 402(u) of Regulation S-K, the company is providing the following estimated information about 
the relationship between the annual total compensation of its median employee and the annual total 
compensation of Mr. Almeida, Former Chair, President and CEO. 
For the year ended December 31, 2024: 
•
the annual total compensation of the median Baxter employee (identified in accordance with the 
procedures described below) calculated in the same manner as the NEOs in the Summary 
Compensation Table above was $70,331; and 
•
the annual total compensation of Mr. Almeida as reported in the “Total” column of the Summary 
Compensation Table above was $18,071,015. 
Based on this information, the estimated ratio of Mr. Almeida’s annual total compensation for 2024 to the annual 
total compensation of the median Baxter employee in 2024 is 257 to 1. 
The company believes this ratio is a reasonable estimate based on Baxter-specific employee demographics and 
compensation. The company’s ratio may not be comparable to the ratio disclosed by its peer companies due to a 
number of factors, including the geographic distribution of its employees, the nature of the business (products or 
services), the performance of the company and whether and where the company manufactures its own products. 
Given there was no change in the company’s employee population or employee compensation arrangements as 
of December 31, 2024 that the company believes would result in a significant change to the pay ratio disclosure, 
the same median employee was used for the 2024 analysis as was used for the 2023 analysis, as permitted 
under the applicable SEC rules.
To identify the median employee from Baxter’s employee population for the 2023 proxy statement, the company 
analyzed its consistently applied compensation measure—the sum of base salary and target annual incentive 
opportunity—for its approximately 60,000 full-time, part-time, seasonal and temporary employees as of 
November 1, 2023. The company did not utilize any exceptions permitted under the applicable SEC rules to 
exclude any individuals from the total employee population when identifying the median employee. For 
employees outside of the United States, the amounts were converted to U.S. dollars using the applicable 
exchange rates as of November 1, 2023. Based on application of this methodology, the median employee is a 
full-time employee based outside the United States.
Executive Compensation
77
investor.baxter.com

Pay Versus Performance Disclosure 
In accordance with rules adopted by the SEC pursuant to the Dodd-Frank Wall Street Reform and Consumer 
Protection Act of 2010, the company is providing the following disclosure regarding executive compensation for 
the company’s principal executive officer (PEO) and Non-PEO NEOs and company performance for the fiscal 
years listed below. 
Year
Summary
 Compensation 
Table
 Total for
PEO¹
($)
Compensation
 Actually Paid to
 PEO1,2,3
($)
Average
 Summary
 Compensation
 Table Total for
Non-PEO
 NEOs1
 ($)
Average
 Compensation
 Actually Paid
 to Non-PEO
 NEOs1,2,3
 ($)
Value of Initial
 Fixed $100
 Investment
based on:4
Net Income 
(Loss)
 ($ Millions)5
Net Sales
($ Millions)6
TSR 
 ($)
Peer
 Group
 TSR 
 ($)
2024
18,071,015
9,204,471
6,508,661
4,227,617
38.55
146.87
(638)
15,149
2023
13,786,671
10,408,814
5,194,682
3,994,655
49.69
143.18
2,663
14,813
2022
13,588,236
(9,114,999)
6,721,562
14,410
63.62
140.29
(2,421)
14,506
2021
15,634,734
19,600,136
4,853,630
5,588,070
105.26
143.09
1,295
12,146
2020
15,865,396
4,130,682
3,893,864
1,603,952
97.06
113.45
1,110
11,673
1. Mr. Almeida was the company’s PEO for each year presented. The individuals comprising the Non-PEO NEOs for each year 
presented are listed below.
2020
2021
2022
2023
2024
James K. Saccaro
James K. Saccaro
James K. Saccaro
Joel Grade
Joel Grade
Giuseppe Accogli
Giuseppe Accogli
Giuseppe Accogli
James K. Saccaro
Heather Knight
Cristiano Franzi
Cristiano Franzi
Cristiano Franzi
Brian Stevens
Alok Sonig
Sean Martin
Andrew Frye
David Rosenbloom
Cristiano Franzi
Christopher Toth
Heather Knight
Alok Sonig
Christopher Toth
2. The amounts set forth above for compensation actually paid to PEO and non-PEO NEOs (as set forth in the “Compensation 
Actually Paid to PEO” and “Average Compensation Actually Paid to Non-PEO NEOs” columns) have been calculated in 
accordance with Item 402(v) of Regulation S-K and do not reflect compensation actually earned, realized or received by the 
company’s NEOs. These amounts reflect the Summary Compensation Table total with certain adjustments as described in 
footnote 3 below.
3. Compensation actually paid to PEO and non-PEO NEOs (as set forth in the “Compensation Actually Paid to PEO” and 
“Average Compensation Actually Paid to Non-PEO NEOs” columns) reflects the exclusions and inclusions of certain 
amounts for the PEO and the Non-PEO NEOs as set forth below. Related information regarding compensation paid in 2020, 
2021, 2022, and 2023 has not changed from what was included in the company’s 2023 proxy statement and what is set forth 
in the proxy statement, and as such, information for such years has not been included in the following tables. Equity values 
are calculated in accordance with FASB ASC Topic 718. Amounts in the “Exclusion (or Average Exclusion) of Stock Awards 
and Option Awards” columns are the totals from the “Stock Awards” and “Option Awards” columns set forth in the Summary 
Compensation Table. Amounts in the “Exclusion (or Average Exclusion) of Change in Pension Value” columns reflect the 
amounts attributable to the “Change in Pension Value” reported in the Summary Compensation Table. Amounts in the 
“Inclusion (or Average Inclusion) of Pension Service Cost” columns are based on the service cost for services rendered 
during the listed year.
78
Executive Compensation
| 2025 Annual Meeting of Stockholders and Proxy Statement

Year
Summary
Compensation
Table Total for
 PEO 
 ($)
Exclusion of
 Change in Pension
 Value for
PEO 
 ($)
Exclusion of Stock
 Awards and
 Option Awards for
 PEO 
 ($)
Inclusion of
 Pension Service
 Cost for PEO 
 ($)
Inclusion of Equity
 Values for PEO 
 ($)
Compensation
 Actually Paid to
 PEO 
 ($)
2024
18,071,015
—
(14,319,107)
—
5,452,563
9,204,471
Year
Average 
Summary
 Compensation
 Table Total for
Non-PEO 
NEOs 
 ($)
Average 
Exclusion
 of Change in
 Pension Value 
for
Non-PEO NEOs 
 ($)
Average Exclusion
 of Stock Awards
 and Option
 Awards for
Non-PEO NEOs 
 ($)
Average Inclusion
 of Pension Service
 Cost for
Non-PEO NEOs 
 ($)
Average Inclusion
 of Equity Values
 for Non-PEO
 NEOs 
 ($)
Average
 Compensation
 Actually Paid to
Non-PEO NEOs
 ($)
2024
6,508,661
—
(4,401,319)
—
2,120,275
4,227,617
The amounts in the "Inclusion (or Average Inclusion) of Equity Values" columns in the tables above are derived 
from the amounts set forth in the following tables: 
Year
Year-End Fair
 Value of Equity
 Awards
 Granted 
During
 Year That
 Remained
 Unvested as of
 Last Day of
 Year for
 PEO 
 ($)
Change in Fair
 Value from 
Last
 Day of Prior
 Year to Last
 Day of Year of
 Unvested
 Equity
Awards for
 PEO 
 ($)
Vesting-Date
 Fair Value of
 Equity Awards
 Granted 
During
 Year that 
Vested
 During Year for
 PEO
($)
Change in Fair
 Value from 
Last
 Day of Prior
 Year to Vesting
 Date of
 Unvested
 Equity Awards
 that Vested
 During Year for
 PEO 
 ($)
Fair Value at
 Last Day of 
Prior
 Year of Equity
 Awards 
Forfeited
 During Year for
 PEO
($)
Value of 
Dividends or 
Other Earnings 
Paid on Equity 
Awards Not 
Otherwise 
Included for 
PEO 
Total—
Inclusion of
Equity 
Values for
PEO
($)
2024
7,313,162
(2,206,884)
—
346,285
—
—
5,452,563
Year
Average Year-
End
 Fair Value of
 Equity Awards
 Granted During
 Year That
 Remained
 Unvested as of
 Last Day of 
Year
 for Non-PEO
 NEOs 
 ($)
Average 
Change
 in Fair Value
 from Last Day 
of
 Prior Year to
 Last Day of 
Year
 of Unvested
 Equity Awards
 for Non-PEO
 NEOs 
 ($)
Average 
Vesting-
 Date Fair 
Value
 of Equity 
Awards
 Granted During
 Year that 
Vested
 During Year for
Non-PEO 
NEOs
($)
Average 
Change in
 Fair Value from
 Last Day of 
Prior
 Year to Vesting
 Date of 
Unvested
 Equity Awards 
that
 Vested During
 Year for Non-
PEO
 NEOs 
 ($)
Average Fair
 Value at Last
 Day of Prior 
Year
 of Equity 
Awards
 Forfeited 
During
Year for Non-
PEO NEOs
($)
Average Value 
of Dividends or 
Other Earnings 
Paid on Equity 
Awards Not 
Otherwise 
Included for 
Non-PEO 
NEOs 
($)
Total—
Average
Inclusion of
Equity 
Values
for Non-
PEO
NEOs
($)
2024
2,863,495
(392,527)
—
(350,693)
—
—
2,120,275
4. The Peer Group TSR set forth in this table utilizes the S&P 500 Health Care Index which the company also utilizes in the 
stock performance graph required by Item 201(e) of Regulation S-K included in the 2024 Form 10-K. The comparison 
assumes $100 was invested for the period starting December 31, 2019, through the end of the listed year in the company 
and in the S&P 500 Health Care Index, respectively. Historical stock performance is not necessarily indicative of future stock 
performance.
5. The amounts set forth above includes net income (loss) inclusive of discontinued operations.
6. The company determined net sales, inclusive of discontinued operations, to be the most important financial performance 
measure used to link company performance to “Compensation Actually Paid” to the company's PEO and Non-PEO NEOs in 
2024.
Executive Compensation
79
investor.baxter.com

Description of Relationship Between PEO and Non-PEO NEO Compensation Actually 
Paid and Company TSR 
The following chart sets forth the relationship between Compensation Actually Paid to the company's PEO, the 
average of Compensation Actually Paid to the company's Non-PEO NEOs and the cumulative TSR over the five 
most recently completed fiscal years for the company and the S&P 500 Health Care Index TSR.
Compensation Actually Paid 
($ Millions)
Baxter TSR
S&P 500 Health Care Index 
TSR
(12/31/2019 Indexed to $100)
PEO and Average Non-PEO NEO Compensation Actually
Paid Versus TSR
4.1
19.6
(9.1)
10.4
9.2
1.6
5.6
0.0*
4.0
4.2
97.06
63.62
49.69
38.55
113.45
143.09
140.29
143.18
146.87
PEO Compensation Actually Paid
Average Non-PEO NEO Compensation Actually Paid
Baxter International Inc. TSR
S&P 500 Health Care Index TSR
2020
2021
2022
2023
2024
-15
-10
-5
0
5
10
15
20
25
-200
-150
-100
-50
0
50
100
150
200
• Actual Average Non-PEO NEO Compensation Actually Paid for 2022 was $14,410.
80
Executive Compensation
| 2025 Annual Meeting of Stockholders and Proxy Statement
106.26

 
Description of Relationship Between PEO and Non-PEO NEO Compensation Actually 
Paid and Net Income (Loss)
The following chart sets forth the relationship between Compensation Actually Paid to the company's PEO, the 
average of Compensation Actually Paid to the company's Non-PEO NEOs and Baxter's net income (loss) 
inclusive of discontinued operations during the five most recently completed fiscal years.
Compensation Actually Paid
 ($ Millions)
Net Income (Loss) 
($ Millions)
PEO and Average Non-PEO NEO Compensation Actually Paid
Versus Net Income (Loss)
4.1
19.6
(9.1)
10.4
9.2
1.6
5.6
0.0*
4.0
4.2
1,110
1,295
(2,421)
2,663
(638)
PEO Compensation Actually Paid
Average Non-PEO NEO Compensation Actually Paid
Baxter International Inc. Net Income (Loss)
2020
2021
2022
2023
2024
-15
-10
-5
0
5
10
15
20
25
-3,000
-2,000
-1,000
0
1,000
2,000
3,000
• Actual Average Non-PEO NEO Compensation Actually Paid for 2022 was $14,410.
Executive Compensation
81
investor.baxter.com

Description of Relationship Between PEO and Non-PEO NEO Compensation Actually 
Paid and Net Sales 
The following chart sets forth the relationship between Compensation Actually Paid to the company's PEO, the 
average of Compensation Actually Paid to the company's Non-PEO NEOs, and Baxter's net sales during the five 
most recently completed fiscal years.
Compensation Actually Paid 
($ Millions)
Net Sales ($ Millions)
PEO and Average Non-PEO NEO Compensation Actually Paid
Versus Net Sales
4.1
19.6
(9.1)
10.4
9.2
1.6
5.6
0.0*
4.0
4.2
$11,673
$12,146
$14,506
$14,813
$15,149
PEO Compensation Actually Paid
Average Non-PEO NEO Compensation Actually Paid
Baxter International Inc. Net Sales
2020
2021
2022
2023
2024
-15
-10
-5
0
5
10
15
20
25
-12,000
-9,000
-6,000
-3,000
0
3,000
6,000
9,000
12,000
15,000
18,000
• Actual Average Non-PEO NEO Compensation Actually Paid for 2022 was $14,410.
As described in “—Proxy Statement Highlights—Performance Highlights” and in “—Compensation Discussion 
and Analysis—Executive Summary—2024 Company Results,” for purposes of calculating performance under the 
company’s 2024 annual incentive plan, net sales were calculated at budgeted exchange rates as of January 1, 
2024 and include net sales from discontinued operations.  This amount (which is referred to as Adjusted Net 
Sales Including Discontinued Operations in the proxy statement) was $15,181 million for 2024.
The financial performance measures that the company considers to have been the most important in linking 
Compensation Actually Paid to the company's PEO and Non-PEO NEOs to company performance are shown 
below. These measures are not ranked.
•
Net Sales 
•
Adjusted Earnings Per Share 
•
Free Cash Flow 
•
ROIC 
•
Relative TSR
82
Executive Compensation
| 2025 Annual Meeting of Stockholders and Proxy Statement

Option Award Disclosure 
The company provides the following discussion of the timing of option awards in relation to the disclosure of 
material nonpublic information, as required by Item 402(x) of Regulation S-K. The company did not grant any 
stock options to executive officers of the company, including NEOs, in the last completed fiscal year. The equity 
compensation awards have historically included RSUs, PSUs and stock options and the company is returning to 
this mix for NEOs in 2025.
Generally, the company grants equity awards on a predetermined schedule. In February of each year, the CHC 
Committee or, with respect to the CEO’s equity award, the independent members of the Board, review and 
approve the value and amount of the equity compensation to be awarded to executive officers and non-employee 
directors. The grant of approved equity awards then typically occurs in early March, which is usually after the 
filing of the company’s Annual Report on Form 10-K, which is generally filed in mid-February. 
As a result the company does not generally grant stock options during periods in which there is material 
nonpublic information about the company, including outside a “trading window” established in connection with the 
public release of earnings information under the company’s Securities Trading Policy.
The CHC Committee and, with respect to the CEO’s equity award, the independent members of the Board, do 
not take material nonpublic information into account when determining the timing and terms of equity awards. 
Stock options may occasionally be awarded on an off-cycle basis, including to new hires. It is the company’s 
historic practice to grant off-cycle stock option awards on the first trading date in June, September and 
December. 
The company has not timed the disclosure of material nonpublic information to affect the value of executive 
compensation. 
Executive Compensation
83
investor.baxter.com

Audit Matters
Ratification of Appointment of Independent Registered Public 
Accounting Firm for 2025
The Audit Committee of the Board is directly responsible for the appointment, 
retention and oversight of the independent registered public accounting firm retained 
to audit the company’s financial statements. The Audit Committee has appointed 
PricewaterhouseCoopers LLP (PwC) as the independent registered public 
accounting firm for Baxter for 2025.
The Audit Committee recommends a vote FOR the ratification of the 
appointment of PwC as the company’s independent registered public 
accounting firm for 2025.
In accordance with its charter, the Audit Committee of the Board is directly responsible for the appointment, 
compensation (including the negotiation of audit fees), retention and oversight of the independent registered 
public accounting firm retained to audit the company’s financial statements. The Audit Committee has appointed 
PwC as the independent registered public accounting firm for Baxter in 2025. PwC, or its predecessor firm, has 
served as Baxter’s independent registered public accounting firm continuously since 1985. 
Before reappointing PwC as the company’s independent auditor for 2025, the Audit Committee carefully 
considered PwC’s qualifications as an independent registered public accounting firm as well as their prior 
experience auditing Baxter. This included a review of PwC’s performance in prior years, its knowledge of the 
company and its operations (including its experience in connection with the recent sale of the company's Kidney 
Care business) and its reputation for integrity and competence in the fields of accounting and auditing. The Audit 
Committee’s review also included matters required to be considered under rules of the SEC on auditor 
independence, including the nature and extent of non-audit services, to ensure that the provision of such 
services will not impair the independence of the auditors. The Audit Committee expressed its satisfaction with 
PwC in all of these respects. In accordance with SEC rules and PwC policies, the lead partner overseeing the 
company’s engagement rotates every five years and the Audit Committee and its chair are directly involved in 
Baxter’s selection of the lead engagement partner. A new lead partner was assigned to the Baxter account 
beginning in 2025, after consultation with the Audit Committee (including its chair). 
The Audit Committee believes that retaining PwC again in 2025 is in the best interests of the company and its 
stockholders and therefore, the Audit Committee requests that stockholders ratify the appointment. Further, the 
Audit Committee believes that, if handled properly, there are numerous benefits of a long independent auditor 
relationship, including: 
•
more efficient audit due to PwC’s deep understanding of Baxter’s business and accounting policies 
and practices; 
•
efficient fee structures due to PwC’s familiarity with Baxter and industry expertise; and 
•
avoidance of significant costs and disruptions (including Board and management time and 
distractions) that would be associated with retaining a new independent auditor. 
Nonetheless, the Audit Committee is also aware that a long-tenured auditor may be believed by some to pose an 
independence risk. To address these concerns, there are robust safeguards for auditor independence, including: 
•
a strong regulatory framework for auditor independence, including limitations on non-audit services 
and mandatory audit partner rotation requirements; 
84
Audit Matters
| 2025 Annual Meeting of Stockholders and Proxy Statement

•
oversight of PwC that includes regular communication on and evaluation of the quality of the audit 
and auditor independence; 
•
PwC’s own internal independence processes and compliance reviews; 
•
annual assessment of PwC’s qualifications, service quality, sufficiency of resources, quality of 
communications, independence, working relationship with Baxter management, objectivity and 
professional skepticism; 
•
conducting regular private meetings separately with each of PwC and certain members of Baxter 
management at the end of each regularly scheduled Audit Committee meeting; 
•
overseeing the selection of PwC’s new lead engagement partner with each rotation; and 
•
considering periodically whether to conduct a search or request for proposal process for a new 
independent registered public accounting firm. 
If the company’s stockholders do not ratify the appointment of PwC, the Audit Committee may investigate the 
reasons for stockholders’ rejection and may consider whether to retain PwC or appoint another independent 
auditor. Furthermore, even if the appointment is ratified, the Audit Committee may appoint a different 
independent auditor if, in its discretion, it determines that such a change would be in the company’s and its 
stockholders’ best interests. 
One or more representatives of PwC will be present at the Annual Meeting to respond to appropriate questions 
and to make a statement if they so desire. 
Audit Matters
85
investor.baxter.com

Audit Committee Report
Dear Stockholders: 
The Audit Committee is currently composed of three directors, all of whom meet the independence and other 
requirements of the NYSE and Rule 10A-3 of the Exchange Act. Additionally, two Audit Committee members (Ms. 
Smith and Mr. Craig) qualify as an “audit committee financial expert.” The Audit Committee’s responsibilities are 
set out in its charter, which has been adopted by the Board of Directors and is reviewed annually. These 
responsibilities include: (1) reviewing with management, internal audit and the external auditors the adequacy 
and effectiveness of Baxter’s internal controls over financial reporting; (2) reviewing with management Baxter’s 
disclosure controls and procedures; (3) retaining and evaluating the qualifications, independence and 
performance of PwC, the company’s independent registered public accounting firm; (4) approving audit and 
permissible non-audit engagements to be undertaken by PwC; (5) reviewing the scope of the annual external 
and internal audit plans; (6) reviewing and discussing with management and PwC Baxter’s financial statements 
(audited and unaudited), as well as earnings press releases and related information, prior to their filing or 
release; (7) overseeing legal and regulatory compliance as it relates to financial matters; (8) overseeing Baxter’s 
response to cybersecurity incidents involving the company’s IT systems or products and services; (9) holding 
separate executive sessions with PwC, internal audit and management; (10) reviewing guidelines and policies 
governing the process by which Baxter assesses and manages risk; (11) reviewing updates on the company's 
directors' and officers' and property liability insurance policies and related matters; and (12) approving certain 
financing matters, proposed corporate transactions and capital expenditures. 
Management is responsible for the preparation, presentation and integrity of Baxter’s consolidated financial 
statements and Baxter’s internal control over financial reporting. PwC is responsible for performing an 
independent integrated audit of Baxter’s consolidated financial statements and of the effectiveness of Baxter’s 
internal control over financial reporting in accordance with standards of the Public Company Accounting 
Oversight Board (PCAOB). PwC also reviews Baxter’s interim financial statements in accordance with the 
applicable auditing standards. Ultimately, it is the Audit Committee’s responsibility to monitor and oversee these 
processes on behalf of the Board. The Audit Committee met nine times in 2024, which included discussions with 
PwC and internal audit, both privately and with management present, and sessions with legal counsel. 
In fulfilling its duties, the Audit Committee has reviewed and discussed with management Baxter’s audited 
financial statements included in the 2024 Form 10-K as well as Baxter’s interim financial statements included in 
the company’s 2024 Quarterly Reports on Form 10-Q, in all cases including discussions of the accompanying 
footnotes and related Management’s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations. 
These reviews included, among other things, a discussion of Baxter’s critical accounting policies; the 
reasonableness of significant financial reporting judgments, including the quality (not just the acceptability) of the 
company’s accounting principles; the effectiveness of the company’s internal control over financial reporting; 
corrected and uncorrected misstatements noted by PwC during its audit of the company’s annual financial 
statements and review of the company’s interim financial statements; and the potential effects of changes in 
accounting regulation and guidance on the company’s financial statements. In 2024, these reviews also included 
matters related to the proposed separation of the company's Kidney Care business. 
In addition, in connection with its review of the company’s annual audited financial statements, the Audit 
Committee has discussed with PwC the matters required to be discussed by the applicable requirements of the 
PCAOB and the SEC, has received and reviewed the written disclosures and letter from PwC required by 
applicable requirements of the PCAOB regarding the independent accountant’s communications with the audit 
committee concerning independence and has discussed with PwC its independence, including whether the non-
audit services provided by PwC to Baxter are compatible with maintaining PwC’s independence. 
Based on the review and discussions referred to above, the Audit Committee recommended to the Board that 
Baxter’s audited financial statements referred to above be included in the 2024 Form 10-K for filing with the SEC. 
Respectfully submitted, 
The Audit Committee 
Jeffrey A. Craig (Chair) 
Patricia B. Morrison  
Cathy R. Smith 
86
Audit Matters
| 2025 Annual Meeting of Stockholders and Proxy Statement

Audit and Non-Audit Fees
The table set forth below lists the fees billed to Baxter by PwC for audit services rendered in connection with the 
integrated audits of Baxter’s consolidated financial statements for the years ended December 31, 2024 and 2023 
and fees billed for other services rendered by PwC during these periods. 
2024
2023
(Dollars in thousands)
Audit Fees
$ 
14,137 $ 
12,490 
Audit-Related Fees
 
2,395  
9,775 
Tax Fees
 
651  
626 
All Other Fees
 
4  
18 
Total
$ 
17,301 $ 
22,909 
Audit Fees include fees for services performed by PwC relating to the integrated audit of Baxter’s consolidated 
annual financial statements and internal control over financial reporting, the review of financial statements 
included in the company’s quarterly reports on Form 10-Q, statutory audits and related regulatory filings. The 
audit fees in 2024 were higher than 2023 primarily due to audit procedures related to the sale of the company's 
Kidney Care business, including the related discontinued operations presentation. 
Audit-Related Fees include fees for assurance and related services performed by PwC that are reasonably 
related to the performance of the audit or review of the financial statements, including policy and contractual 
compliance services. In 2024, the fees primarily related to carve-out audits of the company's Kidney Care 
business and related regulatory filings in connection with the recent sale of the Kidney Care business. 
Tax Fees include fees for services performed by PwC for tax compliance, tax advice and tax planning. Of these 
amounts, approximately $0.3 million in each of 2024 and 2023 was related to direct and indirect tax compliance 
services, including transfer pricing support and tax return preparation. Fees for tax consulting services of 
approximately $0.4 million in each of 2024 and 2023 was related to international, federal, state and local tax 
planning, assistance with tax controversy matters and other tax consultations. 
All Other Fees include fees for all other services performed by PwC. 
Pre-Approval of Audit and Permissible Non-Audit Fees 
The Audit Committee must pre-approve the engagement of the independent registered public accounting firm to 
audit the company’s consolidated financial statements. Prior to the engagement, the Audit Committee reviews 
and approves a list of services expected to be rendered during that year by the independent registered public 
accounting firm. Reports on projects and services are presented to the Audit Committee on a regular basis. 
The Audit Committee has established a pre-approval policy for engaging the independent registered public 
accounting firm for other audit and permissible non-audit services. Under the policy (which is reviewed at least 
annually, with any recommended changes subject to Audit Committee approval), the Audit Committee has 
identified specific audit, audit-related, tax and other services that may be performed by the independent 
registered public accounting firm. The engagement for these services specified in the policy requires the further, 
separate pre-approval of the chair of the Audit Committee or the entire Audit Committee if specific dollar 
thresholds set forth in the policy are exceeded. Any project approved by the chair under the policy must be 
reported to the Audit Committee at the next meeting. Services not specified in the policy, as well as the provision 
of internal control-related services by the independent registered public accounting firm, require separate pre-
approval by the Audit Committee. 
All audit, audit-related, tax and other services provided by PwC in 2024 were approved by the Audit Committee in 
accordance with its pre-approval policy.
Audit Matters
87
investor.baxter.com

Ownership of Baxter Stock
Security Ownership by Directors and Executive Officers 
Except as set for the below, the following table sets forth information as of February 27, 2025 regarding beneficial 
ownership of Baxter common stock by NEOs and directors. 
 
Name of Beneficial Owner
Shares of
Common
Stock1
Shares
Under
Exercisable
Options2
Directors:
Mr. Ampofo
10,066
—
Mr. Craig
3,472
—
Ms. Morrison
15,758
—
Dr. Oesterle
28,522
1,060
Mr. Rusckowski
9,270
—
Ms. Schlichting
787
—
Mr. Shafer3
89,841
—
Ms. Smith
23,048
17,868
Ms. Wendell
24,009
17,116
Dr. Wilkes
2,832
—
Named Executive Officers:
Mr. Almeida4
570,016
3,040,273
Mr. Grade
93,096
34,091
Ms. Knight
158,621
166,127
Mr. Sonig
113,107
59,712
Mr. Toth5
105,186
—
All directors and executive officers as a group (17 persons)3-6
1,050,732
1,038,827
1. Includes shares over which the person held voting and/or investment power as of February 27, 2025. Pursuant to Baxter’s 
Directors’ Deferred Compensation Plan, a non-employee director may elect to defer the receipt of all of his or her shares of 
common stock that he or she is entitled to receive as an annual grant of fully vested common stock for his or her service on 
the Board, and as a result, this table does not reflect such deferrals as being beneficially owned for those directors who have 
elected deferral. None of the holdings (including the holdings of all directors and executive officers as a group) represents 
holdings of more than 1% of Baxter’s outstanding common stock based on shares outstanding as of February 13, 2025, as 
set forth in the 2024 Form 10-K. 
2. Amount of shares includes options that are exercisable as of February 27, 2025 and options which become exercisable 
within 60 days thereafter. 
3. Mr. Shafer was appointed as Chair and Interim CEO on the CEO Transition Date.
4. All information for Mr. Almeida set forth in this table is as of the CEO Transition Date., the date on which he stopped serving 
as Chair, President and CEO.The total number of shares includes 324,976 shares not held directly by Mr. Almeida as of the 
CEO Transition Date but in a revocable trust for which he serves as trustee.
5. All information for Mr. Toth set forth in this table is as of January 31, 2025, the date of the Kidney Care sale and the date on 
which he stopped serving as an executive officer of the company.
6. Share ownership of the former executives, Mr. Almeida and Mr. Toth, is not included in the total of shares owned by all 
directors and executive officers as a group.
88
Ownership of Baxter Stock
| 2025 Annual Meeting of Stockholders and Proxy Statement

Security Ownership by Certain Beneficial Owners 
The following entities were the only persons known to Baxter to be the beneficial owners of more than five 
percent of Baxter common stock, based on public filings made with the SEC (as described below): 
Name and Address of Beneficial Owner
Amount and
Nature of
Beneficial
Ownership
Percent
of Class1
(%)
 
The Vanguard Group2
100 Vanguard Blvd.
Malvern, PA 19355
60,155,132
11.8%
 
BlackRock, Inc.3
50 Hudson Yards
New York, NY 10001
59,678,841
11.7%
 
Dodge & Cox4
555 California Street, 40th Floor
San Francisco, CA 94104
51,581,409
10.1%
Pzena Investment Management LLC5
320 Park Avenue, 8th Floor.
New York, NY 10022
32,468,070
6.3%
1. Based on shares outstanding as of February 13, 2025, as set forth in the 2024 Form 10-K.
2. Based solely on Amendment No.10 to Schedule 13G filed with the SEC on February 13, 2024, The Vanguard Group has 
sole voting power with respect to none of the reported shares, shared voting power with respect to 628,382 of the reported 
shares, sole dispositive power with respect to 57,933,960 of the reported shares and shared dispositive power with respect 
to 2,221,172 of the reported shares.
3. Based solely on Amendment No.10 to Schedule 13G filed with the SEC on January 23, 2024, BlackRock, Inc. has sole 
voting power with respect to 56,047,721 of the reported shares, shared voting power with respect to none of the reported 
shares, sole dispositive power with respect to all of the reported shares and shared dispositive power with respect to none of 
the reported shares. As reported on the amended Schedule 13G, a portion of the reported shares are also beneficially 
owned by the subsidiaries set forth on Exhibit A to the amended Schedule 13G. 
4. Based solely on Amendment No.3 to Schedule 13G filed with the SEC on March 7, 2025, Dodge & Cox has sole voting 
power with respect to 48,813,709 of the reported shares, shared voting power with respect to none of the reported shares, 
sole dispositive power with respect to all of the reported shares and shared dispositive power with respect to none of the 
reported shares.
5. Based solely Schedule 13G filed with the SEC on October 21, 2024, Pzena Investment Management LLC has sole voting 
power with respect to 27,014,920 of the reported shares, shared voting power with respect to none of the reported shares, 
sole dispositive power with respect to all of the reported shares and shared dispositive power with respect to none of the 
reported shares. 
Delinquent Section 16(a) Reports 
Section 16(a) of the Exchange Act requires the company’s executive officers and directors and persons who own 
more than 10% of Baxter common stock to file initial reports of ownership and changes in ownership with the 
SEC. Based solely on the company’s review of the reports that have been filed by or on behalf of such persons in 
this regard and written representations from the company's executive officers and directors, the company 
believes that all reports required by Section 16(a) of the Exchange Act were filed on a timely basis during or with 
respect to 2024. 
Ownership of Baxter Stock
89
investor.baxter.com

Stockholder Proposal
 
Executives to Retain Significant Stock
Baxter has been advised that John Chevedden will present the following resolution 
at the Annual Meeting. Baxter has also been advised that Mr. Chevedden is owner 
of at least 60 shares of Baxter common stock. Baxter will furnish the address of Mr. 
Chevedden promptly upon oral or written request. After thoughtful consideration, 
the Board of Directors recommends that you vote AGAINST this proposal for the 
reasons set forth in the Board of Directors’ statement that follows the proposal.
In accordance with the rules of the SEC, the proposal and supporting statement are 
being reprinted as they were submitted to Baxter’s Corporate Secretary by the 
proponent. Baxter takes no responsibility for them.
The Board recommends a vote AGAINST this stockholder proposal. Proxies 
solicited by the Board will be voted AGAINST this proposal unless otherwise 
instructed.
Stockholder Proposal 
Proposal 4 – Executives to Retain Significant Stock 
Shareholders ask the Baxter Board of Directors to adopt a policy requiring the 5 Baxter International named 
executive officers to retain a significant percentage of stock acquired through equity pay programs until reaching 
normal retirement age and to report to shareholders regarding the policy in our Company’s next annual meeting 
proxy. For the purpose of this policy, normal retirement age would be an age of at least 60 and be determined by 
our executive pay committee. Shareholders recommend a share retention percentage requirement of 30% of net 
after-tax shares. 
This single unified policy shall prohibit hedging transactions for shares subject to this policy which are not sales 
but reduce the risk of loss to the executive. Otherwise our directors might be able to avoid the impact of this 
proposal. This policy shall supplement any other share ownership requirements that have been established for 
senior executives, and should be implemented without violating current company contractual obligations or the 
terms of any current pay or benefit plan. The Board is encouraged to obtain waivers of any current pay or benefit 
plan for senior executives that might delay implementation of this proposal. 
Requiring senior executives to hold a significant portion of stock obtained through executive pay plans would 
focus our executives on our company’s long-term success. A Conference Board Task Force report stated that 
hold-to-retirement requirements give executives “an ever-growing incentive to focus on long-term stock price 
performance.” 
This proposal topic is all the more important at Baxter due to the recent poor stock performance. Baxter stock 
has fallen from $83 in 2019. Additionally executive pay was rejected by 22% of shares in 2023 when a 5% 
rejection is often the norm at well performing companies. 
90
Stockholder Proposal
| 2025 Annual Meeting of Stockholders and Proxy Statement

Plus Baxter does not have an independent Board Chairman and the Baxter Board of Directors refused to allow 
shareholders to cast an advisory vote on Baxter adopting an independent Board Chairman in 2024 in spite of 
shareholders voting 54% in favor of this topic at an earlier Baxter annual meeting.
Please vote yes: 
Executives to Retain Significant Stock – Proposal 4 
Stockholder Proposal
91
investor.baxter.com

Board of Directors’ Statement Opposing the Stockholder Proposal 
The Board has carefully considered the proposal and the fact that a similar proposal has been rejected by 
Baxter’s stockholders in 2023 and 2024, and recommends that stockholders vote AGAINST the proposal for the 
following reasons: 
The Board has carefully evaluated the appropriate stock ownership requirements for all executive 
officers. 
The Board remains committed to maintaining strong corporate governance practices and protecting stockholders’ 
interests. The Board understands that Baxter’s stockholders view stock retention as an important measure to 
help hold executives accountable, and Baxter’s robust stock ownership guidelines already require all executive 
officers to hold significant amounts of shares: 
•
The CEO is required to achieve ownership of Baxter common stock valued at a minimum of six 
times annual base salary within five years of appointment; and 
•
Each other executive officer (including all of Baxter’s NEOs who would be covered by this proposal) 
is required to achieve ownership of Baxter common stock valued at a minimum of four times annual 
base salary within five years of becoming an executive officer. 
Baxter’s current stock ownership guidelines are rigorous, periodically reviewed by the CHC Committee and 
carefully designed to ensure long-term focus and appropriate levels of risk-taking by the company’s executive 
and corporate officers, which helps supports sustainable long-term stockholder return while enabling Baxter to 
attract and retain talented executives. As of December 31, 2024, each of the NEOs who is still serving as an 
executive officer with the company had met his or her ownership requirements or, using reasonable assumptions, 
was on track to achieve his or her stock ownership objective within the prescribed time frame. 
Baxter’s current executive compensation program appropriately aligns executives’ interests with the 
company’s and stockholders’ long-term interests. 
The Board believes that Baxter’s emphasis on long-term incentive grants motivates executives to drive the long-
term performance of the company and aligns their long-term interests with those of stockholders. For this reason, 
a significant majority of executive pay is variable and only delivered if specific annual and long-term performance 
requirements are met. For example, in 2024, the CEO’s compensation was 92% variable, depending on 
performance-based elements, and Baxter’s NEOs’ compensation, collectively, excluding the CEO, was 85% 
variable, depending on performance-based elements. Accordingly, at any particular time, company executives 
hold significant unvested equity awards, which helps to align their interests with those of the company’s 
stockholders. 
Further, the Board believes the proposed retention policy’s prohibition against executive officers entering into 
hedging transactions for shares subject to the policy is unnecessary as Baxter already prohibits such hedging 
transactions and has other rigorous governance practices in place, such as a prohibition on short sales, entering 
into any derivative (e.g., purchasing, selling or writing put or call options, forward contracts or swap agreements) 
and pledging company stock. Baxter also has a Mandatory Clawback Policy, which complies with NYSE 
requirements, and a Compensation Recoupment Policy, which goes beyond NYSE requirements. Baxter’s 
executive compensation program is structured to appropriately motivate and reward executives to achieve 
Baxter’s long-term objectives and build sustained stockholder value. The proposal would place excessive 
restrictions on CHC Committee’s ability to design a compensation program that drives long-term value. 
92
Stockholder Proposal
| 2025 Annual Meeting of Stockholders and Proxy Statement

The proposal is overly prescriptive and would put Baxter at a competitive disadvantage for attracting and 
retaining top executive talent, would create an administrative burden on Baxter without commensurate 
value to stockholders and fails to enhance corporate governance. 
The Board believes that the proposed stock ownership requirements are not necessary and would put Baxter at 
a competitive disadvantage for recruiting and retaining talented executives. Experienced executives in the 
healthcare industry are in high demand, and the competition for talent has become increasingly intense. Baxter’s 
stock ownership guidelines and retention requirements are consistent with market practice, whereas the stock 
retention policy in the proposal, which requires Baxter’s NEOs to retain a significant percentage of stock acquired 
through equity pay programs until reaching normal retirement age, is not market practice. Further, the proposed 
retention policy penalizes executives that have been with Baxter the longest, as the number of shares such 
executives would be required to retain are greater as compared to executives that have recently joined Baxter. 
Requiring executives to hold additional shares (above what is required by the company’s stock ownership 
guidelines) would be burdensome to the executives, impact Baxter’s ability to attract and retain top executive 
talent, and not provide additional incentives. 
Further, Baxter’s NEOs are subject to change year-to-year. For example, since 2020, the named executive 
officers have differed each year, largely due to new appointments and voluntary departures. This proposal would 
effectively place different stock retention requirements on certain executives every year, which would be difficult 
for Baxter to administer. Instead, the Board believes Baxter’s current robust stock ownership requirements, which 
are applied consistently each year, provide meaningful stock ownership and retention requirements at a low 
administrative cost for Baxter to implement. 
In short, given Baxter’s current stock ownership guidelines, governance policies, demonstrated openness and 
commitment to stockholder responsiveness and accountability, the Board believes this proposal is not necessary 
and does not provide additional benefit to the company's stockholders. The proposal, in contrast, fails to strike a 
reasonable balance between aligning the interests of stockholders and management and motivating desired 
management behavior. It would, therefore, unnecessarily damage Baxter’s ability to attract and retain talent and 
would create an unnecessary administrative burden on Baxter, thereby wasting company resources without 
commensurate benefit to the company’s stockholders. Moreover, Baxter’s stockholders considered, and rejected, 
a similar proposal in 2023 and 2024 with support for the proposal declining year over year. This indicates that 
Baxter’s stockholders remain generally supportive of the Board’s position on this proposal and current executive 
compensation structure.  
The Board of Directors recommends a vote “AGAINST” this proposal. 
Stockholder Proposal
93
investor.baxter.com

General Information
Questions and Answers about the Annual Meeting 
Q: Who is entitled to vote?
A: All record holders of Baxter common stock as of the close of business on March 13, 2025 are entitled to 
vote. On that day, approximately 512,924,066 shares were outstanding. Each share is entitled to one vote 
on each matter presented at the Annual Meeting. 
Q: How do I vote? 
A: Baxter offers registered stockholders three ways to vote, other than by virtually attending the Annual Meeting 
and voting through the online platform:  
•
By Internet, following the instructions on the Notice or the proxy card;  
•
By telephone, using the telephone number printed on the proxy card; or 
•
By mail (if you received your proxy materials by mail), using the enclosed proxy card and return 
envelope.
Q: How do I participate in the Annual Meeting? 
A: To provide a safe, convenient and cost-efficient experience to all stockholders regardless of location, the 
Annual Meeting will be held only in a virtual format. Please refer to “—Other Information—Attending the 
Annual Meeting” for more information. 
Q: How do I vote shares that are held by my broker? 
A: If you have shares held by a broker or other nominee, you may instruct your broker or other nominee to vote 
your shares by following instructions that your broker or nominee provides to you. Most brokers offer voting 
by mail, telephone and the Internet. 
Q: What does it mean to vote by proxy? 
A: It means that you give someone else the right to vote your shares in accordance with your instructions. In 
this way, you ensure that your vote will be counted even if you are unable to attend the Annual Meeting. If 
you give your proxy but do not include specific instructions on how to vote, the individuals named as proxies 
will vote your shares in accordance with the following recommendations of the Board: 
Company Proposals
Board Recommendation
•   Proposal 1—Election of Directors
FOR
•   Proposal 2—Advisory Vote to Approve Named Executive Officer 
Compensation for 2024
FOR
•   Proposal 3—Ratification of Appointment of Independent Registered Public 
Accounting Firm for 2025
FOR
Stockholder Proposal
Board Recommendation
•   Proposal 4—Executives to Retain Significant Stock
AGAINST
94
General Information
| 2025 Annual Meeting of Stockholders and Proxy Statement

Q: What if I submit a proxy and later change my mind? 
A: If you have given your proxy and later wish to revoke it, you may do so by giving written notice to the 
Corporate Secretary, submitting another proxy bearing a later date (in any of the permitted forms), or voting 
online during the Annual Meeting. 
Q: What happens if other matters are raised at the Annual Meeting? 
A: If other matters are properly presented at the Annual Meeting, the individuals named as proxies will have the 
discretion to vote on those matters for you in accordance with their best judgment. However, Baxter’s 
Corporate Secretary has not received timely and proper notice from any stockholder of any other matter to 
be presented at the Annual Meeting. 
Q: How is it determined whether a matter has been approved? 
A: Assuming a quorum is present, the approval of the matters specified in the Notice of Annual Meeting of 
Stockholders will be determined as follows: 
•
Each director nominee under Proposal 1 receiving a majority of votes cast (meaning, the number of 
votes cast “for” the director’s election exceeds the number of votes cast “against” his or her election) will 
be elected as a director; and
•
Each other matter requires the affirmative vote of a majority of the shares of common stock, present 
virtually or represented by proxy, and entitled to vote on the matter at the Annual Meeting. 
Q: Who will count the vote? 
A: Baxter has engaged Broadridge Financial Solutions, Inc. (Broadridge) to serve as the tabulator of votes and 
a representative of Broadridge will serve as the Inspector of Election at the Annual Meeting. 
Q: How do I find out the voting results? 
A: Preliminary results are typically announced at the Annual Meeting. Final voting results will be reported on a 
Form 8-K filed with the SEC following the Annual Meeting. 
Q: What constitutes a quorum? 
A: The holders of a majority of the outstanding shares of common stock entitled to vote at the Annual Meeting, 
present virtually or represented by proxy, constitutes a quorum. Broker non-votes and abstentions will be 
counted for purposes of determining whether a quorum is present. 
Q: What are broker non-votes and what effect do they have? 
A: Broker non-votes occur when nominees, such as banks and brokers holding shares on behalf of beneficial 
owners, do not receive voting instructions from the beneficial holders. If that happens, the nominees may 
vote those shares only on matters deemed “routine” by the NYSE, such as the ratification of the appointment 
of the company’s independent registered public accounting firm. On “non-routine” matters, nominees cannot 
vote unless they receive voting instructions from beneficial owners, resulting in so called “broker non-votes.” 
The items being considered at the Annual Meeting, except for “Proposal 3—Ratification of Appointment of 
Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm for 2025,” are considered “non-routine” matters. 
Broker non-votes will have no impact on “Proposal 1—Election of Directors,” “Proposal 2—Advisory Vote to 
Approve Named Executive Officer Compensation for 2024,” or “Proposal 4—Executives to Retain Significant 
Stock.” 
General Information
95
investor.baxter.com

Q: What effect does an abstention have? 
A: Abstentions or directions to withhold authority will have no effect on the outcome of Proposal 1. Abstentions 
will have the same effect as a vote against any of the other matters specified in the Notice of Annual Meeting 
of Stockholders. 
Q: What is “householding” and how does it affect me? 
A: Baxter has adopted “householding,” a procedure under which stockholders of record who have the same 
address and last name and do not receive proxy materials electronically will receive a single Notice of 
Internet Availability of Proxy Materials or set of proxy materials, unless one or more of these stockholders 
notifies the company that they wish to continue receiving individual copies. Stockholders who participate in 
householding will continue to receive separate proxy cards. This procedure can result in significant savings 
to the company by reducing printing and postage costs and reduces the environmental impact of the Annual 
Meeting. 
If you participate in householding and wish to receive a separate Notice of Internet Availability of Proxy 
Materials or set of proxy materials, or if you wish to receive separate copies of future notices, annual reports 
and proxy statements, please call 1-866-540-7095 or write to: Broadridge, Householding Department, 51 
Mercedes Way, Edgewood, New York 11717. The company has instructed Broadridge to deliver requested 
documents to a requesting stockholder of record promptly upon receipt of a related request. 
Any stockholders of record who share the same address and currently receive multiple copies of proxy 
materials who wish to receive only one copy of these materials per household in the future may contact 
Broadridge at the address or telephone number listed above. If you hold your shares through a broker, bank 
or other nominee, please contact your broker, bank, or other nominee to request information about 
householding. 
Q: What shares are covered by the proxy card? 
A: The proxy card covers all shares held by you of record (registered in your name). If you hold your shares 
through a broker, bank or other nominee, you will receive separate instructions from your broker, bank or 
other nominee describing how to vote your shares. 
Q: Does the company offer an opportunity to receive future proxy materials electronically? 
A: Yes. If you wish to receive future proxy materials over the Internet instead of receiving copies in the mail, 
follow the instructions provided when you vote through the Internet. If you vote by telephone, you will not 
have the option to elect electronic delivery while voting. 
If you elect electronic delivery, the company will discontinue mailing the proxy materials to you beginning 
next year and will send you an e-mail message notifying you of the Internet address or addresses where you 
may access next year’s proxy materials and vote your shares. You may discontinue electronic delivery at 
any time. 
Q: What are the benefits of electronic delivery? 
A: Electronic delivery reduces the company’s printing and mailing costs as well as the environmental impact of 
the Annual Meeting. It is also a convenient way for you to receive your proxy materials and makes it easy to 
vote your shares over the Internet. 
96
General Information
| 2025 Annual Meeting of Stockholders and Proxy Statement

Other Information
Attending the Annual Meeting
The Annual Meeting will be held virtually on Tuesday, May 6, 2025 at 9 a.m., Central Time. Online access to the 
Annual Meeting will begin at 8:45 a.m., Central Time. To provide a safe, convenient and cost-efficient experience 
to all stockholders regardless of location, the Annual Meeting will be held only in a virtual format. You can attend 
the Annual Meeting by accessing www.virtualshareholdermeeting.com/BAX2025 and entering the 16-digit control 
number on the proxy card or Notice of Internet Availability of Proxy Materials you previously received. If you hold 
your shares in “street name” (i.e., through an account at a broker or other nominee), please follow your broker’s 
or nominee’s instructions you previously received to obtain your 16-digit control number or otherwise attend 
through the broker or nominee. If you have other questions about attending the Annual Meeting, please contact 
Investor Relations at 224-948-3020 or Global_CORP_Investor_Relations@baxter.com. 
Asking Questions 
If you wish to submit a question, you may do so in two ways. If you want to ask a question before the Annual 
Meeting, then beginning on April 22, 2025 and until 11:59 p.m., Central Time, on May 5, 2025, you may log into 
www.proxyvote.com and enter your 16-digit control number. Once past the login screen, click on “Question for 
Management,” type in your question and click “Submit.” Alternatively, you will be able to submit questions live 
during the Annual Meeting by accessing the meeting at www.virtualshareholdermeeting.com/BAX2025, typing 
your question into the “Ask a Question” field and clicking “Submit.” 
Only questions pertinent to Annual Meeting matters will be answered during the Annual Meeting. If any questions 
pertinent to Annual Meeting matters cannot be answered during the Annual Meeting due to time constraints, the 
company will post and answer a representative set of these questions online at https://investor.baxter.com. The 
questions and answers will be available as soon as reasonably practicable after the Annual Meeting and will 
remain available until one week after posting. 
Voting Shares at the Virtual Meeting 
If you have not voted your shares prior to the Annual Meeting, you will be able to vote your shares electronically 
at the Annual Meeting by clicking “Vote Here” on the Annual Meeting website. Whether or not you plan to attend 
the Annual Meeting, you are encouraged to vote your shares prior to the Annual Meeting by one of the methods 
described in the proxy statement. 
Attending the Virtual Meeting as a Guest 
If you would like to attend the Annual Meeting as a guest in listen-only mode, please access 
www.virtualshareholdermeeting.com/BAX2025 and enter the information requested on the screen. Please note 
you will not have the ability to ask questions or vote during the Annual Meeting if you participate as a guest. 
Stockholder Proposals for the 2026 Annual Meeting 
Any stockholder who intends to present a proposal at the 2026 annual meeting and who wishes to have a 
proposal included in Baxter’s proxy statement for that annual meeting, must deliver the proposal to the Corporate 
Secretary. All such proposals must be received by the Corporate Secretary no later than November 25, 2025 and 
must satisfy the rules and regulations of the SEC to be eligible for inclusion in the proxy statement for that 
meeting. 
To be eligible for consideration at the 2026 annual meeting, any proposal that is a proper subject for 
consideration which has not been submitted by the deadline for inclusion in the proxy statement (as set forth 
above) must comply with the procedures specified in Baxter’s Bylaws. These procedures require, among other 
things, that notice of any such proposal be received by the Corporate Secretary no earlier than January 6, 2026 
General Information  
97
 
investor.baxter.com

and no later than February 5, 2026 and contain all of the information required to be included in such notice under 
the Bylaws. 
All submissions to, or requests of, the Corporate Secretary should be made to Baxter’s principal executive offices 
at One Baxter Parkway, Deerfield, Illinois 60015. 
Nominations of Individuals for Election as Directors at the 2026 Annual Meeting 
A stockholder or group of up to 20 stockholders who have continuously owned Net Long Shares (as defined in 
Baxter's Bylaws) representing at least 3% of Baxter’s common stock for at least three years have the ability to 
submit director nominees (up to the greater of two and 20% of the Board) for inclusion in the related proxy 
statement if the stockholder(s) and the nominee(s) satisfy the requirements specified in the proxy access 
provision of Baxter’s Bylaws. Notice of any such nomination must be received by the Corporate Secretary no 
earlier than October 26, 2025 and no later than November 25, 2025 and contain all of the information required to 
be included in any Access Notice (as defined in Baxter's Bylaws). 
To be eligible for consideration at the 2026 annual meeting, any nomination for director that is made outside of 
the proxy access procedures (as described above) must comply with the procedures specified in Baxter’s 
Bylaws. These procedures require, among other things, that notice of any such nomination be received by the 
Corporate Secretary no earlier than January 6, 2026 and no later than February 5, 2026 and contain all of the 
information required to be included in such notice under Baxter's Bylaws. 
In addition to satisfying the foregoing requirements under Baxter’s Bylaws, to comply with the universal proxy 
rules, stockholders who intend to solicit proxies in support of director nominees other than Baxter’s nominees 
must also comply with all applicable requirements of Rule 14a-19 under the Exchange Act. The advance notice 
requirement under Rule 14a-19 does not override or supersede the longer advance notice requirement under 
Baxter’s Bylaws. 
All submissions to, or requests of, the Corporate Secretary should be made to Baxter’s principal executive offices 
at One Baxter Parkway, Deerfield, Illinois 60015. 
Cost of Proxy Solicitation 
Baxter will bear the costs of soliciting proxies. Copies of proxy solicitation materials will be mailed to stockholders 
and employees of Baxter may communicate with stockholders to solicit their proxies. Banks, brokers and others 
holding stock in their names, or in the names of nominees, may request and forward copies of the proxy 
solicitation material to beneficial owners and seek authority for execution of proxies and Baxter will reimburse 
them for their expenses. 
In addition, Baxter has retained D.F. King & Co., Inc. to assist in the distribution and solicitation of proxies. Baxter 
has agreed to pay D.F. King & Co., Inc. a fee of approximately $22,000 plus other solicitation-related expenses. 
Transfer Agent and Registrar 
Correspondence concerning Baxter common stock holdings or lost or missing certificates or dividend checks 
should be directed to: Computershare Trust Company, N.A., P.O. Box 43078, Providence, RI 02940-3078, (888) 
359-8645.
Forward-Looking Statements 
The proxy statement contains forward-looking statements. Forward-looking statements are based on our current 
assumptions regarding future business and financial performance and various strategic and operational initiatives 
and actions. These statements by their nature address matters that are uncertain to different degrees. Words 
such as “may,” “will,” “would,” “could,” “should,” “believes,” “estimates,” “projects,” “potential,” “expects,” “plans,” 
“seeks,” “intends,” “evaluates,” “pursues,” “anticipates,” “continues,” “designs,” “impacts,” “affects,” “forecasts,” 
98
General Information
| 2025 Annual Meeting of Stockholders and Proxy Statement

“target,” “outlook,” “initiative,” “objective,” “designed,” “priorities,” “goal,” or the negative of those words or other 
similar expressions may identify forward-looking statements that represent the company’s current judgment 
about possible future events, although not all forward-looking statements contain such words. These forward-
looking statements are based on certain assumptions and analyses made in light of Baxter’s experience and 
perception of historical trends, current conditions, and expected future developments as well as other factors that 
it believes are appropriate in the circumstances. While these statements represent the company’s judgment on 
what the future may hold, and the company believes these judgments are reasonable, these statements are not 
guarantees of any events or financial results. Whether actual future results and developments will conform to 
expectations and predictions is subject to a number of risks and uncertainties, including those described in the 
2024 Form 10-K, many of which are beyond the company’s control. Further, other unknown or unpredictable 
factors could also have material adverse effects on future results. Any forward-looking statement in the proxy 
statement speaks only as of the date on which it is made. Except as required by law, Baxter assumes no 
obligation, and expressly disclaims any obligation, to update or revise any forward-looking statements included in 
the proxy statement to reflect the impact of circumstances or events that may arise after the date the forward-
looking statements were made. 
Websites
References to Baxter’s website or other links to its publications or other information are provided for the 
convenience of the company’s stockholders. None of the information or data included on its websites or 
accessible at these links is incorporated into, and will not be deemed to be a part of, the proxy statement or any 
of the company’s other filings with the SEC.
General Information  
99
 
investor.baxter.com

SCAN TO [>

VIEW MATERIALS &¥WOTE
S407E8 MTEAMAMOMAL IVC WOTE BY INTERNET
palecinihnicial Before Tha Meeting - Go to maw. proxywotecom or scan the QR Barcode above

Usa the rerat to-transmityaurycting iresructiors. ard for electronic celery afinformation
upuntl 11:55 p.m. Eastam Daylight Time on May 5, 2025. Have your proxy card in hand
whan you acosss tha wubsite ard follow the instructions to obtain your racords and to
qreste an alctronic voting instruction form.

During Tha Meeting - Go to i

You may attend the mesting via the Internat and vote during tha meeting. Have tha
informestion that is printed in tha box marked by tha amcw availabla and follow tha
instructions.

yore BY PHONE - Vitpbene tot . . ntl 12ES

so ary touch-tore tol na to transmit your voting instructions: up u : m1.
Eastam Daylight Time on hay 5, 2025. Have your proay card in hand when you call and
thon follow iretroctions.

M grand d rd ared it nth id i
ark, sgn and date your prow card and return rt in the posta ervalope we
hava provided or natu tte Vota Processing, oft Brosdridge © Mercedas Way,
Edgewood, N¥ 11717.

TO VOTE, MARK BLOSCKS BELOW IN BLUE OA BLACK INK AS FOLLOWS:
W554 1-P247 16 KEEP THIS PORTION FOR YOUR RECORDS

THIS. PROXY CARD IS VALID ONLY WHEN SIGNED AND DATED. DETACH AND RETURN THIS PORTION ONLY
BA STIER INTERATOMIC.

The Board of Directors recommends you vote FOR the
following:

1. Election of Directors

Nominees: For Against Abstain

la. Willam 4. Ampofo Il

Oo
[a]

The Board of Directors recommends you vote FOR
proposals 2 and 3.

2%. Advisory vote to Approve Named Executive Officer  (] 0 Oo

Tb. Jeffrey A. Cralg Compensation for 2

1c Patricia B. Moron Ratification of Appointment of Indaperdent Registered = () O ia)

Pubbe Accounting Firm for 2025:

The Board of Directors recommends you vote AGAINST For Against Abstain
proposal 4.

4. Stockholder Proposal - Executives to Retain Significant Oo 0 Oo
Stock

id. Stephen NM. Gesterle, M.D.
Te. Stephen H. Rusceowsk!

Th Nancy M. Schlichting

NOTE: Such other business as may properly come before the
meeting or any adjournment thener

Tg. Brent Shafer

1h. Cathy K. Smith

1. Amy A. Weredell

Ooo fo op oO oo 8 8 Oo
Oo oo oOo 08 0 0 6
Ooaoaoadoaoaoandosda

Vp. Dad 5. Wilkes, M.D.

Please SKN exacth’ as your names) appears) hereon. When signing as attorney, executor, administrator, or other fiductary, please give full tite as such. Jont
oumers should each sign personally. All holders must sign. tf corporation or partnership, please sign In full corporate or partnership name by authonzed officer.

Signature [PLEASE SIGN WITHIN BOX] Signature (Joint Oemers)

BAXTER INTERNATIONAL INC.
2025 Annual Meeting of Stockholders

May 6, 2025
9:00 a.m. Central Daylight Time
www. virtualshareholdermeeting.com/BAX2025

Important Notice Regarding the Availability of Proxy Materials for the Annual Meeting:
The Proxy Statement and Form 10-K are available at www. proxyvote.com.

WEAS42-P24716

BAXTER INTERNATIONAL INC.
Annual Meeting of Stockholders
May 6, 2025 9:00 AM Central Daylight Time
This proxy is solicited by the Board of Directors

The stockholders) hereby appoint(s) Brent Shafer, David Rosenbloom and Ellen Bradford, or any of them, as proxies, each
with the power to appoint his/her substitute, and hereby authorize(s) them to represent and to vote, as designated on the
reverse side of this ballot, all of the shares of Common stock of BAXTER INTERNATIONAL INC. that the stockholder(s) is/are
entitled to vote at the Annual Meeting of Stockholders to be held at 9:00 AM, CDT on May 6, 2025, held virtually at
www virtualshareholdermeeting.comvBAxX2025, and any adjournment or postponement thereof.

This proxy, when properly executed, will be voted in the manner directed herein. If no such direction is made, this
proxy will be voted in accordance with the Board of Directors’ recommendations.

Continued and to be signed on reverse side


