Baxter Healthcare Ltd 
Wallingford Road / Compton / Newbury / Berkshire / RG20 7QW / Great Britain 
T 01635 206000   F 01635 206115 
Registered Office: Caxton Way / Thetford / Norfolk / IP24 3SE   Registered in England No. 461365 
 
 
 
UK-PH00-240011 (V2.0) 07/2024 
 
Baxter Healthcare  
Modern Slavery Statement 
 
Introduction 
Our commitment to integrity is a cornerstone of Our Mission to Save and Sustain Lives. 
Baxter is committed to ensuring that it conducts its supply chain activities ethically and with 
the highest regard for human rights and dignity. We foster a culture of compliance with all 
applicable laws, rules and regulations and the highest standards of ethics and business 
conduct with respect to all human rights issues. 
 
Baxter Healthcare Limited and its affiliated companies described below (“Baxter”) does not 
in any way accept any form of modern slavery in our operations or in our supplier network. 
We take steps with respect to verification of our supply chain to ensure suppliers are 
operating in an ethical and legal manner. 
 
This statement is Baxter’s modern slavery statement pursuant to the Modern Slavery Act 
2015 for the financial year ended December 2023. 
 
About Baxter  
Baxter manufactures and supplies pharmaceutical products and medical devices and 
provides related services. Baxter’s broad portfolio includes essential dialysis products and 
fluids, 
sterile 
IV 
solutions, 
advanced 
infusion 
systems, 
parenteral 
nutrition, 
pharmaceuticals, advanced surgery products, acute therapies, anaesthetics, pharmacy 
compounding services and infection management software. Baxter’s ultimate parent 
company is Baxter International Inc, listed on the New York Stock Exchange. 
 
Baxter uses domestic and international supply chains for raw materials as well as finished 
goods. As part of a broader corporate group, Baxter is supported by global supply 
arrangements established by its affiliates in compliance with group policies and procedures 
designed to ensure responsible business operations. 
 
Group companies covered by this statement 
Baxter Healthcare Ltd consulted the relevant companies it owns or controls in the 
development of this statement. In 2023 the business included Baxter Renal Care Services 
which is not a subsidiary but shares Baxter International Inc as its ultimate parent company, 
and operated under the UK management of Baxter Healthcare Ltd.   
 
Baxter International Inc acquired the Hillrom group in December 2021.  Hillrom is a medical 
technology company that provides products such as smart bed systems, connected 
monitoring, cardiology, intelligent diagnostics, care communications, respiratory health 
devices, and global surgical solutions. The UK Hillrom entities are ultimately owned by 
Baxter International Inc and integration with the UK business commenced in 2023 under 
local UK management.  
 
 
 
 
 

Baxter Healthcare Ltd 
Wallingford Road / Compton / Newbury / Berkshire / RG20 7QW / Great Britain 
T 01635 206000   F 01635 206115 
Registered Office: Caxton Way / Thetford / Norfolk / IP24 3SE   Registered in England No. 461365 
 
 
 
UK-PH00-240011 (V2.0) 07/2024 
Risk of Modern Slavery Practices 
Baxter procures finished goods and raw materials from various domestic and international 
suppliers. As would be expected for any business supported by both domestic and 
international supply chains, the potential risk of modern slavery practices needs to be 
managed by responsible and ethical business practices. Baxter continuously monitors 
supply chains, and reviews existing and emerging trends that may indicate increased risk 
factors for modern slavery and forced labour.  
 
 
Actions to Assess and Address Risks 
As an organisation, we appreciate the real and global issue of modern slavery and human 
trafficking and foster a culture of the highest standards of ethics and business conduct 
with respect to all human rights issues. 
 
Employees and Contractors 
 
Employees 
Baxter employs a robust local policy framework to prevent all illegal working, including ‘right 
to work’ checks for all employees and regular audits.  
 
Contract workers 
For contract workers, a preferred supplier list of labour hire agencies is maintained. 
Preferred labour hire agencies are used when engaging contractors, and these agencies 
are subject to Baxter’s due diligence and review processes prior to contracting and 
throughout their relationship with Baxter. 
 
 
Standards and Codes 
In order to manage and address the risk of modern slavery and forced labour, Baxter, 
alongside its affiliates forming part of the global Baxter corporate group, complies with the 
requirements as set out below. Accordingly, where Baxter utilises international supply 
chains managed by other Baxter affiliates, those affiliates are also required to comply with 
the following requirements. 
 
Baxter’s Code of Conduct 
All Baxter employees are required to comply with Baxter’s Code of Conduct. Baxter’s Code 
of Conduct defines the core principles that govern employee behaviour and business 
conduct and provides tools and resources to help employees comply with the same. 
 
The company conducts mandatory ongoing training and a Code of Conduct intranet site to 
keep employees informed and aware of Baxter’s ethics and compliance requirements and 
company expectations. 
 
Baxter’s Global Human Rights Policy 
Baxter complies with the Global Human Rights Policy applicable to the Baxter corporate 
group globally. A copy of this Policy can be accessed using the following link: 
https://www.baxter.com/policies-positions/global-human-rights 
 
Baxter’s Ethics & Compliance Standards for Suppliers 
Our commitment to fostering a culture of compliance extends to our relationships with 
suppliers, and we recognise our responsibility to positively influence our suppliers. 
 
 
 

Baxter Healthcare Ltd 
Wallingford Road / Compton / Newbury / Berkshire / RG20 7QW / Great Britain 
T 01635 206000   F 01635 206115 
Registered Office: Caxton Way / Thetford / Norfolk / IP24 3SE   Registered in England No. 461365 
 
 
 
UK-PH00-240011 (V2.0) 07/2024 
As a condition of contracting with Baxter, we require our suppliers to agree to Baxter’s 
Ethics and Compliance Standards for Suppliers, which incorporate rules against all forms 
of modern slavery. A copy of these Standards can be accessed using the following link: 
https://www.baxter.com/sites/g/files/ebysai3896/files/2023-
02/Supplier_Standards_English_2023.pdf 
 
Specifically, the Standards prohibit our suppliers of products and services from violating of 
laws governing workers’ human rights, including human trafficking and slavery. The 
company requires our suppliers to comply with our standards and expectations as well as 
all laws governing purchasing. 
 
Baxter’s Conflict Minerals Policy and Position Statement 
Baxter complies with the Conflict Minerals Policy and Position Statement Human Rights 
Policy applicable to the Baxter corporate group globally. A copy of this Policy can be 
accessed using the following link: https://www.baxter.com/policies-positions/conflict-
minerals-policy-position-statement 
 
Contractual obligations 
 
Baxter includes enhanced contractual obligations in supply contracts to strengthen supplier 
modern slavery law compliance obligations and to provide uniformity of compliance 
obligations across all relevant supply contracts. 
 
Reporting Mechanisms 
Baxter has a policy on whistleblowing which provides a mechanism for our employees or 
relevant stakeholders to report human rights concerns. In addition, Baxter’s Ethics and 
Compliance Helpline (a telephone and online resource) is available to employees, suppliers 
and other stakeholders as another channel to report or seek guidance on any issues of 
concern. This reporting mechanism can assist in identifying vulnerable people and provide 
them with necessary support and referrals to appropriate care and services. 
 
 
Assessment of Actions to Address Risks 
 
Due Diligence & Understanding Risk in Our Supply Chains 
As a global group, Baxter is integrating our supplier corporate responsibility strategy into 
our overall supplier management processes and conducts periodic assessments of key 
suppliers to evaluate cost, delivery, quality, and risk. 
 
Based on a 2023 global data baseline, Baxter spent US$8.7 billion annually across all 
geographic regions providing raw materials, third party finished goods and indirect 
commodities. We recognise that our supply chain due diligence should be focused on areas 
of highest risk. We are therefore committed to continuously strengthening our risk 
assessment process, focusing on countries or materials/products of concern. This is an 
iterative process, and as part of our management system approach to labour standards 
and sourcing risks, we aim to continuously improve the quality of information we hold on 
supply chain risk, combining it with information from other due diligence activities, and 
taking appropriate action if concerns are found.  
 
One significant way Baxter advances respect for human rights, with regards to all forms of 
modern slavery, is through its well-established supplier sustainability program.  In 2023 
Baxter Healthcare as a global group collaborated with EcoVadis, a globally recognised 
assessment platform that rates businesses' sustainability practices, to conduct corporate 
responsibility surveys of participating suppliers’ corporate responsibility programs and 
performance in areas of labour and human rights, ethics, environment, and sustainable 

Baxter Healthcare Ltd 
Wallingford Road / Compton / Newbury / Berkshire / RG20 7QW / Great Britain 
T 01635 206000   F 01635 206115 
Registered Office: Caxton Way / Thetford / Norfolk / IP24 3SE   Registered in England No. 461365 
 
 
 
UK-PH00-240011 (V2.0) 07/2024 
procurement. Particularly, this survey assesses whether these suppliers have policies and 
programs to address human rights, including human trafficking and slavery (child, forced 
or bonded labour). We conducted corporate responsibility surveys on a further 276 
suppliers, increasing the total number of suppliers to approximately 1,300. Baxter can 
access detailed supplier scorecards with information about strengths, benchmark 
comparisons, and improvement areas, via the EcoVadis platform. Baxter also leverages the 
EcoVadis system to determine if follow-up action is necessary and plans to include survey 
scores in business reviews with strategic suppliers in the future.  
 
In 2022 as a global group Baxter Healthcare created a corporate responsibility risk profile 
for certain Baxter suppliers. Our supplier corporate responsibility risk profile includes in-
depth risk mapping for applicable Baxter suppliers based on location, performance, and 
goods and services provided. In addition to providing Baxter with aggregate data about risk 
across multiple dimensions of corporate responsibility, the profile also gives us visibility to 
individual supplier reporting in each of these areas. This risk profile helps us identify and 
prioritise suppliers with the greatest corporate responsibility-related risks for additional due 
diligence, corrective action plans and/or on-site audits. The profiles assist Baxter to 
prioritise suppliers with the greatest corporate social responsibility-related risk factors for 
additional due diligence or corrective action.   
 
In 2023 we developed the Baxter Global Supplier Standards Manual, an important step 
towards conducting supplier corporate responsibility audits in future years. 
 
Continuous Improvement to Ensure Compliance & Ethical Frameworks 
 
Conflict Minerals Policy 
As part of Baxter’s commitment to sustainability, including its policy on protecting human 
rights in our own operations along with our supply chain, as a global group Baxter’s goal is 
to source raw materials that require the use of tin, tantalum, tungsten or gold (known as 
3TG) from conflict-free sources. 
 
Baxter expects its suppliers to have appropriate policies and due diligence measures in 
place that will allow us to reasonably determine if products and raw materials containing 
conflict minerals originate from conflict-free sources, including those from the Democratic 
Republic of the Congo (DRC) and its surrounding areas.  
 
Baxter’s parent company launched its Conflict Minerals Program back in 2015, and as of 
today Baxter continues to survey key suppliers in its supply chain and completes an annual 
Baxter 
CMRT 
(available 
to 
customers 
upon 
request 
at: 
Baxter_Compliance_Support@baxter.com) where we continue to successfully grow 
suppliers’ responsiveness in the program. 
 
In support of this, Baxter (in conjunction with Baxter affiliates globally) has and will: 
• 
Exercise due diligence of its relevant suppliers consistent with the OECD Due 
Diligence Guidance for Responsible Supply Chains of Minerals from Conflict-
Affected and High-Risk Areas and expect those suppliers to do the same with their 
own suppliers; 
• 
Engage and collaborate with its suppliers to work toward a DRC conflict-free supply 
chain for Baxter’s products;  
• 
Continue to collaborate with suppliers to help Baxter demonstrate measurable 
improvement in ensuring that the company is sourcing 3TG responsibly and from 
conflict-free sources; 
• 
Through its affiliated company Baxter Healthcare Corporation, support responsible 
sourcing of 3TG by participating as a member of the Responsible Minerals Initiative 
and donating to this organization’s smelter audit program; and 

Baxter Healthcare Ltd 
Wallingford Road / Compton / Newbury / Berkshire / RG20 7QW / Great Britain 
T 01635 206000   F 01635 206115 
Registered Office: Caxton Way / Thetford / Norfolk / IP24 3SE   Registered in England No. 461365 
 
 
 
UK-PH00-240011 (V2.0) 07/2024 
• 
Continue to monitor, adapt, and modify our due diligence practices to conform to 
the recognized industry best practices. 
Baxter’s ultimate parent company, Baxter International Inc, filed a Form SD and Conflict 
Minerals Report with the U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission for the year ended 
December 31, 2023. 
 
 
Conclusion 
Baxter complies with its obligations under the Modern Slavery Act, and we acknowledge 
that this is an important area of compliance for our customers. Baxter is committed to 
continuous improvement in our approach to managing supply chain risk. Responsibility for 
ensuring we meet our obligations requires cross-functional collaboration involving many 
internal commercial and functional business units, including Procurement, Human 
Resources, EHS & Sustainability, and Legal, and has the sponsorship of Baxter’s UK Senior 
Leadership Team. 
 
Baxter continues to monitor and review its compliance processes, to ensure transparency 
and anti-slavery compliance across its UK business and supply chain. 
 
 
This statement was reviewed and approved by the Board of Directors of Baxter Healthcare 
Ltd on 28 June 2024. 
 
 
Signature     
  
 
 
Name            Natasha Rees 
 
 
Position         Country Lead, UK and Ire 
 
Director 
Date               
 
 
 
Natasha Rees (Jul 5, 2024 13:13 GMT+1)
Natasha Rees
05-Jul-2024

