Making a Meaningful 
Difference
2023 CORPORATE 
RESPONSIBILITY REPORT

  2
2023 CORPORATE RESPONSIBILITY REPORT
CONTENTS
	3	 From the Chair,  
President and CEO
	4	 Company Profile
	5 	Corporate Responsibility  
Commitment
	 6	 Performance Goals
	 6	 United Nations Sustainable Development Goals
	 7	 Corporate Responsibility Governance and 
Management
	 8	 Stakeholder Engagement
	 8	 Materiality
	9	 2030 Corporate  
Responsibility Goals
	11	 Reach More Underserved Kidney Patients
	11	 Consistently Improve Manufacturing 
Capabilities
	12	 Achieve Carbon Neutrality for Direct 
Operations by 2040
	12	 Implement Strategic Water Management Plans
	13	 Advance Sustainable Procurement
	13	 Implement Strategic Materials and Waste 
Management Plans
	14	 Invest in Underserved Communities Globally
	14	 Achieve Top Quartile Workplace Safety 
Performance
	15	 Increase Representation of Women and Ethnic 
Minorities in Leadership Roles
	16	 Cross-Cutting 
Commitments
	 17	 Ethics and Compliance
	 17	 Privacy and Data Protection
	 18	 Human Rights	
	 18	 Diversity, Equity and Inclusion
	19	 Appendix
	 19	 About This Report
	 20	 Materiality Assessment Findings
	 21	 Policies and Standards
	 22	 Data Summary
	 25	 Value Chain Energy Usage and GHG 
Emissions
	 26	 Facilities with ISO 14001, ISO 45001,  
ISO 50001 and Green Building Certifications
	 27	 Additional Disclosures
	 31	 LRQA Independent Assurance Statement
	 32	 GRI Content Index
	 34	 Sustainability Accounting Standards  
Board Index
	 36	 Task Force on Climate-related Financial 
Disclosures Index
	 43	 Endnotes
LRQA Group Limited (LRQA) verified Baxter’s Scope 1, 2 and 3 greenhouse gas 
emissions. See the related assurance statement. LRQA also assured the following 
sections of the report. See the related assurance statements in English and Spanish.
•	 Achieve Carbon Neutrality for Direct Operations by 2040 
•	 Implement Strategic Water Management Plans 
•	 Advance Sustainable Procurement
•	 Implement Strategic Materials and Waste Management Plans 
•	 Achieve Top Quartile Workplace Safety Performance
•	 Protecting Human Rights in Our Supply Chain subsection of Human Rights 
•	 Supplier Diversity subsection of Diversity, Equity and Inclusion 
•	 Related material in the Appendix: 
Data Summary; Value Chain Energy Usage and GHG Emissions; Facilities with ISO 14001, ISO 45001, 
ISO 50001 and Green Building Certifications; Additional Disclosures 
Select financial data included in the Data Summary is taken from the audited consolidated 
financial statements contained in the Baxter International Inc. 2023 Annual Report on Form 10-K. 
These financial statements are audited by Baxter’s independent registered public accounting firm, 
PricewaterhouseCoopers LLP.
From the Chair, 
President and CEO
Company Profile
Corporate Responsibility 
Commitment
2030 Corporate 
Responsibility Goals
Cross-Cutting 
Commitments
Appendix

  3
2023 CORPORATE RESPONSIBILITY REPORT
JOSÉ (JOE) E. ALMEIDA
Chair, President and Chief Executive Officer
From the Chair, President and CEO
Baxter’s Mission to Save and Sustain Lives 
encompasses far more than our broad portfolio 
of healthcare products: it reflects our abiding 
commitment to make a meaningful difference across 
the communities where we live, work and serve 
more than 350 million patients each year.
This passion has been fundamental to our corporate 
character since our founding nearly a century ago. 
Most recently it has been brought to life through 
our 2030 Corporate Responsibility Commitment, 
a decade-spanning framework launched in 2021 
focused on creating lasting environmental, social 
and economic value across three critical pillars: 
Empower Our Patients, Protect Our Planet, and 
Champion Our People and Communities. We 
consistently measure and evaluate our performance, 
identify opportunities to drive even greater impact 
and communicate our progress through this 
important publication—our annual Corporate 
Responsibility Report.
Each of our 2030 Corporate Responsibility Goals is 
advanced through clearly stated initiatives, financial 
support and governance measures, to help ensure 
progress and accountability. In 2023, we made 
further progress in this journey, and you can find 
many noteworthy highlights in the pages that follow.
To spotlight just a few, Baxter:
•	 Completed 150 energy-conservation projects  
in 2023, which are estimated to reduce  
greenhouse gas (GHG) emissions by approximately 
21,100 metric tons carbon dioxide equivalent  
per year beginning in 2024—nearly double the 
GHG emissions reduction achieved with energy 
projects completed in 2022
•	 Published our first report against the Task 
Force on Climate-related Financial Disclosures 
framework
•	 Announced a partnership with UNICEF and a 
$2.5 million commitment through the Baxter 
International Foundation to improve climate-
smart access to safe drinking water and 
sanitation in water-challenged regions of Egypt
•	 Invested nearly $4.5 million in multiyear 
programs through Baxter and the Baxter 
International Foundation to support science, 
technology, engineering and mathematics 
(STEM) students at Historically Black Colleges 
and Universities in the United States as well 
as scholarships for ethnically diverse students 
pursuing healthcare careers in Ireland 
•	 Continued to achieve top quartile workplace 
safety performance, as measured by total 
recordable incident rate
In 2023, Baxter also advanced a broad slate of 
strategic transformation initiatives designed 
to strengthen our business and promote even 
greater impact for our wide-ranging stakeholder 
base. We implemented a new global operating 
model to streamline and simplify our business 
structure into four global segments, divested 
our BioPharma Solutions business and prepared 
for the planned separation of our Kidney Care 
segment, currently expected to occur in the 
second half of 2024. The goal of these and related 
initiatives is to get closer to our customers, 
accelerate innovation and better position 
Baxter to make a sustained impact for the many 
stakeholder communities that depend on us.
As our corporate profile evolves (including 
after completion of the proposed Kidney Care 
separation), we will continue to ensure that 
our long-range corporate responsibility goals 
align with our opportunities, business and 
trajectory. As always, the Baxter team remains 
strongly committed to doing business the right 
way while working to address key priorities 
that affect our patients, customers, employees, 
communities and other stakeholders. I salute 
our Baxter employees around the world—a team 
approximately 60,000 strong—whose dedication 
powers our performance as a corporate 
responsibility leader.
From the Chair, 
President and CEO
Company Profile
Corporate Responsibility 
Commitment
2030 Corporate 
Responsibility Goals
Cross-Cutting 
Commitments
Appendix

  4
2023 CORPORATE RESPONSIBILITY REPORT
Company Profile 
Every day, millions of patients, caregivers and 
healthcare providers rely on Baxter’s broad portfolio 
of essential healthcare products, therapies and digital 
health solutions used across the care continuum. 
Everything we do converges at the critical intersection 
where products that save and sustain lives meet the 
healthcare professionals and caregivers who make 
it all happen. Throughout the companyʼs history, we 
have demonstrated a commitment to research and 
development (R&D), and we have a rich history of 
firsts, from the first commercially manufactured 
intravenous (IV) solutions to the first portable kidney 
dialysis machine, among others.
Our broad portfolio helps us to meet the needs of 
health systems, clinicians and patients as we work to 
better understand their diverse and critical needs. Our 
portfolio includes sterile IV solutions, infusion systems 
and devices, parenteral nutrition therapies, acute 
and chronic dialysis therapies, inhaled anesthetics, 
generic injectable pharmaceuticals, surgical hemostat 
and sealant products, advanced surgical equipment, 
smart bed systems, patient monitoring and diagnostic 
technologies, and respiratory health devices. Baxter 
is currently targeting separating the Kidney Care 
business, which includes our acute and chronic dialysis 
therapies, in the second half of 2024. 
Our Mission is to Save and Sustain Lives. To achieve 
this, we aim to transform healthcare with a customer 
focus to help to improve patient outcomes, enhance 
workflow efficiency and enable cost-effective care.
COMPANY OVERVIEW, 2023*
Corporate headquarters: Deerfield, Illinois, United States
REVENUE BY SEGMENT (CONTINUING OPERATIONS), 2023*
INNOVATION
We are advancing innovation to improve care outcomes and 
address the needs of patients, caregivers and customers.
In 2023, Baxter invested more than $650 million in R&D. 
Our robust product pipeline is designed to help clinicians 
be more efficient and effective as they treat patients 
across multiple care settings, including hospitals, 
nursing homes, rehabilitation centers, ambulatory 
surgery centers, kidney dialysis centers, physicians’ 
offices and patients’ homes under physician supervision. 
Within connected care, we develop devices and software 
that can connect, communicate and/or analyze data to 
help transform healthcare. Within our core therapies, 
we leverage our deep history and experience to design 
products and solutions that help address patient and 
provider needs.
While proposed new product launches are subject to 
obtaining required regulatory approvals and clearances, 
we continue to prepare to introduce innovations to help 
improve care for patients around the world. These include 
digital health and connected care solutions for the 
hospital and home, a next-generation airway-clearance 
therapy, a platform for intelligent alarms, expansion 
of an infusion pump platform to additional markets, 
developments in home dialysis technology, surgical 
devices, generic injectables, drug-delivery offerings, 
complex pharmaceutical formulations and more.
Innovation is also essential to driving progress toward 
our 2030 Corporate Responsibility Commitment and 
Goals. For instance, using advanced technologies, we 
work to consistently enhance the safety and quality of 
our products. By transitioning toward a more circular 
approach to making and delivering products, we strive 
to meet rapidly evolving market demands, reduce waste 
and maximize materials value throughout the product 
life cycle. These examples and many others are included 
throughout this report. 
$40
in charitable giving
million+
 
in Belgium, China, Germany, 
India, Italy, Japan, Sweden 
and the United States
R&D
centers
20+ countries
~60
manufacturing 
sites in
350 
million+
patients reached per year
employees
~60,000
100+
Products 
available in
countries
    * As of Dec. 31, 2023. 
* As of Dec. 31, 2023. Percentages may not add up to 100% due to rounding.
34%
20%
$14.8B
Medical 
Products & 
Therapies
Healthcare 
Systems & 
Technologies
15%
Pharmaceuticals
30%
Kidney Care
 
Total revenue
    * As of Dec. 31, 2023. 
  ** As previously publicly announced, Baxter intends to separate  
	
the companyʼs Kidney Care business and is currently targeting to 	
	
complete the proposed separation in the second half of 2024.
REVENUE BY PRODUCT CATEGORY, 2023*
Learn more about our financial performance in the 
Baxter 2023 Annual Report on Form 10-K.
Our approach to corporate responsibility supports 
Baxterʼs goals to achieve top quartile results 
relative to industry peers and other comparators 
across four dimensions:
Patient safety 
and Quality
Growth through 
innovation
Best place  
to work
Industry-leading 
performance
Infusion Therapies 
& Technologies
Advanced Surgery
$4.0B
$1.1B
Care & Connectivity 
Solutions
Front Line Care
$1.8B
$1.2B
Injectables & Anesthesia
Drug Compounding
$1.3B
$0.9B
$3.7B
$0.8B
Chronic Therapies**
Acute Therapies**
Healthcare Systems
& Technologies
Medical Products 
& Therapies 
Pharmaceuticals
Kidney Care
From the Chair, 
President and CEO
Company Profile
Corporate Responsibility 
Commitment
2030 Corporate 
Responsibility Goals
Cross-Cutting 
Commitments
Appendix

  5
2023 CORPORATE RESPONSIBILITY REPORT
Corporate Responsibility Commitment
Baxter is committed to addressing environmental, 
social and governance topics impacting our 
patients, customers, employees, communities 
and other stakeholders worldwide.  
  5
2023 CORPORATE RESPONSIBILITY REPORT
From the Chair, 
President and CEO
Company Profile
Corporate Responsibility 
Commitment
2030 Corporate 
Responsibility Goals
Cross-Cutting 
Commitments
Appendix
From the Chair, 
President and CEO
Company Profile
Corporate Responsibility 
Commitment
2030 Corporate 
Responsibility Goals
Cross-Cutting 
Commitments
Appendix

  6
2023 CORPORATE RESPONSIBILITY REPORT
Corporate Responsibility 
Commitment
Baxterʼs Mission to Save and Sustain Lives extends beyond the 
products, therapies and services we offer. We are driven by the 
possibility of making a meaningful difference in the world— 
not just today, but for generations to come. Our approach to 
corporate responsibility is grounded in creating a more 
sustainable and responsible business model with innovations  
in healthcare at the core. 
We remain focused on our 2030 Corporate Responsibility 
Commitment and Goals, which strive to create comprehensive 
and lasting value through our three pillars: Empower Our 
Patients, Protect Our Planet, and Champion Our People and 
Communities. These pillars are bolstered by strong governance 
and cross-cutting commitments to responsible practices  
across our business.
With more than 30 years of reporting on our environmental 
performance, we have consistently broadened and enhanced our 
reporting on the corporate responsibility topics that are priorities 
for Baxter and our stakeholders. For example, since 2019, we have 
published an annual Sustainability Accounting Standards Board 
(SASB) Index in alignment with the Medical Equipment & Supplies 
Sustainability Accounting Standard. In December 2023, we issued 
our inaugural report against the framework established by the 
Task Force on Climate-related Financial Disclosures (TCFD) as a 
stand-alone and subsequently published supplement to our 2022 
Corporate Responsibility Report. Baxter’s current TCFD Index is 
included in the Appendix of this report. Disclosing a broad range 
of corporate responsibility metrics enables stakeholders to better 
assess our programs and performance. 
Performance Goals
Our 2030 Corporate Responsibility Commitment features 10 goals 
for prioritized action, which we disclose progress toward in this 
report. Setting goals across a broad range of topics demonstrates 
our commitment, reinforces accountability and helps to drive 
ongoing improvement. In connection with the proposed separation 
of Baxterʼs Kidney Care business, we will assess our commitment 
and goals and adjust them as needed and if appropriate.
United Nations 
Sustainable 
Development Goals
We are proud to affirm our support for the United 
Nations Sustainable Development Goals (UN SDGs) and 
2030 Agenda—a global blueprint for achieving a more 
sustainable future. While our business and corporate 
responsibility initiatives align with certain of the UN 
SDGs, we focus especially on the following:
GOAL 12:
Responsible 
Consumption  
 and Production
GOAL 3:
Good  
Health and  
Well-Being
GOAL 6:  
Clean 
Water and 
Sanitation
BAXTER CORPORATE RESPONSIBILITY PILLARS AND CROSS-CUTTING COMMITMENTS
PHOTO:  Children celebrating the setup of water connections. Egypt, January 2022.  CREDIT:  UNICEF/UN0639396/Ahmed Emad
From the Chair, 
President and CEO
Company Profile
Corporate Responsibility 
Commitment
2030 Corporate 
Responsibility Goals
Cross-Cutting 
Commitments
Appendix

  7
2023 CORPORATE RESPONSIBILITY REPORT
•	 Periodically lead Baxterʼs “materiality assessments”1 
to help validate the direction and focus of our corporate 
responsibility programs
SENIOR LEADER ACCOUNTABILITY
To drive further accountability, the individual performance 
assessment under the Annual Incentive Plan for our 
Operating Committee—which includes all of the CEOʼs 
direct reports—is based, in part, on Baxter’s performance 
against preestablished measures for certain strategic 
priorities, including those related to corporate responsibility. 
For example, the strategic priorities in 2023 included:
•	 Patient safety and quality, including product safety and 
quality systems
•	 Best place to work, including diversity in the workforce, 
culture and talent
•	 Environmental, health and safety measures
•	 Growth through innovation, including Baxterʼs ongoing 
digital transformation and innovative ecosystem
Executive leaders are also assigned to each of our 2030 
Corporate Responsibility Goals to help promote the 
accountability of cross-functional teams responsible for 
achieving the goals. Learn more.
CORPORATE RESPONSIBILITY STEERING COMMITTEE
Our executive cross-functional Corporate Responsibility 
Steering Committee (Steering Committee) includes senior 
leaders throughout the organization, including executive 
officers; it provides direction and oversight to our corporate 
responsibility initiatives and advances our corporate 
responsibility strategy and culture. The Steering Committee 
meets or receives updates quarterly to monitor policies, 
action plans and strategies as well as other matters of 
significance to the company’s reputation as a socially 
responsible organization, and also provides guidance to 
Baxter’s Corporate Responsibility Council. 
CORPORATE RESPONSIBILITY COUNCIL
Baxter’s Corporate Responsibility Council is composed of 
cross-functional leaders and representatives, and meets 
throughout the year to:
•	 Track progress toward our 2030 Corporate Responsibility 
Commitment and Goals and deliver regular updates to the 
Steering Committee and an annual update to our Board of 
Directors—helping to promote high standards of accountability
•	 Solicit and review stakeholder input on Baxter’s corporate 
responsibility programs, priorities, goals and disclosures, 
as well as broader industry trends
Corporate 
Responsibility 
Governance and 
Management
Corporate responsibility matters receive strategic 
guidance and oversight at the highest levels of the 
company. This includes:
•	 Baxter’s Chair, President and Chief Executive  
Officer (CEO)
•	 Many of Baxter’s CEO’s direct reports and other 
functional leaders 
•	 The Board of Directors (Board)
•	 The Board’s Compensation and Human Capital 
Committee (CHC Committee); Nominating,  
Corporate Governance and Public Policy Committee 
(NCGPP Committee); and Quality and Regulatory 
Compliance Committee (QRC Committee)
BOARD OF DIRECTORS OVERSIGHT
Baxter’s Board of Directors plays a critical role in 
corporate responsibility oversight. The full Board is 
updated at least annually on corporate responsibility 
matters, including our goals and industry trends. 
The QRC Committee and NCGPP Committee share 
oversight for corporate-responsibility-related matters, 
and, beginning in February 2023, the CHC Committee 
assumed responsibility for certain human capital 
management matters. The QRC Committee oversees 
issues related to environmental, health and employee 
safety, sustainability, and quality and regulatory 
compliance matters. The NCGPP Committee oversees 
other aspects of Baxterʼs corporate responsibility, 
including charitable contributions, public policy, 
access to healthcare and other social and governance 
matters. The CHC Committee oversees succession 
planning for key members of management (other than 
the Chair, President and CEO), leadership development 
and diversity, equity and inclusion initiatives. 
GOVERNANCE AND MANAGEMENT OF CORPORATE RESPONSIBILITY AT BAXTER
Visit Baxter’s website for information 
and links related to our corporate 
governance practices, including:
•	 Corporate Governance Guidelines
•	 Board of Directors, Committees 
and Committee Charters
•	 Code of Conduct
•	 Securities Trading Policy
Our website also includes links to 
additional standards and policies for 
our employees and suppliers that 
help us drive a culture of integrity and 
ethical behavior.
CORPORATE GOVERNANCE RESOURCES
Board of Directors 
Corporate Responsibility Steering Committee
Corporate Responsibility Working Group
Co-Chairs of Corporate Responsibility Council
VP, Environment, Health, Safety and Sustainability                  VP, Corporate Responsibility and Global Philanthropy
EVP and Group President, Pharmaceuticals     
EVP and Group President, Healthcare Systems and Technologies 
EVP and Group President, Kidney Care
SVP, Chief Accounting Officer and Controller      
SVP, Chief Quality Officer     
SVP, Chief Investor Relations Officer  
SVP, Chief Information Officer          
SVP, Global Communications
VP, Finance, Financial Planning and Analysis               
VP, Audit 
SVP and Corporate Secretary 
EVP and Group President, Medical Products and Therapies
EVP and Chief Human Resources Officer
EVP and Chief Supply Chain Officer
Chair, President and CEO
EVP and Chief Financial Officer
EVP and General Counsel
Corporate Responsibility Council Members and 2030 Goal Leaders
Quality and Regulatory 
Compliance Committee
Compensation and Human 
Capital Committee
Nominating, Corporate Governance 
and Public Policy Committee
PHOTO CREDIT:  Habitat for Humanity Lake County
From the Chair, 
President and CEO
Company Profile
Corporate Responsibility 
Commitment
2030 Corporate 
Responsibility Goals
Cross-Cutting 
Commitments
Appendix

  8
2023 CORPORATE RESPONSIBILITY REPORT
Stakeholder 
Engagement
Baxter collaborates with a broad range of stakeholders—
including communities, customers, employees, 
healthcare providers, industry associations, investors, 
nongovernmental organizations, patients and patient 
advocacy groups, payers, regulators/policymakers and 
suppliers—to understand their perspectives and inform 
how we address our 2030 Corporate Responsibility 
Commitment and Goals as well as our cross-cutting 
commitments. We routinely engage with our primary 
stakeholder groups, including through professional 
membership associations, to assess the corporate 
responsibility topics that are most relevant to our business.
Materiality
2 
To understand and prioritize topics that are important to the 
long-term sustainability of our business and most relevant 
to our stakeholders, we periodically conduct assessments 
that are commonly referred to as “materiality assessments.” 
These analyses (which may differ from those conducted for 
financial statement or other disclosure purposes) inform our 
corporate responsibility strategy, commitment and goals. 
See a list of our material topics (as defined during our 2022 
assessment) and their impacts across our value chain.  
For more information about the process we undertook and 
the key findings of that assessment, see page 8 of our  
2022 Corporate Responsibility Report.
As part of the company’s corporate governance outreach program, members of Baxter’s management 
team and members of the Board, including the company’s Lead Independent Director, the Chair of the 
CHC Committee and the Chair of the NCGPP Committee, engage with investors on a range of topics. 
Beginning in April 2023 and through early 2024, the company engaged in discussions with stockholders 
representing approximately 35% of the company’s outstanding shares (calculated as of Dec. 31, 2023). 
Topics discussed included:
•	 Company strategy and performance (including the proposed separation of the Kidney Care  
business and the completed divestiture of the BioPharma Solutions business)
•	 The implementation of our simplified operating model
•	 Corporate governance matters (including Board composition, diversity and refreshment  
and the 2023 stockholder proposals)
•	 The Board’s leadership structure
•	 Executive compensation (including the 2023 Say on Pay vote and related considerations)
•	 Corporate responsibility initiatives 
Stockholder feedback is a consideration in Board discussions and was shared with the full Board 
and relevant committees.
STOCKHOLDER ENGAGEMENT
From the Chair, 
President and CEO
Company Profile
Corporate Responsibility 
Commitment
2030 Corporate 
Responsibility Goals
Cross-Cutting 
Commitments
Appendix

2030 Corporate Responsibility Goals
Our 10 goals prioritize action on the 
environmental, social and governance topics 
that matter most to our stakeholders. 
  9
2023 CORPORATE RESPONSIBILITY REPORT
From the Chair, 
President and CEO
Company Profile
Corporate Responsibility 
Commitment
2030 Corporate 
Responsibility Goals
Cross-Cutting 
Commitments
Appendix

  10
2023 CORPORATE RESPONSIBILITY REPORT
PILLARS
GOALS
PERFORMANCE
EMPOWER  
OUR PATIENTS
Reach More Underserved  
Kidney Patients
Double the number of patients reached in underserved markets*  
through our peritoneal dialysis (PD) portfolio.
*Countries outside of the United States, Canada, Western Europe, Japan, Korea, Australia 
and New Zealand (198,000 patients in base year 2020). 
As of the end of 2023, we were helping to care for approximately 185,000 patients in underserved markets 
through our PD portfolio, 6.6% fewer than our baseline. Learn more.
Consistently Improve  
Manufacturing Capabilities
Achieve a 10% year-over-year improvement in manufacturing process 
capability for prioritized products.*
*As measured by the year-over-year decrease in defect rate until each product’s process 
capability goal is met.
In 2023, we achieved a 9% improvement** compared with 2022 for our priority area of reducing the rate of 
leaks for sterilized solutions and sets. Learn more.
**Based on the 37 sites fully active in the program during the reporting period.
PROTECT  
OUR PLANET
Achieve Carbon Neutrality  
for Direct Operations by 2040
Achieve carbon neutrality for our direct operations by 2040 and 
reduce absolute Scope 1 and 2 greenhouse gas (GHG) emissions 25% 
by 2030, aligned with a well-below 2⁰ Celsius science-based target.   
In 2023, we reduced absolute Scope 1 and 2 GHG emissions by 4.1% compared with 2022 and 4.6% compared 
with our base year 2020. We estimate that the energy-conservation projects we completed during the year  
as part of our Climate Action Roadmap will reduce GHG emissions by approximately 21,100 metric tons carbon 
dioxide equivalent, nearly double the reduction we achieved with energy projects completed in 2022. Learn more.
Implement Strategic  
Water Management Plans
Implement strategic water management plans at prioritized 
manufacturing locations.*
*Identify prioritized locations using a risk-based approach by the end of 2023.
In 2023, we achieved our milestone to use a risk-based approach to identify prioritized locations for strategic 
water management plans. This included the completion of 17 water risk and resilience assessments during 
the year, in addition to assessments and surveys conducted in prior years. A total of 14 facilities will move 
forward with water management plans. Learn more.
Advance Sustainable  
Procurement
Integrate Baxter’s sustainable procurement strategy across 90% of  
our supplier spend.*
*As measured by supplier commitment to Baxter’s Ethics & Compliance Standards and 
Baxter’s completion of corporate responsibility audits within our supply base.
In 2023, 53% of our suppliers, by spend, committed to Baxter’s Ethics & Compliance Standards (through 
affirmations made in underlying supplier contracts).** We also developed the Baxter Global Supplier 
Standards Manual, to support conducting supplier corporate responsibility audits in the future. Learn more.
**The balance of supplier spend is governed by Baxter’s purchase order terms and conditions, which help ensure suppliers comply with our 
guidelines and all applicable laws.
Implement Strategic Materials  
and Waste Management Plans
Implement prioritized waste mitigation opportunities* in Baxter’s 
integrated supply chain, from procurement to distribution.
*Identify prioritized waste generation sources by the end of 2024.
In 2023, we completed comprehensive waste assessments at three manufacturing sites and began a circular 
economy** pilot at two sites. We also continued to mitigate waste through process efficiency, waste reduction 
at the source, reuse, recovery, recycling and landfill diversion. Learn more.
**Circular economy is a model of keeping materials in circulation and avoiding waste.
CHAMPION OUR  
PEOPLE AND  
COMMUNITIES
Invest in Underserved  
Communities Globally
Invest $275 million in underserved communities through strategic 
partnerships and product donations from Baxter and the Baxter 
International Foundation (the Foundation).
In 2023, Baxter and the Foundation invested more than $40 million in underserved communities through 
strategic partnerships and product donations. Since the beginning of 2021, we have invested more than 
$143 million. Learn more.
Achieve Top Quartile Workplace 
Safety Performance
Achieve top quartile workplace safety performance annually in total 
recordable incident rate.*
*Among global companies across industries as reported by the U.S. Bureau of Labor Statistics.
In 2023, Baxterʼs total recordable incident rate ranked in the top quartile, achieving our goal for the year.** 
Learn more.
**Compared with 2022 top quartile data, which was the most recent data available from the U.S. Bureau of Labor Statistics on Jan. 1, 2023 
(the beginning of the reporting period).
Increase Representation  
of Women and Ethnic  
Minorities in  
Leadership Roles
Through hiring, promotion and retention, aspire to increase representation 
of women in leadership roles globally to 40%.*
*Assuming labor market conditions continue to support the goal. Leadership role is defined  
as director and above. 
As of Dec. 31, 2023, 37% of people in leadership roles at Baxter globally were women, up from 35% in 2022. 
Learn more. 
Through hiring, promotion and retention, aspire to increase representation 
of ethnic minorities in leadership roles in the United States to 25%.* 
*Assuming labor market conditions continue to support the goal. Leadership role is defined 
as director and above. 
As of Dec. 31, 2023, 23% of people in leadership roles at Baxter in the United States were ethnic minorities, 
up from 22% in 2022. Learn more.
2030 Corporate Responsibility Goals
The base year for these goals is 2020 and the target achievement year is 2030, unless stated otherwise. In connection with the proposed separation of Baxterʼs Kidney Care business, we will assess our commitment and goals and adjust them as needed and if appropriate.  
Our 2030 Corporate Responsibility Goals support Baxterʼs top quartile goals, which include:
Patient safety 
and Quality
Best place 
to work
Growth through 
innovation
Industry-leading 
performance
From the Chair, 
President and CEO
Company Profile
Corporate Responsibility 
Commitment
2030 Corporate 
Responsibility Goals
Cross-Cutting 
Commitments
Appendix

  11
2023 CORPORATE RESPONSIBILITY REPORT
APPROACH AND PROGRESS
People in developing countries are at a higher risk of 
developing kidney disease and have less access to the 
life-sustaining therapy needed to survive the disease. 
For this reason, Baxter works to reach patients in 
these countries through our PD portfolio, with the goal 
of doubling the number of patients reached between 
2020 and 2030. 
While we achieved growth in access to care globally in 
2023, there were challenges in reaching patients in 
underserved countries. This was driven by slower patient 
growth than expected in key markets due to the prolonged 
effects of pandemic-driven mortality issues from COVID-19. 
Although this contributed to an overall drop in the number 
of underserved patients we reached with our PD portfolio 
in 2023, we continued to help drive access to care globally, 
including in developing markets such as Latin America 
and Eastern Europe.  
During the year, we continued our efforts to increase 
access to PD for underserved kidney patients through the 
following three focus areas.
Driving shared decision-making:  We provide practical 
tools and information to help patients work with their 
healthcare providers to choose therapies that best align 
with their lifestyle goals. Highlights from 2023 include:
•	 Broadened access to the My Kidney Journey website1  
to include the Middle East, and doubled the number 
of users—reaching 500,000 new visitors through this 
patient- and clinician-focused platform  
•	 Expanded our PD Ambassador Program to educate 
clinicians about the benefits of PD while providing a 
discussion forum for new publications and developments 
in the treatment of chronic kidney disease2 
Advocating for access to PD:  We continue to support 
public policies, economic analyses and collaborations 
that advance access to PD. In 2023, we conducted
work in nearly 20 countries to improve access to PD. 
Highlights include:
•	 Working with governments in Eastern Europe, Latin 
America and Southeast Asia to advocate for greater 
patient access to home dialysis
•	 Continuing our leadership of the International Home 
Dialysis Roundtable (which includes patient advocacy 
groups, clinical societies and industry representatives 
from 32 countries), including the launch of a home 
dialysis resource center for patients and caregivers 
Expanding innovation and services:  Innovation that 
meets the local needs of patients is critical to expanding 
access to care. In 2023, we continued to expand the 
use of Sharesource, our digital health platform for 
remote patient management. As of the end of 2023, this 
platform had connected 70,000 patients in 85 countries 
and helped to facilitate 70 million treatments.  
Moving forward:  Due to the proposed separation of 
Baxterʼs Kidney Care business, 2023 will be the final 
year Baxter reports against this goal, although the 
Kidney Care business will continue to focus on 
expanding access to care. 
APPROACH AND PROGRESS
Baxter is committed to patient safety and strives to 
deliver high-quality, defect-free products. In 2023, 
we continued our multiyear effort to reduce the rate 
of leaks for our sterilized solutions and sets, making 
substantial progress in expanding the program from 
eight to 37 sites and achieving a 9% reduction in 
leak defects year over year. We believe there will be 
further improvements as we implement new capability 
enhancements across our manufacturing facilities in 
the coming years. 
We remain committed to achieving our goals with a 
renewed vision and an acute focus on reducing leaks. 
Strengthening our foundation:  Excellence in 
execution and complying with regulatory requirements 
are foundational in helping to ensure the quality of our 
products. Baxter continues to make capital investments 
to update our facilities and implement new technology 
systems and analytical tools that help drive robust, 
data-driven decision-making to strengthen our 
processes and controls.
Innovating for the future:  Baxter uses digital 
solutions to improve products and processes and 
implements systems to help detect and remove defects. 
For example, our quality and integrated supply chain 
teams use tools that provide advanced real-time data 
analytics and insights for certain of our processes.  
We also use sensors to proactively monitor equipment 
health and detect anomalies in real time to help achieve 
Reach More Underserved Kidney Patients 
Consistently Improve Manufacturing Capabilities    
	
	
	
	
	
   Double the number of patients reached in underserved markets* 
through our peritoneal dialysis (PD) portfolio.  
*Countries outside of the United States, Canada, Western Europe, Japan, Korea, Australia and New Zealand (198,000 patients in base year 2020).
2030 CORPORATE RESPONSIBILITY GOAL
	
	
       As of the end of 2023, we were helping to care for approximately 185,000 patients in 
underserved markets through our PD portfolio, 6.6% fewer than our baseline. 
PERFORMANCE 
2030 CORPORATE RESPONSIBILITY GOAL
	
	
	
	
	
   Achieve a 10% year-over-year improvement in manufacturing process 
capability for prioritized products.* 
*As measured by the year-over-year decrease in defect rate until each product’s process capability goal is met. 
PERFORMANCE 
	
	
      In 2023, we achieved a 9% improvement** compared with 2022 for our priority area of reducing 
the rate of leaks for sterilized solutions and sets.
**Based on the 37 sites fully active in the program during the reporting period.
optimal operating conditions. In addition, we are deploying 
machine learning devices for condition-based maintenance 
of critical systems and artificial intelligence systems for 
enhanced quality control.
Engagement with regulators:  We continue to work with 
health authorities around the world to foster innovation 
and secure regulatory approvals. In 2023, we advanced 
our parametric release3 strategy, obtaining approval for 
seven additional products to use this innovative release 
program. Furthermore, Baxter received U.S. Food and 
Drug Administration approval for rapid sterility testing for 
select aseptic products, through which we can complete 
sterility testing for finished goods in half of the time. 
Both of these advancements help us to maintain the 
same level of product quality, while shortening the time it 
takes to deliver products to patients and caregivers. 
For more information about product safety and quality, 
see the Sustainability Accounting Standards Board (SASB) 
Index and the Data Summary in this report.
From the Chair, 
President and CEO
Company Profile
Corporate Responsibility 
Commitment
2030 Corporate 
Responsibility Goals
Cross-Cutting 
Commitments
Appendix

  12
2023 CORPORATE RESPONSIBILITY REPORT
APPROACH AND PROGRESS
Baxter4 has a long-standing commitment to reducing GHG 
emissions, conserving resources and limiting our impact 
on the environment. Between 2005 and 2015, we reduced 
our absolute GHG emissions by 19%. We reduced GHG 
emissions by another 13.6% between 2015 and 2020. Our 
Climate Action Roadmap outlines our plans to achieve 
carbon neutrality for our direct operations by 2040. Further, 
we report against the framework established by the Task 
Force on Climate-related Financial Disclosures (TCFD). 
Scope 1 and 2 emissions:  In 2023, Baxter’s total  
Scope 1 and 2 emissions5 from operations equaled  
570,000 metric tons CO2e, a 4.6% decrease in absolute 
emissions compared with 2020. During the year, in addition 
to energy-efficiency initiatives, we worked to decrease our 
GHG emissions through fuel switching, cogeneration, 
alternative energy systems, on-site renewable energy 
systems and renewable electricity procurement.
Energy:  Energy is one of our most significant manufacturing 
costs, accounting for 99% of Baxter’s GHG emissions from 
operations in 2023. Our Global Energy Program, certified to 
ISO 50001, applies this standard to the company’s facility-level 
energy management systems (some of which are also certified 
individually). Through our Lean Energy Program, Baxter’s 
manufacturing facilities advance through four levels (Gold, 
Silver, Bronze and Prerequisite) by meeting criteria for program 
and technical requirements and standards of operational 
excellence. In 2023, we used 3.0 million megawatt hours 
(MWh) of energy,6 0.2% less than in 2022 in absolute terms.
Site-specific energy assessments help us identify 
opportunities to conserve energy, such as 
implementing new technologies or adopting best 
practices, where appropriate. In 2023, we completed 
150 energy-conservation projects for an investment of 
approximately $25 million across our manufacturing 
sites. We estimate these projects will save approximately 
43,800 MWh of energy and $10 million in energy-related 
costs, and will reduce GHG emissions by approximately 
21,100 metric tons CO2e annually.7 
By the end of 2023, 33% of our energy use for operations 
was derived from renewable sources, amounting to 
979,000 MWh annually.8 In addition to our existing on-site 
renewable energy projects, we completed two on-site 
solar installations in 2023 that are expected to produce 
approximately 2,400 MWh and reduce GHG emissions by 
approximately 860 metric tons CO2e annually.9 In 2023, 
we purchased 528,000 MWh of electricity generated from 
100% certified renewable power. 
Scope 3 emissions:  While our carbon neutrality goal 
focuses on Scope 1 and 2 emissions, Baxter continues to 
calculate and focus on Scope 3 GHG emissions10 across 
our value chain, including through supplier engagement 
and our efforts to reduce emissions from product 
transport. For example, in 2023, we reduced air freight 
in favor of less carbon-intensive modes of shipping, 
and we optimized truck and container loads in the 
Americas and Europe, Middle East and Africa regions. 
For additional performance details see the Appendix  
of this report.
APPROACH AND PROGRESS
Water is a critical natural resource for our products and 
for the well-being of the communities where we operate. 
Water review and assessments:  As part of our 2030 
water management goal, we undertook a multiyear, 
comprehensive review of our strategic manufacturing sites 
to understand the local conditions and considerations of 
each. This included water risk and resilience assessments, 
infrastructure assessments and facility surveys. In 2023, 
we completed 17 water risk and resilience assessments, 
reaching a total of 21 over a two-year period (representing 
75% of Baxter’s total water use). 
Informed by an external evaluation of assessments 
conducted in 2022 and 2023, a summary of mitigation 
measures was developed, categorized by risk and 
organized by site, along with related cost analysis. As a 
result, we identified a preliminary list of 14 priority sites 
for which we will develop strategic water management 
plans and determine timeframes for the execution of 
improvement projects.     
Water management:  In 2023, we used approximately 
15 million cubic meters11 of water in total, a 2% increase 
compared with 2022, due to process changes and an 
increase in production at some sites.
We consistently focus on implementing conservation and 
efficiency projects at many of our manufacturing facilities, 
with an emphasis on sites located in water-stressed areas. 
For example, in 2023, we upgraded equipment at our facility 
Achieve Carbon Neutrality for Direct 
Operations by 2040 
Implement Strategic Water Management Plans    
	
	
	
	
	
   Achieve carbon neutrality for our direct operations by 2040 and 
reduce absolute Scope 1 and 2 greenhouse gas (GHG) emissions 25% by 2030, aligned with a well-below 2⁰ Celsius 
science-based target. (Base year 2020)
2030 CORPORATE RESPONSIBILITY GOAL
	
	
       In 2023, we reduced absolute Scope 1 and 2 GHG emissions by 4.1% compared with 2022 and 
4.6% compared with our base year 2020. We estimate that the energy-conservation projects we completed during 
the year as part of our Climate Action Roadmap will reduce GHG emissions by approximately 21,100 metric tons 
carbon dioxide equivalent (CO2e), nearly double the reduction we achieved with energy projects completed in 2022.
PERFORMANCE 
2030 CORPORATE RESPONSIBILITY GOAL
	
	
	
	
	
   Implement strategic water management plans at prioritized 
manufacturing locations.* 
*Identify prioritized locations using a risk-based approach by the end of 2023.
PERFORMANCE 
	
	
      In 2023, we achieved our milestone to use a risk-based approach to identify prioritized locations  
for strategic water management plans. This included the completion of 17 water risk and resilience assessments  
during the year, in addition to assessments and surveys conducted in prior years. A total of 14 facilities will move 
forward with water management plans.
in Toongabbie, Australia, and addressed leaks and other 
maintenance issues at our Irvine, California site. These 
actions reduced water consumption across the two sites 
by approximately 12,100 cubic meters in 2023 compared 
with 2022.
We use the World Resources Institute Aqueduct Water 
Risk Atlas version 4.0 to map and analyze current 
and future risks associated with water stress at our 
manufacturing sites with the most significant water use.12 
Our 59 manufacturing sites with the most significant 
water use represented 95% of our total water use in 2023. 
Of these sites, 32 are in medium-high, high and extremely 
high water-stress areas. See detail. 
Wastewater compliance:  Wastewater discharged from 
Baxter operations remains an important focus of our 
compliance program. We take a proactive, systematic 
approach to identifying, evaluating and managing 
wastewater issues. In 2023, these activities included 
refreshing the minimum requirements for facility 
wastewater-treatment operations, performing compliance 
assurance assessments at some sites, reviewing permits 
to understand compliance measures and engaging 
external consultants to perform evaluations of 
wastewater-treatment operations at key facilities to 
identify improvement opportunities.
Community water projects:  Learn about our partnerships 
to provide communities access to clean water in Colombia 
(Water for All, UNICEF USA), Egypt (UNICEF USA) and India 
(KPMG and Centre for Environment Education).
From the Chair, 
President and CEO
Company Profile
Corporate Responsibility 
Commitment
2030 Corporate 
Responsibility Goals
Cross-Cutting 
Commitments
Appendix

  13
2023 CORPORATE RESPONSIBILITY REPORT
APPROACH AND PROGRESS
Baxter drives sustainable practices in our global supply 
chain and seeks to partner with high-performing, 
innovative suppliers to deliver quality products to our 
customers and value for our stakeholders. We prioritize 
high standards in the areas of environment, labor and 
human rights, ethics, and sustainable procurement, 
alongside factors of cost, quality and delivery.
Our Sustainable Procurement Steering Committee, 
which oversees our efforts in this area, is chaired by 
our Chief Procurement Officer and includes leaders 
from our Supplier Quality, Finance, and Environmental, 
Health, Safety and Sustainability (EHS&S) teams.
Managing procurement risks:  We are continuing to 
integrate our supplier corporate responsibility strategy 
into our overall supplier management processes and 
conduct periodic assessments of key suppliers to 
evaluate cost, delivery, quality and risk.
Our supplier corporate responsibility risk profile includes 
in-depth risk mapping for applicable Baxter suppliers13 
based on location, performance, and goods and services 
provided. In addition to providing Baxter with aggregate 
data about risk across multiple dimensions of corporate 
responsibility, the profile also gives us visibility to 
individual supplier reporting in each of these areas. This 
risk profile helps us identify and prioritize suppliers with 
the greatest corporate-responsibility-related risks for 
additional due diligence, corrective action plans  
and/or on-site audits.
Supplier corporate responsibility audits:  Expanding 
our auditing scope will help to improve our understanding 
of corporate responsibility management and activities 
within Baxterʼs supplier base and help identify areas for 
improvement. In 2023, we continued developing our ability 
to audit suppliers’ corporate responsibility management 
systems and performance. This process is ongoing, 
and we plan to use internal auditing resources as well 
as third-party collaborations. During the year, we also 
developed the Global Supplier Standards Manual—a 
foundational document that includes a centralized set of 
standards, against which we will measure performance. 
We plan to begin conducting corporate responsibility 
audits in 2025 for any suppliers we identify as high risk 
based on supplier risk profiles and supplier corporate 
responsibility survey scores.
Supplier corporate responsibility survey:  We collaborate 
with EcoVadis, a globally recognized assessment 
platform that rates businessesʼ sustainability practices, 
to conduct an annual survey of our suppliers’ corporate 
responsibility programs and performance in the areas 
of environment, labor and human rights, ethics, and 
sustainable procurement. Through this program, 
Baxter and participating suppliers can access detailed 
scorecards with information about strengths, benchmark 
comparisons and improvement areas. We also leverage 
the EcoVadis system to create corrective action plans for 
suppliers falling below our performance standards and to 
determine when on-site audits will be necessary. We plan 
to include survey scores in business reviews with strategic 
suppliers in the future.
APPROACH AND PROGRESS
Our approach to reducing waste is broad, ranging from 
product design and materials use to manufacturing 
and distribution. We are working to identify all waste 
generation sources at Baxter and prioritize our top waste 
mitigation opportunities by the end of 2024. 
To support this work, in 2023, we conducted three 
manufacturing site waste assessments. We also initiated 
a circular economy pilot at our Cali, Colombia, and 
Cuernavaca, Mexico, facilities. Beginning with education 
for our employees and an exploration of how circularity 
principles can be applied to our manufacturing processes, 
this pilot will help inform our materials and waste 
management plans at these sites and others. 
Materials use in products and packaging:  Because 
materials use is a key driver of Baxter’s environmental 
footprint, we work to reduce materials use in products 
without affecting efficacy, and to avoid or minimize 
materials of concern. 
We also develop products that enable at-home care, which 
can lower environmental impact compared with hospital 
care. In 2023, we completed a life cycle assessment and a 
care pathway study, showing that the self-administration of 
antibiotics using a Baxter elastomeric pump in the patient’s 
home can reduce waste, climate and water impacts by 
91%, 85% and 78% respectively, compared with 22 days of 
antibiotics administered through inpatient hospital care.14  
Additionally, we strive to reduce materials use in 
packaging and explore opportunities to substitute with 
Advance Sustainable Procurement
Implement Strategic Materials and 
Waste Management Plans    
	
	
	
	
	
   Integrate Baxter’s sustainable procurement strategy across 90% 
of our supplier spend.* 
*As measured by supplier commitment to Baxter’s Ethics & Compliance Standards and Baxter’s completion of corporate responsibility audits  
within our supply base.
2030 CORPORATE RESPONSIBILITY GOAL
	 	
                      In 2023, 53% of our suppliers, by spend, committed to Baxter’s Ethics & Compliance 
Standards (through affirmations made in underlying supplier contracts).** We also developed the Baxter Global 
Supplier Standards Manual, to support conducting supplier corporate responsibility audits in the future. 
**The balance of supplier spend is governed by Baxter’s purchase order terms and conditions, which help ensure suppliers comply with our guidelines 	
	
and all applicable laws. 
PERFORMANCE 
2030 CORPORATE RESPONSIBILITY GOAL
	
	
	
	
	
   Implement prioritized waste mitigation opportunities* in Baxter’s 
integrated supply chain, from procurement to distribution. 
*Identify prioritized waste generation sources by the end of 2024.
PERFORMANCE 
	
	
      In 2023, we completed comprehensive waste assessments at three manufacturing sites and 
began a circular economy** pilot at two sites. We also continued to mitigate waste through process efficiency, waste 
reduction at the source, reuse, recovery, recycling and landfill diversion. 
**Circular economy is a model of keeping materials in circulation and avoiding waste.
environmentally preferable alternatives. For example, 
Baxter is changing the packaging of our Tissue Guard 
products from a jar containing chemical sterilization 
solution to a double-pouch system, where the patch is 
terminally sterilized, eliminating the need for solution. 
The new packaging should reduce materials use by 42% 
to 67% by weight, depending on the product, saving an 
estimated 32 metric tons of materials annually.15 This 
change will also help to reduce related electricity use and 
water consumption in the manufacturing process.
Operations:  In 2023, Baxter produced 78,600 metric tons 
of total waste (down 2.6% from 2022), 70,100 metric tons  
of nonhazardous waste (down 3.9% from 2022) and 
8,500 metric tons of regulated waste (up 9.2% from 2022).16 
In 2023, 71.8% of our total waste was diverted from 
landfill, including 62.2% recycled and 9.6% incinerated 
with energy recovery.
Product distribution:  Baxter aims to conserve natural 
resources and reduce waste during product distribution. 
For example, of the pallets we shipped to European 
customers in 2023, we recovered 32% for our own reuse 
and sold another 15% to our carriers for reuse. Of the 
total pallets we purchased in the Europe, Middle East and 
Africa region, 26% were preused.
Product end-of-life:  While Baxter’s 2030 waste goal 
focuses on our integrated supply chain, product end-of-life 
remains a priority for our company. We have programs to 
facilitate recycling of disposable products in select locations, 
and we service and redeploy electromechanical devices 
for reuse.
From the Chair, 
President and CEO
Company Profile
Corporate Responsibility 
Commitment
2030 Corporate 
Responsibility Goals
Cross-Cutting 
Commitments
Appendix

  14
2023 CORPORATE RESPONSIBILITY REPORT
APPROACH AND PROGRESS
Giving back is central to who we are and furthers Baxter’s 
Mission to Save and Sustain Lives. Through product 
donations and charitable financial investments from 
Baxter and the Foundation, we aim to develop impactful 
partnerships that make a meaningful difference in the 
communities where our employees live, work and give.
Baxter International Foundation financial 
contributions:  The Foundation partners with nonprofit 
organizations worldwide to increase access to healthcare 
for the underserved; bolster science, technology, 
engineering and math (STEM) education; and promote 
community resilience, primarily through initiatives around 
disaster relief and diversity, equity and inclusion (DE&I). 
The Foundation makes long-term investments in these 
areas through its Signature Partnerships worldwide. 
The Foundation also supports and amplifies the giving 
and volunteer efforts of Baxter’s employees through  
its Matching Gift and Dollars for Doers programs.  
In addition, it awards merit-based scholarships to our 
employees’ children. In 2023, the Foundation’s total 
charitable contributions equaled more than $10 million. 
Product donations:  In 2023, we broadened our donation 
portfolio to include select legacy Hillrom products. 
During the year, we donated products valued at nearly 
$27 million.17 Examples of our ongoing work include: 
•	 Manufacturing products twice a year explicitly for 
donation to our trusted humanitarian partners, 
Americares and Direct Relief, so they can rely on 
having Baxter’s critically needed, long-dated 
products year-round
•	 Supporting U.S. medical teams traveling overseas to 
provide charitable care to underserved populations 
through the Americares Medical Outreach program 
•	 Making chemotherapy drugs available through our 
U.S. Patient Assistance Program for cancer patients 
who have financial barriers and/or lack insurance or 
prescription drug coverage 
Disaster relief:  We invest in disaster preparedness, 
immediate response efforts and long-term recovery 
plans. In 2023, we supplemented our existing 
partnership with Americares and established new 
global partnerships with International Health Partners, 
International Medical Corps and the UNICEF USA Every 
Child Fund. During the year, Baxter provided partners 
with support in response to earthquakes in Morocco, 
Turkey and Syria, flooding in Libya and wildfires 
in Hawaii, among other natural disasters. We also 
provided humanitarian aid for Gaza, Israel and Ukraine.  
Corporate financial contributions:18  Our strategic 
corporate giving includes financial donations to 
increase access to patient care through education and 
advocacy support. We also support cultural institutions 
in the United States to create meaningful engagement 
opportunities for local employees and enhance business 
interests through professional membership associations.
See the Data Summary for full philanthropic giving data. 
Learn more about how Baxter Gives Back to communities 
worldwide.
APPROACH AND PROGRESS
At Baxter we aim for a zero-harm workplace. We prioritize 
injury risk reduction19 through ongoing initiatives, 
including digital analytics and employee training and 
engagement, to drive consistent improvement.
Baxter follows a management systems approach 
guided by our global EHS&S requirements. We define 
the responsibilities of corporate, geographical and 
facility-level occupational health and safety professionals 
and communicate progress against our goals to 
senior leadership and manufacturing and supply chain 
management through regular touch points that cover 
safety performance, trends and actions. We regularly 
engage cross-functional teams to analyze incidents and 
trends and to formulate mitigation strategies, which are 
shared broadly across the organization.
In 2023, we continued engaging our operational workforce 
to improve hazard/near-miss identification and assign 
corrective actions where appropriate. We also focused on 
powered industrial truck operations and machine safety 
practices, which included training, best practice sharing 
and related investments to reduce risk. In addition, 
we continue our efforts to reduce our most commonly 
occurring incidents, which relate to ergonomics and slips, 
trips and falls. 
Injuries and illnesses:  We continue to rank in the top 
quartile, reducing our total recordable incident rate20 from 
0.40 in 2022 to 0.35 in 2023. Zero major and 11 severe 
workplace incidents21 occurred at Baxter during the year, 
	
	
	
	
	
   Invest $275 million in underserved communities through strategic 
partnerships and product donations from Baxter and the Baxter International Foundation (the Foundation). 
2030 CORPORATE RESPONSIBILITY GOAL
	
	
       In 2023, Baxter and the Foundation invested more than $40 million in underserved 
communities through strategic partnerships and product donations. Since the beginning of 2021, we have 
invested more than $143 million.
PERFORMANCE 
2030 CORPORATE RESPONSIBILITY GOAL
	
	
	
	
	
   Achieve top quartile workplace safety performance annually in  
total recordable incident rate.*  
*Among global companies across industries as reported by the U.S. Bureau of Labor Statistics.
PERFORMANCE 
	
	
      In 2023, Baxterʼs total recordable incident rate ranked in the top quartile, achieving our goal  
for the year.**  
**Compared with 2022 top quartile data, which was the most recent data available from the U.S. Bureau of Labor Statistics on Jan. 1, 2023 (the beginning of the reporting period).
compared with one major and 16 severe workplace 
incidents in 2022. We continue to share lessons learned 
about employee injury trends, implement actions across 
the Baxter network to drive improvement and engage 
operational leaders in an effort to reduce injury and 
illness rates and improve workplace safety performance.
BeWell@Baxter:  Through BeWell@Baxter, our global 
employee health and wellness program, we promote 
healthy lifestyles. In 2023, our Wellness Days focused 
on topics such as mental health, financial wellness, 
stress management, career wellness and environmental 
wellness. During the year, 78% of facilities participated 
in the Exercise Challenge. In addition, 95% of facilities 
worldwide took part in Healthy Eating Month, an annual 
campaign focused on making informed food choices and 
promoting the importance of a balanced diet and exercise.
See the Data Summary for health and wellness metrics, 
as well as workplace safety data by region.
Invest in Underserved Communities Globally
Achieve Top Quartile Workplace Safety Performance
From the Chair, 
President and CEO
Company Profile
Corporate Responsibility 
Commitment
2030 Corporate 
Responsibility Goals
Cross-Cutting 
Commitments
Appendix

  15
2023 CORPORATE RESPONSIBILITY REPORT
APPROACH AND PROGRESS
Diversity metrics and goals:  One critical way 
Baxter supports DE&I is through a holistic and 
comprehensive analysis of workforce diversity 
metrics. We track the representation of women 
globally and underrepresented minorities in the 
United States at every career level throughout the 
employee life cycle from hiring through exit. 
While all forms of diversity at every career level 
are important to Baxter, our 2030 Corporate 
Responsibility Goals focus on women (globally) 
and ethnic minorities (United States) in leadership 
roles22, 23 because they provide the greatest 
opportunities for us to measure meaningful 
change. We have robust, multiyear data sets for 
these groups, as well as mechanisms to continue 
gathering and verifying data moving forward.  
See the Data Summary for additional diversity data.
We aim to achieve our diversity representation goals 
by continuing our efforts to attract, retain and develop 
diverse talent and foster an inclusive workplace.  
Inclusive culture:  In addition to our aspirational 
diversity representation goals, we are equally 
focused on advancing an inclusive culture where 
all people feel they belong and feel seen, heard 
and valued. Inclusion is a critical component of 
our company culture and helps to drive employee 
engagement and belonging. 
	
	
	
	
	
   Through hiring, promotion and retention, aspire to increase 
representation of women in leadership roles globally to 40%.*  
*Assuming labor market conditions continue to support the goal. Leadership role is defined as director and above. (See endnote 23 for additional detail.)
2030 CORPORATE RESPONSIBILITY GOAL
	
	
       As of Dec. 31, 2023, 37% of people in leadership roles at Baxter globally were women, 
up from 35% in 2022.
PERFORMANCE 
2030 CORPORATE RESPONSIBILITY GOAL
	
	
	
	
	
   Through hiring, promotion and retention, aspire to increase 
representation of ethnic minorities in leadership roles in the United States to 25%.*  
*Assuming labor market conditions continue to support the goal. Leadership role is defined as director and above. (See endnotes 22 and 23 for additional detail.)
PERFORMANCE 
	
	
      As of Dec. 31, 2023, 23% of people in leadership roles at Baxter in the United States were 
ethnic minorities, up from 22% in 2022. 
Increase Representation of Women and Ethnic Minorities in Leadership Roles
Baxter’s Business Resource Groups play an important 
role in strengthening employee engagement and 
advancing a culture that continues to make a 
meaningful impact in the lives of our patients.  
We have metrics and reporting in place to assess 
and share progress in this area. This measurement 
and assessment provides essential input that is 
critical to advancing our DE&I strategy. In 2023, 
scores from our annual manager effectiveness 
survey showed that 79% of employees responded 
favorably to statements related to workplace 
inclusion (up from 77% in 2022). 
Learn more about how we work to drive DE&I across 
all levels of the company.
From the Chair, 
President and CEO
Company Profile
Corporate Responsibility 
Commitment
2030 Corporate 
Responsibility Goals
Cross-Cutting 
Commitments
Appendix

  16
2023 CORPORATE RESPONSIBILITY REPORT
  16
2023 CORPORATE RESPONSIBILITY REPORT
Our 2030 Corporate Responsibility Commitment 
and Goals are bolstered by our approach to good 
governance and responsible business practices.
PHOTO:  Our efforts to reduce Baxter’s greenhouse gas emissions included the 
installation of this cogeneration facility at our Aibonito, Puerto Rico, location.
Cross-Cutting Commitments
From the Chair, 
President and CEO
Company Profile
Corporate Responsibility 
Commitment
2030 Corporate 
Responsibility Goals
Cross-Cutting 
Commitments
Appendix
From the Chair, 
President and CEO
Company Profile
Corporate Responsibility 
Commitment
2030 Corporate 
Responsibility Goals
Cross-Cutting 
Commitments
Appendix

  17
2023 CORPORATE RESPONSIBILITY REPORT
Ethics and Compliance   
Privacy and Data Protection    
Baxter drives a culture of the highest ethical behavior, 
emphasizing personal accountability and integrity. We 
prioritize following legal requirements, being honest and 
fair, encouraging questions and valuing discussion. In 
2023, we updated our policies and procedures to adhere 
to evolving laws, regulations and sanctions globally.
Companywide accountability:  Ethics and Compliance 
activities are reviewed and overseen by the Audit and 
the Quality and Regulatory Compliance Committees of 
our Board of Directors. Our Code of Conduct and related 
policies1 apply to Baxter’s Board of Directors and all of 
our employees, including the company’s Chief Executive 
Officer (CEO) and other senior management, and define 
the core principles that govern employee behavior and 
how we conduct business.  
At the management level, our Supervisory Ethics and 
Compliance Committee, chaired by the Chief Compliance 
& Trust Officer, meets periodically with members of 
Baxter’s senior leadership and our CEO to discuss the 
status of various ethics and compliance matters.
In addition, Baxter has compliance committees for select 
global functions and each country or cluster of countries 
where we operate. We hold mandatory meetings at least 
quarterly to facilitate discussion among local leadership 
about key issues, challenges and risks. 
Training:  In 2023, 97% of employees completed Code 
of Conduct training. In addition, we required training 
for relevant employees, including new hires, on our 
Conflicts of Interest Policy, Global Interactions Policy 
and Global Third Party Anticorruption Policy. 
Baxter’s strict prohibition of off-label promotion is 
included in our annual training to the Sales organization. 
In addition, we provide training to all third parties that 
undergo our due diligence process.
Baxter is committed to respecting the privacy of our 
employees, patients and customers and protecting  
the security of our infrastructure and products. This 
commitment is reinforced through executive oversight, 
policies and standards, and mandatory employee training.
Regulations and standards:  We monitor regulations 
globally, including relevant developments and actions related 
to both cybersecurity and privacy, such as the EU General 
Data Protection Regulation (GDPR), the Health Insurance 
Portability and Accountability Act (HIPAA), the California 
Consumer Privacy Act, the California Privacy Rights Act and 
similar laws that are being enacted in other states, as well 
as China’s Personal Information Protection Law and other 
legal developments in geographies where we do business. In 
addition to external regulations, we hold ourselves accountable 
to our own rigorous internal policies and standards.
Oversight:  In 2023, the Audit Committee of our Board  
of Directors provided oversight for IT security matters 
generally (including cybersecurity incidents), and the 
Quality, Compliance and Technology Committee (recently 
renamed the Quality and Regulatory Compliance 
Committee) provided oversight for product cybersecurity 
matters. Beginning in 2024, the Board reassumed 
oversight responsibility for the company’s IT functions 
generally, including product-related cybersecurity matters, 
and the Audit Committee maintained responsibility for the 
oversight of any cybersecurity incidents, including those 
related to Baxter products and services.
Cybersecurity:  The Global IT Security Operations team 
helps to protect Baxter against cyber incidents using a 
range of tools to secure our assets, reduce detection time 
and improve resilience.
•	 We conduct scenario-based activities with Baxter 
executives, simulating major enterprise cyber incidents, 
to test our incident response plan and prepare 
executives for potential future incidents. 
Third Party Program:  Our Third Party Program outlines 
the standards and processes used to review, retain and 
monitor new and existing third parties for compliance 
with our anticorruption expectations. In 2023, we updated 
the program to refine our risk-based approach and 
increase our efficient and effective use of resources. 
Compliance assessments and audits:  On an ongoing 
basis, Baxter completes internal risk-based compliance 
assessments, which cover antibribery, anticorruption 
and third-party due diligence, among other topics, as 
well as compliance audits of our distributors.2
Compliance monitoring:  Baxter uses a data-analytics-
based monitoring system to review compliance risk 
metrics (e.g. interactions with healthcare professionals 
and government officials, travel, entertainment, etc.) 
and facilitate forensic monitoring procedures. Each year, 
we select representative countries and global business 
segments for monitoring.3  
Global Interactions Policy:  This policy defines the 
principles and rules governing our interactions with 
government officials and members of the medical 
community to help provide assurance that these 
relationships and the related fair market value 
payments are for necessary and genuine services.  
In 2023, we updated the policy to expand it and align  
it with the current state of Baxter’s business.   
Ethics and Compliance Helpline:  Reports received 
via the Ethics and Compliance Helpline involving 
allegations of misconduct are promptly triaged for 
investigation. For substantiated cases closed in 2023, 
appropriate remediation was or is being implemented 
where warranted. In substantiated cases involving 
employee misconduct, employees received appropriate 
disciplinary action based on the nature of the misconduct 
and other relevant factors.
•	 We conduct both internal and external security audits. 
•	 Post-incident review meetings and reports provide 
insight into how we can update our response strategies.
•	 Our proactive threat-hunting process, including the use 
of third-party tools, helps to protect our systems against 
evolving security threats.
•	 We engage with external scanning and testing services 
to help reduce Baxterʼs exposure to threats by taking a 
proactive approach to mitigating attack vectors.
•	 Periodic updates to our incident response plan help 
promote orderly and timely response to cyber incidents.
•	 Our policies and processes for asset management 
promote proper management of data on retired hardware.
•	 Our Third Party Risk Management program includes 
assessment and monitoring of security standards  
and control procedures for critical external suppliers  
and vendors.
To further strengthen cybersecurity across our network  
and portfolio of products, Baxter is a Common 
Vulnerabilities and Exposures (CVE) Numbering Authority. 
In addition, we are a member of the Health Information 
Sharing and Analysis Center.
Customer communication:  Our customers can access  
our online Product Security summary to learn about 
security vulnerabilities that affect Baxter products. In 
addition, Baxter has Brand Indicators for Message 
Identification (BIMI), which adds an extra layer of 
authentication to emails and displays our logo in  
recipients’ inboxes, to demonstrate authenticity. 
Training:  We continue to raise privacy and security 
awareness with Baxter employees through annual 
mandatory training4 and recurring reinforcement through 
virtual events and updated materials. For example,  
in 2023, we provided employee training related to the  
EU GDPR, HIPAA, cybersecurity and privacy. 
From the Chair, 
President and CEO
Company Profile
Corporate Responsibility 
Commitment
2030 Corporate 
Responsibility Goals
Cross-Cutting 
Commitments
Appendix

  18
2023 CORPORATE RESPONSIBILITY REPORT
Human Rights   
Diversity, Equity and Inclusion    
Baxter has policies and processes in place to help 
protect human rights across our value chain, including 
the rights of our employees, our suppliers’ workers, 
our customers and the patients who rely on our products. 
As outlined in our Global Human Rights Policy, we respect 
the human rights, dignity and diverse contributions of 
all individuals.
Fostering human rights takes many forms at Baxter 
and is reflected in our policies and initiatives in areas 
including workplace inclusion, employee safety, supply 
chain labor practices, ethical conduct, access to 
healthcare, and patient, employee and customer privacy.
Protecting human rights in our supply chain:
Baxter’s suppliers must commit to respecting 
human rights, either in accordance with our 
Global Human Rights Policy or under their own similar 
policies. Suppliers with whom Baxter contracts must 
confirm they agree to comply with our guidelines, 
which include our Supplier Quality and Ethics and 
Compliance Standards for Baxter Suppliers and the 
Baxter Code of Conduct. 
In 2023, we published our first annual Due Diligence 
Report under the Norwegian Transparency Act of 2022. 
In addition, Baxter publishes a UK Modern Slavery 
Statement and an Australia Modern Slavery Statement 
each year. In 2023, we conducted mandatory training 
for our applicable procurement staff on Australia-
specific modern slavery legislation in that country.  
We also have position statements related to the 
California Transparency in Supply Chains Act and 
conflict minerals, and we publish an annual Conflict 
Minerals Report.
 
We work to enhance our company’s culture of belonging and 
to embed diversity, equity and inclusion (DE&I) across all 
aspects of our business. We focus on four strategic pillars:
Workforce:  Increasing the diversity of our workforce 
makes us a more agile and innovative company. This 
begins with our Board of Directors (including the 
Compensation and Human Capital Committee) and 
leadership teams, who influence and inspire our desired 
culture and drive greater representation throughout the 
organization. See information regarding Board diversity in 
Baxter’s 2023 Proxy Statement. 
Our hiring process includes an inclusive and expansive 
candidate-sourcing strategy and an aim to create diverse 
interview panels. Baxter also has processes to help avoid 
inadvertently overlooking employees for development, 
sponsorship, succession, advancement and retention 
opportunities. In addition, many employees establish or 
continue mentoring relationships, which fosters greater 
opportunities and networks within the company.
Workplace:  We embed DE&I across our workplace 
through inclusive leadership and engagement with 
employees who advocate for inclusion throughout our 
company. Examples include:
•	 Global Inclusion Council: These executive leaders are 
responsible for demonstrating inclusive leadership and 
driving actions that create a workplace culture where all 
employees can feel they belong.
•	 Business Resource Groups (BRGs): Nine affinity groups 
provide forums for employees to build networks, develop 
skills, experience cultural connections, volunteer and 
support business initiatives.
•	 Activating Change Today (ACT) Council: Chaired by our 
CEO, this council supports our multiyear ACT initiative to 
drive meaningful, sustainable change and address racial 
injustice within the workplace and in the communities 
and markets we serve globally.
Baxter also develops mutually beneficial 
relationships with small and diverse suppliers 
as we strive to increase the diversity of our 
supplier base. In 2023, we spent $563 million with  
small businesses, $148 million with women-owned 
businesses and $134 million with minority-owned 
businesses. A third-party review estimates that our 
spending with diverse suppliers directly supported  
$716 million in economic output as well as $156 million 
in employee income and more than 2,000 jobs.5 
Marketplace:  We strive to adopt inclusive product 
design from concept to launch and enhance 
engagement with diverse healthcare professionals, 
patients, caregivers and other stakeholders. Our 
efforts to tackle health disparities include sponsoring 
community programs that work to improve patient 
access to healthcare and reduce healthcare provider 
biases, including promoting a more diverse pipeline 
of healthcare professionals. This includes support 
for scholarships at Historically Black Colleges and 
Universities (HBCUs), as well as universities in Ireland, 
to assist students pursuing health and science degrees 
with the goal of increasing the diversity of healthcare 
providers in the medical community. 
In 2023, we hosted educational events for employees 
to enhance awareness around healthcare disparities. 
During the year, we also convened a consensus meeting 
with experts in health disparities and critical care to 
develop a white paper, which should be published in 2024, 
to expand awareness and understanding of disparities in 
critical care research so that researchers and healthcare 
providers can begin to mitigate related effects. 
Baxter also partners with several organizations, 
including the Congressional Black Caucus Foundation, 
the Congressional Hispanic Caucus and the National 
Minority Quality Forum, to advance successful lobbying 
and advocacy efforts in support of health equity for 
underserved communities.  
•	 Transformation Champion Network: This group  
of diverse leaders from across Baxter fosters 
understanding and engagement and champions  
change by listening, building awareness, advocating  
for employees and providing critical feedback to  
inform our inclusion initiatives.
Baxter provides employees with training, tools and 
resources to build cultural awareness and competence  
to engage more authentically. To reinforce the value of 
inclusion throughout the company, we conduct surveys  
to measure manager effectiveness, including inclusive 
leadership.
Baxter’s total compensation philosophy provides 
market-competitive pay and benefits globally while 
rewarding employees for strong individual and business 
performance. We periodically assess our efforts through 
pay audits and reviews.
Communities:  Baxter works to promote inclusion and 
equity in our communities by driving advocacy in partnership 
with community organizations. For example, aligned with 
our ACT initiative, we partnered with Direct Relief to provide 
Baxter products to nearly 600 community health centers and 
free-and-charitable clinics and pharmacies in the United 
States and its territories for the purpose of improving 
access to healthcare for underserved communities. As of 
the end of 2023, Baxter had donated $2.6 million worth of 
products through this program. In addition, to encourage 
local community engagement, the Baxter International 
Foundation provides each of our nine BRGs with a two-year 
grant to extend to a nonprofit that supports diversity and 
inclusion initiatives. In 2023, $450,000 was distributed to 
organizations focusing on a range of priorities, including 
increasing access to science, technology, engineering and 
math (STEM) education for youth in Ireland, delivering 
healthcare to rural communities in Mexico and championing 
disability rights through employment and community 
engagement opportunities in the Chicago, Illinois, area. 
From the Chair, 
President and CEO
Company Profile
Corporate Responsibility 
Commitment
2030 Corporate 
Responsibility Goals
Cross-Cutting 
Commitments
Appendix

  19
2023 CORPORATE RESPONSIBILITY REPORT
Appendix: About This Report
EXTERNAL REPORTING STANDARDS
To develop our corporate responsibility reporting approach, 
we have considered the disclosure frameworks and 
guidance of leading sustainability standards and reporting 
organizations, including the Global Reporting Initiative 
(GRI), the Sustainability Accounting Standards Board 
(SASB), the Task Force on Climate-related Financial 
Disclosures (TCFD), the United Nations Sustainable 
Development Goals and third-party raters and rankers 
focused on environmental, social and governance matters.
We were one of the first companies to pilot the GRI 
Sustainability Reporting Guidelines, in 1999, and belong to 
the GRI Community. We referenced the GRI Sustainability 
Reporting Standards in the development of this report.  
See the GRI Content Index for detail.
In addition, this report includes our annual SASB Index, 
based on the SASB Medical Equipment & Supplies 
Sustainability Accounting Standard. This report also 
includes our annual TCFD Index. 
FEEDBACK
Readers can send comments or suggestions to:  
corporate_responsibility_report@baxter.com.
SCOPE OF THIS REPORT
The performance and other data in this report is from 
calendar year 2023 unless stated otherwise. Some examples 
and program descriptions may include information from  
2024 as relevant.
•	 This report covers Baxter’s global operations, including 
subsidiaries, unless stated otherwise. Environmental, 
health, safety and sustainability data includes joint 
ventures where we have a controlling interest.
•	 Unless stated otherwise, the 2023 content and data in 
this report reflect the integration of the Hillrom business, 
which we acquired in December 2021.
•	 All currency in this report is in U.S. dollars unless stated 
otherwise.
•	 Significant restatements of data from prior years are 
noted in the sections where they appear. 
•	 The methodologies, assumptions and estimates 
underlying our corporate sustainability strategy, analysis 
and data continue to develop and are likely to continue to 
change in future periods, including as a result of regulatory 
or other developments or as a result of our ongoing strategic 
actions. As a result, the information we present in this report 
could differ from our prior disclosures, and information in 
future disclosures may differ from this report. We undertake 
no obligation to update any statement in this report or future 
disclosures except as required by law.
•	 Certain information in this report incorporates or otherwise 
relies upon data from third parties, which we have not 
independently verified and may be prepared in ways that 
are not consistent with our methodologies or practices.
•	 All references to “new product launches” in this report 
include new product launches, line extensions and 
geographical expansions, unless otherwise noted.
•	 This report is intended for global use. Please consult the 
appropriate country-specific Baxter website for information 
regarding activities in that country.
•	 Some statements in this report about products or 
procedures may differ from the licensed indications in 
specific countries. Therefore, always consult the country-
specific summary of product characteristics, package 
leaflets or instructions for use. For more information, 
please contact a local Baxter representative.
FORWARD-LOOKING STATEMENTS
This report includes forward-looking statements concerning 
Baxter, including with respect to compliance, future performance, 
our 2030 Corporate Responsibility Commitment and Goals and 
related underlying efforts, as well as other plans and initiatives. 
These forward-looking statements are based on assumptions 
about many important factors, including the following, which 
could cause actual results to differ materially from those in the 
forward-looking statements: the company’s ability to execute 
and complete strategic initiatives, asset dispositions and other 
transactions and development activities, including the proposed 
separation of the company’s Kidney Care business, the company’s 
plans to simplify its manufacturing footprint and the timing for 
such transactions, the ability to satisfy any applicable conditions 
and the expected proceeds, consideration and benefits; failure 
to accurately forecast or achieve the company’s short- and 
long-term financial performance and goals (including with 
respect to the company’s strategic initiatives and other actions) 
and related impacts on our liquidity; the company’s ability to 
execute on its capital allocation plans, including the company’s 
debt repayment plans, the timing and amount of any dividends, 
share repurchases and divestiture proceeds and, if the company 
proceeds with the separation of the Kidney Care business in the 
form of a spinoff, the capital structure of the public company 
that would be formed (and the resulting capital structure for 
the remaining company); the company’s ability to successfully 
integrate acquisitions; the impact of global economic conditions 
(including, among other things, inflation levels, interest rates, 
financial market volatility, banking crises, the potential for a 
recession, the war in Ukraine, the conflict in the Middle East 
(including attacks on merchant ships in the Red Sea), tensions 
amongst China, Taiwan and the U.S., and the potential for 
escalation of these conflicts, the related economic sanctions 
being imposed globally in response to the conflicts and potential 
trade wars and global public health crises, pandemics and 
epidemics, such as the COVID-19 pandemic, or the anticipation 
of any of the foregoing, on the company’s operations and on 
the company’s employees, customers, suppliers, and foreign 
governments in countries in which the company operates; 
downgrades to the company’s credit ratings or ratings 
outlooks, and the impact on the company’s funding costs and 
liquidity; product development risks, including satisfactory 
clinical performance and obtaining and maintaining required 
regulatory approvals (including as a result of evolving regulatory 
requirements or the withdrawal or resubmission of any pending 
applications), the ability to manufacture at appropriate scale 
and the general unpredictability associated with the product 
development cycle; product quality or patient safety issues 
leading to product recalls, withdrawals, launch delays, warning 
letters, import bans, sanctions, seizures, litigation or declining 
sales, including the focus on evaluating product portfolios for 
the potential presence or formation of nitrosamines; future 
actions of, or failures to act or delays in acting by, FDA, the 
European Medicines Agency or any other regulatory body 
or government authority (including the SEC, Department of 
Justice or the Attorney General of any State) that could delay, 
limit or suspend product development, manufacturing or sale 
or result in seizures, recalls, injunctions, monetary sanctions 
or criminal or civil liabilities; demand and market acceptance 
risks for, and competitive pressures related to, new and existing 
products, challenges with the company’s ability to accurately 
predict changing consumer preferences and future expenditures 
and inventory levels, and challenges with the company’s 
ability to monetize new and existing products and services, 
the impact of those products on quality and patient safety 
concerns and the need for ongoing training and support for our 
products; breaches, including by cyber-attack, data leakage, 
unauthorized access or theft, or failures of or vulnerabilities in, 
the company’s information technology systems or products; the 
continuity, availability and pricing of acceptable raw materials 
and component parts, the company’s ability to pass some or 
all of these costs to the company’s customers through recent 
price increases or otherwise, and the related continuity of the 
company’s manufacturing and distribution and those of the 
company’s suppliers; inability to create additional production 
capacity in a timely manner or the occurrence of other 
manufacturing, sterilization or supply difficulties, including 
as a result of natural disaster, war, terrorism, global public 
health crises and epidemics/pandemics, regulatory actions or 
otherwise; the company’s ability to finance and develop new 
products or enhancements on commercially acceptable terms or 
at all; loss of key employees, the occurrence of labor disruptions 
(including as a result of labor disagreements under bargaining 
agreements or national trade union agreements or disputes 
with works councils) or the inability to attract, develop, retain 
and engage employees; failures with respect to the company’s 
quality, compliance or ethics programs; future actions of 
third parties, including third-party payers and the company’s 
customers and distributors (including GPOs and IDNs); changes 
to legislation and regulation and other governmental pressures 
in United States and globally, including the cost of compliance 
and potential penalties for purported noncompliance thereof, 
including new or amended laws, rules and regulations as well 
as the impact of healthcare reform and its implementation, 
suspension, repeal, replacement, amendment, modification and 
other similar actions undertaken by the United States or foreign 
governments, including with respect to pricing, reimbursement, 
taxation and rebate policies; the outcome of pending or future 
litigation; the impact of competitive products and pricing, 
including generic competition, drug reimportation and disruptive 
technologies; global regulatory, trade and tax policies, including 
with respect to climate change and other sustainability matters; 
the ability to protect or enforce the company’s patents or other 
proprietary rights (including trademarks, copyrights, trade 
secrets and know-how) or where the patents of third parties 
prevent or restrict the company’s manufacture, sale or use of 
affected products or technology; the impact of any goodwill, 
intangible asset or other long-lived asset impairments on the 
company’s operating results; fluctuations in foreign exchange 
and interest rates; any changes in law concerning the taxation 
of income (whether with respect to current or future tax reform); 
actions by tax authorities in connection with ongoing tax audits; 
and other risks identified in Baxter’s most recent filings on 
Form 10-K and Form 10-Q and other SEC filings, all of which 
are available on Baxter’s website. Baxter does not undertake 
to update its forward-looking statements unless otherwise 
required by the federal securities laws.
From the Chair, 
President and CEO
Company Profile
Corporate Responsibility 
Commitment
2030 Corporate 
Responsibility Goals
Cross-Cutting 
Commitments
Appendix

  20
2023 CORPORATE RESPONSIBILITY REPORT
Appendix: Materiality Assessment Findings
1 
For information about the 2022 materiality assessment process we undertook, see page 8 of our 2022 Corporate Responsibility Report. 
Business Ethics and  
Compliance
Risk management around ethical business conduct, including fraud, anticorruption and competitive behavior. Addresses a company’s approach to engaging with regulators in 
places where conflicting corporate and public interests may have long-term adverse effects on environmental or social issues. May relate to alignment of management and 
investor views of regulatory engagement and compliance at large. Includes compliance with regulations, including those related to ESG, trade, government contracting, Food 
and Drug Administration (FDA), state and local, etc. Learn more.
Business Model Innovation  
and Resilience
Ability to meet new market demands and access new customer segments, as well as long-term business model planning and responsiveness to resource and climate 
constraints. Includes circular economy, cradle to cradle and zero waste frameworks. Learn more.
Diversity, Equity and Inclusion
Efforts to diversify workforce, provide equal access to opportunity and create a sense of belonging. Learn more.
Greenhouse Gas Emissions
Management of Scope 1, Scope 2 and Scope 3 greenhouse gas emissions. Includes energy management across the company’s footprint, such as energy consumption, energy 
efficiency, energy intensity, energy mix, grid resilience, and sourcing and procurement of energy from renewable sources. Learn more.
Patient Safety and  
Product Quality
Management of patient safety and product quality across the product life cycle through leading practices in design, materials use, manufacturing, communications, 
surveillance, reporting and senior leader accountability measures such as product safety and quality systems. Includes innovations to advance the company’s ability to meet 
patient needs and ultimately improve health outcomes. Learn more.
Sustainable Product  
Design and Packaging
Integration of green design principles in product design and packaging. Considers life cycle impacts of products through end-of-life, employing circular design 
principles that promote end-user recycling and reuse of scrap. Includes ability to maximize resource efficiency in manufacturing and to reduce use of key raw 
materials where possible. Learn more.
Access and Affordability 
Addresses a companyʼs ability to provide broad access to its products and services, especially in the context of underserved markets and/or populations. Learn more.
Biodiversity and Habitat 
Protection
Management of the companyʼs impacts on ecosystems and biodiversity through its activities, including project development, construction and site location. Impacts may 
include biodiversity loss, habitat destruction and deforestation. Learn more.
Community Engagement  
and Philanthropy
Engaging communities to achieve long-term and sustainable outcomes, processes, relationships, discourse, decision-making and implementation. Investment in the broader 
communities where target beneficiaries are external to the organization, including contributions to charities, nongovernmental organizations and research institutes, funds 
to support community infrastructure such as recreational facilities, social programs, and arts and educational events. Learn more.
Data Privacy and Cybersecurity
Risk management related to the collection, retention and use of sensitive, confidential and/or proprietary customer or user data. Learn more.
Employee Development  
and Retention
Investment in continued employee professional development and educational opportunities. Ability of employees to envision and put professional goals into action, 
leading to career advancement opportunities in a company. Learn more.
Employee Health and Safety
Measures taken to promote employee health and safety within the companyʼs facilities and across the supply chain, including mental health and well-being. Learn more.
Human Rights and Labor 
Practices
Workplace labor standards, basic worker rights, fair wages and benefits, and relationship with organized labor. Includes company and suppliers’ direct and indirect impact(s) 
on core human rights issues and treatment of Indigenous peoples. Learn more.
Supply Chain Management
Selection and management of suppliers through practices such as screening, monitoring, follow-up and audits to ensure supplier and contractor compliance are in line 
with company practices and policies. Learn more.
Waste Management
Waste management at facilities as well as the handling of waste and scrap, including nonhazardous and regulated waste, across the supply chain and throughout project 
development. Includes recycling programs within company facilities. Learn more.
Water Management
Water use, water consumption, water availability, wastewater generation, stormwater management and other impacts of operations on water resources. Includes water 
management strategies such as water efficiency, intensity, recycling, watershed protection and others. Learn more.
ESG TOPICS
DESCRIPTION
Upstream
Downstream
Baxter 
Operations
POTENTIAL IMPACT WITHIN  
BAXTERʼS VALUE CHAIN
Priority ESG Topics
Other Material ESG Topics
From the Chair, 
President and CEO
Company Profile
Corporate Responsibility 
Commitment
2030 Corporate 
Responsibility Goals
Cross-Cutting 
Commitments
Appendix

  21
2023 CORPORATE RESPONSIBILITY REPORT
Achieve Carbon Neutrality for Direct Operations  
by 2040 
•	 Climate Change & Energy Position Statement
•	 The Greenhouse Gas Protocol
Advance Sustainable Procurement
•	 Global Supplier Standards Manual
•	 Ethics & Compliance Standards for  
Baxter Suppliers
•	 Global Human Rights Policy
Invest in Underserved Communities Globally
Our manufacture-to-donate product donation 
strategy aligns with the following:
•	 World Health Organization Guidelines for 
Medicine Donations
•	 Partnership for Quality Medical Donations 
guidelines
Ethics and Compliance
•	 Baxter Code of Conduct
•	 Baxter Conflicts of Interest Policy (internal)
•	 Baxter Global Third Party Anticorruption Policy
•	 Baxter Global Interactions Policy
•	 Baxter Global Trade Compliance Policy (internal)
•	 AdvaMed Code of Ethics
•	 MedTech Europe Code of Ethical Business Practice 
Privacy and Data Protection
•	 Global Privacy Policy (internal)
•	 GDPR Policy (internal)
•	 HIPAA Privacy Policies and Procedures (internal)
•	 HIPAA Security Policies and Procedures (internal)
•	 Digital Security Policy (internal) 
Human Rights  
•	 Global Human Rights Policy
•	 California Transparency in Supply Chains Act  
Supplier Disclosure Statement
•	 Conflict Minerals Position Statement
•	 Baxter Code of Conduct
Diversity, Equity and Inclusion
•	 Statement of Equal Opportunity
•	 Equal Opportunity Employment Policy (internal)
•	 Non-discrimination commitment  
(within our Global Human Rights Policy)
•	 Prohibition of Workplace Harassment Policy (internal)
Environment, Health, Safety and Sustainability 
(EHS&S)
•	 EHS&S Policy
•	 Proposition 65
•	 Registration, Evaluation, Authorization and Restriction 
of Chemicals (REACH) Regulation EC 1907/2006
Appendix: Policies and Standards
From the Chair, 
President and CEO
Company Profile
Corporate Responsibility 
Commitment
2030 Corporate 
Responsibility Goals
Cross-Cutting 
Commitments
Appendix

  22
2023 CORPORATE RESPONSIBILITY REPORT
Appendix: Data Summary
1
LRQA has provided assurance on the following content in this section: Achieve Carbon Neutrality for Direct Operations by 2040; Implement Strategic Water Management Plans; Advance Sustainable Procurement; Implement Strategic Materials and Waste Management Plans; 
Environmental, Health, Safety and Sustainability Governance and Additional Disclosures; Achieve Top Quartile Workplace Safety Performance; and the Supplier Diversity and Economic Impact of Spending with Diverse Suppliers sections of Diversity, Equity and Inclusion.
SECTION AND INDICATOR
2021
2022
2023
Financial Performance2
Net Sales ($ millions)
$12,146 
$14,506 
$14,813 
U.S. Net Sales ($ millions)
$4,938 
$6,955 
$7,000 
International Net Sales ($ millions)
$7,208 
$7,551 
$7,813 
Net Income (Loss) ($ millions)
$1,295 
($2,421)
$2,663 
Stock Price ($ at year end)
$85.84 
$50.97 
$38.66 
Dividend ($ per share)
$1.085 
$1.15 
$1.16 
Research and Development ($ millions)
$531 
$602 
$667 
Consistently Improve Manufacturing Capabilities3
Total Recalls: Medical Device and Drug
Within the United States4
10
22
20
Outside the United States
29
27
26
Recalls: Medical Device Only
Within the United States4
10
21
16
U.S. Food and Drug Administration (FDA) Class I Recalls4
3
5
3
Outside the United States
16
17
16
Recalls: Drug Only
Within the United States4
0
1
4
FDA Class I Recalls4
0
0
0
Outside the United States
13
10
10
Product Recall Rate5 (% of product codes sold)
1.6%
0.8%
0.9%
FDA Inspections and Enforcement Actions6
Form 483s Received
2
6
 5
Warning Letters Open
1
0
1
Warning Letters Resolved
0
1
 0
Warning Letters Received
0
0
 1
Product Seizure
0
0
0
Consent Decree
0
0
 0
Achieve Carbon Neutrality for Direct Operations by 2040 7, 8
Energy Usage from Baxter Operations9 (thousands of MWh)
2,872
2,970
2,964
Americas
1,574
1,691
1,762
Europe, Middle East and Africa (EMEA)
837
831
793
Asia Pacific
461
448
408
Thousands of MWh per Million Dollars of Sales10
–
 0.20 
 0.20 
Renewable Energy Usage (thousands of MWh)
846
942
979
Facility Usage of Renewable Energy11 (as a % of total energy use)
29%
32%
33%
SECTION AND INDICATOR
2021
2022
2023
Achieve Carbon Neutrality for Direct Operations by 2040 7, 8 (continued)
Electricity Purchased from 100% Renewable Power  
(thousands of MWh)
383
513
528
Americas
180
315
356
EMEA
197
194
162
Asia Pacific
6
4
10
Lean Energy Program Performance12 (% of program criteria  
implemented across all manufacturing facilities, at year end)
Prerequisite
96%
96%
84%
Bronze
91%
93%
81%
Silver
83%
87%
77%
Gold
64%
64%
57%
Manufacturing Facilities Meeting ISO 50001 Requirements12
22
23
24
Manufacturing Facilities Meeting ISO 50001 Requirements12 (%)
47%
49%
46%
Energy Assessments Completed13
–
14
4
Americas
–
7
3
EMEA
–
7
1
Baxter’s Global Greenhouse Gas (GHG) Emissions Footprint 
(Scope 1, 2, and 3) (metric tons CO2e). See Value Chain Energy 
Usage and GHG Emissions for detail.
3,798,000
4,406,000
4,031,000
GHG Emissions from Baxter Operations14 (metric tons CO2e)
600,000
595,000
570,000
Americas
318,000
309,000
297,000
EMEA
130,000
131,000
136,000
Asia Pacific
152,000
155,000
137,000
GHG Emissions from Operations per Million Dollars of Sales10 
(metric tons CO2e)
–
41
38
Worldwide GHG Emissions from Product Transport, by Mode15
(metric tons CO2e)
459,200
455,700
416,700
Air (Scope 3)
95,100
88,400
44,400
Ocean (Scope 3)
54,100
56,700
56,500
Rail (Scope 3)
14,200
14,300
16,700
Road (Scope 1)
17,100
17,600
20,100
Road (Scope 3)
278,700
278,600
279,100
Worldwide GHG Emissions from Product Transport, by Region15
(metric tons CO2e)
459,200
455,700
416,700
Americas
268,600
289,500
258,100
EMEA
94,600
84,800
88,900
Asia Pacific
96,000
81,300
69,700
SECTION AND INDICATOR
2021
2022
2023
Implement Strategic Water Management Plans2, 8
Water Usage16 (thousand cubic meters)
14,528
14,585
14,884
Americas
7,157
7,419
7,981
EMEA
4,226
4,033
4,074
Asia Pacific
3,145
3,133
2,829
Water Usage16 per Million Dollars of Sales10 (thousand cubic meters)
–
1.01
1.00
Water Usage,16 by Availability17 (thousand cubic meters)
13,913
13,922
14,211
Extremely High Water Stress
1,842
1,806
1,883
High Water Stress
1,241
1,230
1,200
Medium-High Water Stress
2,883
3,040
3,540
Low-Medium Water Stress
970
974
994
Low Water Stress
6,977
6,872
6,593
Wastewater Flow18 (total direct discharge, thousand cubic meters)
3,310
3,342
3,424
BOD5 (metric tons)
16
12
9
BOD5 (mg/L)
5
4
3
COD (metric tons)
41
41
32
COD (mg/L)
12
12
9
TSS (metric tons)
25
25
24
TSS (mg/L)
8
7
7
Advance Sustainable Procurement19
Spend with Suppliers20 (United States and Puerto Rico)  
(approximate, $ billions) 
$2.2
$3.6
$4.1
Baxter Supplier Audits Related to Product Quality  
Management Systems
630+
630
689
Implement Strategic Materials and Waste Management Plans2, 8
Total Waste21 (metric tons)	
82,300
80,700
78,600
Americas
44,900
45,400
42,200
EMEA
25,800
24,900
26,900
Asia Pacific
11,600
10,400
9,500
Total Waste per Million Dollars of Sales10  (metric tons)
–
5.6
5.3
Nonhazardous Waste22 (metric tons)
75,700
72,900
70,100
Americas
42,300
42,300
38,900
EMEA
22,600
20,900
22,300
Asia Pacific
10,800
9,700
8,900
Nonhazardous Waste per Million Dollars of Sales10  (metric tons)
–
4.9
4.7
Nonhazardous Waste Diverted from Landfill23 (%)
74.0%
80.7%
77.5%
From the Chair, 
President and CEO
Company Profile
Corporate Responsibility 
Commitment
2030 Corporate 
Responsibility Goals
Cross-Cutting 
Commitments
Appendix

  23
2023 CORPORATE RESPONSIBILITY REPORT
SECTION AND INDICATOR
2021
2022
2023
Implement Strategic Materials and Waste Management Plans2, 8  (continued)
Regulated Waste24 (metric tons)
6,600
7,800
8,500
Americas
2,600
3,200
3,300
EMEA
3,200
3,900
4,600
Asia Pacific
800
700
600
Regulated Waste per Million Dollars of Sales10 (metric tons)
–
0.5
0.6
Regulated Waste Diverted from Landfill23 (%)
43.9%
54.4%
25.4%
Waste Management at Baxter (% of total)
Recycled
65.3%
71.1%
62.2%
Incinerated with Energy Recovery
13.4%
7.1%
9.6%
Incinerated
4.7%
2.9%
5.4%
Sent to Landfill
14.3%
13.3%
13.6%
Other Disposal
2.3%
5.6%
9.2%
Electronic Equipment Recovered by Vendors in the EU on Baxter’s 
Behalf 25 (metric tons) 
110
83
127
PVC and Aluminum Recycling Programs for Hospitals and Dialysis Clinics26
Australia
PVC Collected for Recycling (metric tons)
140
97.6
120
Participating Hospitals
–
258
197
Aluminum Bottles Recycled (metric tons)
0.5
1.8
2.4
Participating Hospitals
–
180
69
New Zealand
PVC Collected for Recycling (metric tons)
–
10
21
Participating Hospitals
–
23
30
Aluminum Bottles Recycled (metric tons)
–
0.2
0.1
Participating Hospitals
–
4
5
Colombia
PVC Recycled (metric tons)
69.4
44.5
69.2
Participating Dialysis Clinics
43
43
27
PVC Recycled from Home Dialysis Patients (metric tons)
38.4
40.1
41.1
Guatemala
PVC and Other Plastics Recycled (metric tons)
15.3
16.9
17.0
United States
PVC Recycled at Pilot Hospital (metric tons)
1.0
1.3
2.3
Environmental, Health, Safety and Sustainability Governance and Additional Disclosures2
Baxter Toxics Release Inventory Air Releases27 (metric tons)
16
14
–
NOx and SOx Emissions28 (metric tons)
471
504
468
NOx
352
362
365
SOx
118
142
103
NOx and SOx Emissions per Million Dollars of Sales10  (kg)
–
35
32
SECTION AND INDICATOR
2021
2022
2023
Environmental, Health, Safety and Sustainability Governance and Additional Disclosures2 
(continued)
ISO Certifications
ISO-Certified Baxter Locations
62
63
63
ISO 14001-Certified Baxter Locations
61
62
62
ISO 45001-Certified Baxter Locations
45
46
43
ISO-Certified Baxter Manufacturing Locations29
47
46
45
ISO-Certified Baxter Manufacturing Locations29 (%)
78%
73%
76%
Environmental Compliance
Environmental Notices of Violation
12
9
15
Environmental Fines Paid ($)
$0 
$0 
$200 
Product Materials
Products Tested (cumulative)
173
539
583
Parts Tested (cumulative)
16,500+
25,300+
30,700+
Increase Representation of Women and Ethnic Minorities in Leadership Roles3
Global Workforce by Gender (as a % of total)
Women
48.4%
47.2%
47.0%
Men
51.6%
52.8%
53.0%
Representation of Women by Region (as a % of total)
Americas
49.5%
47.3%
47.1%
EMEA
48.9%
48.0%
47.6%
Asia Pacific
45.5%
46.1%
46.0%
Representation of Women by Job Level (as a % of total)
Vice President and Above
31.6%
31.3%
34.9%
Director
37.1%
36.1%
37.4%
Manager
42.1%
40.4%
40.2%
Professional30
47.8%
48.3%
48.0%
Ethnic Representation (as a % of total, U.S. and Puerto Rico only)	
Asian
8.2%
7.5%
8.2%
Black/African American
10.0%
10.2%
9.9%
Hispanic/Latino
18.8%
17.5%
18.8%
White
60.9%
62.6%
60.6%
Other31
2.1%
2.2%
2.5%
Ethnic Minority Representation by Job Level 32 
(as a % of total, U.S. and Puerto Rico only)	
37.6%
36.4%
39.4%
Vice President and Above
17.0%
16.8%
19.9%
Director
25.3%
22.3%
24.5%
Manager
26.6%
24.9%
26.2%
Professional30
31.1%
38.9%
42.4%
SECTION AND INDICATOR
2021
2022
2023
Increase Representation of Women and Ethnic Minorities in Leadership Roles3 (continued)
Vice President and Above (as a % of total, U.S. and Puerto Rico only)
Asian
8.9%
11.0%
12.4%
Black/African American
3.3%
2.8%
2.5%
Hispanic/Latino
4.5%
3.7%
5.0%
White
82.2%
82.5%
80.2%
Other31
1.1%
0.0%
0.0%
Director (as a % of total, U.S. and Puerto Rico only)
Asian
12.4%
11.1%
13.0%
Black/African American
3.0%
2.9%
2.7%
Hispanic/Latino
8.3%
7.0%
6.7%
White
74.2%
77.2%
75.5%
Other31
2.1%
1.8%
2.1%
Manager (as a % of total, U.S. and Puerto Rico only)
Asian
14.1%
12.7%
13.2%
Black/African American
3.9%
3.7%
3.5%
Hispanic/Latino
7.6%
7.3%
7.5%
White
72.8%
74.5%
73.7%
Other31
1.6%
1.8%
2.0%
Professional30 (as a % of total, U.S. and Puerto Rico only)
Asian
8.5%
6.5%
7.1%
Black/African American
5.8%
11.6%
11.4%
Hispanic/Latino
15.3%
19.7%
21.3%
White
68.0%
59.9%
57.6%
Other31
2.4%
2.3%
2.6%
See the Baxter 2021 Employer Information Report (EEO-1), Baxter 2022 EEO-1 Report  
and Baxter 2023 EEO-1 Report for additional workforce diversity data. 
Baxter and the Baxter International Foundation Charitable Giving19, 33 ($ millions)
Total Charitable Giving, by Category
$55.88 
$55.38 
$46.30 
Investments in Underserved Communities Globally
$51.72 
$51.07 
$40.69 
Other Charitable Giving
$4.16 
$4.31 
$5.61 
Total Charitable Giving, by Type
$55.88 
$55.38 
$46.30 
Baxter Product Donations to Aid Organizations34
$36.14 
$35.49 
$26.85 
Business and Facility Cash Donations
$7.71 
$7.81 
$9.19 
Within the United States (including U.S. Territories)
$4.85 
$5.35 
$6.82 
Outside the United States 
$2.86 
$2.46 
$2.37 
Appendix: Data Summary (continued)
From the Chair, 
President and CEO
Company Profile
Corporate Responsibility 
Commitment
2030 Corporate 
Responsibility Goals
Cross-Cutting 
Commitments
Appendix

  24
2023 CORPORATE RESPONSIBILITY REPORT
Appendix: Data Summary (continued)
SECTION AND INDICATOR
2021
2022
2023
Achieve Top Quartile Workplace Safety Performance3, 37 (continued)
Sources of Recordable Injury and Serious Incidents (as a % of total)	
Ergonomic
22%
22%
24%
Illness
9%
5%
0%
Involving the Body (nonergonomic)
9%
1%
1%
Punctures
7%
8%
13%
Struck by Object
12%
15%
7%
Slips, Trips and Falls
24%
24%
26%
Caught In, On or Between
7%
12%
14%
Forklifts and Other Vehicles
2%
3%
3%
Other
8%
11%
12%
Facilities That Participated in the Exercise Challenge (%)
63%
81%
78%
Employees Who Completed a Personal Wellness Profile43 (%)
32%
27%
22%
Virtual Sessions Held Related to Monthly Wellness Days 
–
48
42
Facilities That Took Part in Healthy Eating Month (%)
92%
92%
95%
Smoke-Free Campuses44 (%)
100%
99%
99%
Employees Worldwide Who Received Free Seasonal Flu Vaccinations45
12,000 
10,000 
8,300 
Diversity, Equity and Inclusion46
Board of Directors Diversity47 (as a % of total) 
Women
31%
33%
36%
Men
69%
67%
64%
Ethnically/Racially Diverse
23%
25%
27%
Best Place to Work Survey48 (inclusion metrics)
Diverse perspectives are valued at Baxter
75%
76%
–
My direct manager does a good job of managing people from 
diverse backgrounds
80%
80%
–
I am comfortable voicing my ideas and opinions, even if they  
are different from others
76%
76%
–
My direct manager cares about me as a person
78%
79%
–
I feel I belong at Baxter 49
–
77%
–
Supplier Diversity50 ($ millions)
Spend with Small Businesses
$190 
$598 
$563 
Spend with Small Disadvantaged Businesses
$2.3 
$3.6 
$3.2 
Spend with Minority-Owned Businesses 
$73 
$97 
$134 
Spend with Women-Owned Businesses 
$90 
$77 
$148 
Spend with Veteran-Owned Businesses
$6 
$7.5 
$13 
Spend with Service-Disabled Veteran-Owned Businesses
$3.5
$2.4
$4.8
Spend with HUBZone-Certified Businesses
$2.6
$7.3
$6.8
SECTION AND INDICATOR
2021
2022
2023
Diversity, Equity and Inclusion46  (continued)
Economic Impact of Spending with Diverse Suppliers51
Direct: Economic Output ($ millions)
$257 
$691 
$716 
Direct: Employee Income ($ millions)
$72 
$135 
$156 
Direct: Jobs
1,190 
1,729 
2,027 
Estimated Indirect and Induced: Economic Output ($ millions)
$180 
$327 
$359 
Estimated Indirect and Induced: Employee Income ($ millions)
$68 
$117 
$127 
Estimated Indirect and Induced: Jobs
1,255 
1,744 
1,915 
Additional Workforce Disclosures3
Global Workforce by Job Level (as a % of total)	
Vice President and Above
0.3%
0.3%
0.3%
Director
1.7%
1.7%
1.7%
Manager
9.2%
9.8%
9.8%
Professional30
26.1%
27.2%
27.2%
Technical/Clerical52
62.8%
61.0%
61.1%
Global Workforce by Region (as a % of total) 	
Americas
49.0%
52.9%
54.2%
EMEA
27.0%
26.1%
25.6%
Asia Pacific
24.0%
21.0%
20.2%
Best Place to Work Survey53 (category scores)	
Culture
78%
78%
–
Development
75%
75%
–
Engagement
80%
79%
79%
Inclusion
77%
77%
79%
Leadership
72%
70%
–
Organization
76%
76%
–
Rewards
64%
61%
–
Workplace
78%
78%
–
Total Employee/Contractor Training Hours54
2,200,000
2,530,000
2,460,000
Training Hours Per Employee/Contractor54 (average)
30
30
29
Voluntary Employee Turnover Rate
14.0%
15.3%
12.8%
Political Contributions
See the Baxter 2023 Political Contributions Report for detailed data.
Ethics and Compliance
Items Reported to the Ethics and Compliance Helpline (see page 30)
SECTION AND INDICATOR
2021
2022
2023
Baxter and the Baxter International Foundation Charitable Giving19, 33 ($ millions) (continued)
The Baxter International Foundation Contributions
$12.04 
$12.08 
$10.26 
Within the United States (including U.S. Territories)
$11.48 
$11.66 
$9.85 
Grants35
$10.13 
$9.91 
$7.69 
Matching Gifts and Dollars for Doers
$0.75 
$0.95 
$1.25 
Scholarships
$0.47 
$0.47 
$0.60 
Prize Programs
$0.13 
$0.33 
$0.31 
Outside the United States
$0.56 
$0.42 
$0.41 
Grants
$0.24 
$0.08 
$0.00 
Scholarships
$0.32 
$0.34 
$0.41 
Scholarships Awarded
263
281
349
Employee Volunteer Hours
22,000
16,800
13,700
Value of Employee Volunteer Hours 36 ($)
$659,000
$534,000
$459,000
Achieve Top Quartile Workplace Safety Performance3, 37
Recordable Incident Rate38
0.33
0.40
0.35
Americas
0.45
0.53
0.45
EMEA
0.33
0.34
0.38
Asia Pacific
0.06
0.12
0.07
Cases with Days Lost Rate39
0.116
0.140
0.142
Americas
0.137
0.168
0.136
EMEA
0.171
0.177
0.276
Asia Pacific
0.023
0.037
0.028
Days Lost Rate40
4.15
6.93
5.19
Americas
6.15
9.29
4.44
EMEA
3.96
5.10
11.66
Asia Pacific
0.30
2.93
0.80
Restricted Days Rate41
3.89
5.15
5.22
Americas
6.68
8.95
8.58
EMEA
0.68
0.89
1.55
Asia Pacific
1.19
0.00 
0.03 
Days Away (Lost), Restricted or Transferred Rate (DART)42
8.04
12.08
10.41
Employee/Contractor Major or Severe Incidents (total number)
4/0
17/0
11/0
Employee/Contractor Fatalities (total number)
0/0
1/0
0/0
Health and Safety Notices of Violation Settled
1
5
8
Health and Safety Fines Paid ($)
$7,802 
$14,648 
$50,768 
From the Chair, 
President and CEO
Company Profile
Corporate Responsibility 
Commitment
2030 Corporate 
Responsibility Goals
Cross-Cutting 
Commitments
Appendix

  25
2023 CORPORATE RESPONSIBILITY REPORT
Appendix: Value Chain Energy Usage and GHG Emissions
 
 
2021 
2022 
2023 
2021 
2022 
2023 
2021 
2022 
2023
Baxter Operations3
Scope 1—Stationary Sources (facilities)
Natural Gas  
 
1,377 
1,470 
1,497 
$34.5 
$55.1 
$59.8 
238 
254 
260
Fuel Oil 
 
63 
78 
54 
$1.7 
$4.5 
$3.0 
16 
20 
14
Propane and LPG 
 
106 
110 
104 
$6.0 
$7.6 
$5.8 
23 
24 
22
Biomass4 
 
321 
290 
312 
$5.2 
$5.7 
$5.4 
2 
2 
2
Subtotal 
 
1,867 
1,948 
1,967 
$47.4 
$72.9 
$74.0 
279 
300 
298
Scope 1—Mobile Sources (Baxter-operated vehicles)5
Aviation Fuel 
 
2 
4 
5 
$0.1 
$0.5 
$0.5 
0 
1 
1
Gasoline  
 
71 
75 
78 
$6.5 
$7.9 
$7.8 
17 
17 
18
Diesel Fuel   
 
133 
116 
121 
$11.0 
$13.6 
$11.9 
33 
29 
30
Propane   
 
0 
0 
0 
$0.0 
$0.0 
$0.0 
0 
0 
0
Subtotal 
 
206 
195 
204 
$17.7 
$22.1 
$20.3 
50 
48 
50
Refrigerants6
Refrigerant Losses (facilities) 
 
n/a 
n/a 
n/a 
n/a 
n/a 
n/a 
6 
5 
4
Scope 1 Total   
 
n/a 
n/a 
n/a 
n/a 
n/a 
n/a 
334 
352 
352
Scope 2—Electricity and Purchased Steam   
 
Electricity (purchased)7 
 
972 
992 
964 
$100.7 
$118.2 
$134.4 
242 
220 
197
Electricity (on-site renewable) 
 
4 
5 
8 
n/a 
n/a 
n/a 
n/a 
n/a 
n/a
District Heating and Cooling Water 
 
4 
3 
3 
$0.31 
$0.28 
$0.21 
1 
1 
0
Purchased Steam 
 
26 
22 
22 
$1.4 
$1.3 
$1.2 
23 
22 
21
Scope 2 Total (market-based) 
 
n/a 
n/a 
n/a 
n/a 
n/a 
n/a 
266 
242 
219
Scope 2 Total (location-based) 
 
n/a 
n/a 
n/a 
n/a 
n/a 
n/a 
391 
399 
384
Baxter Operations Total 
 
3,079 
3,165 
3,168 
$167.5 
$214.8 
$230.1 
600 
595 
570
Scope 3 Emissions8 
 
Purchased Goods and Services (Category 1)9 
 
n/a 
n/a 
n/a 
n/a 
n/a 
n/a 
1,380 
1,802 
1,538
Capital Goods (Category 2)10 
 
n/a 
n/a 
n/a 
n/a 
n/a 
n/a 
256 
199 
154
Fuel- and Energy-Related Activities (Category 3)11 
 
n/a 
n/a 
n/a 
n/a 
n/a 
n/a 
150 
149 
143
Upstream Transportation and Distribution (Category 4)12 
 
n/a 
n/a 
n/a 
n/a 
n/a 
n/a 
442 
438 
397
Waste Generated in Operations (Category 5)13 
 
n/a 
n/a 
n/a 
n/a 
n/a 
n/a 
28 
26 
28
Business Travel (Category 6)14 
 
n/a 
n/a 
n/a 
n/a 
n/a 
n/a 
17 
27 
46
Employee Commuting (Category 7)15 
 
n/a 
n/a 
n/a 
n/a 
n/a 
n/a 
35 
35 
35
Downstream Transportation and Distribution (Category 9)16 
 
n/a 
n/a 
n/a 
n/a 
n/a 
n/a 
146 
165 
144
Use of Sold Products (Category 11)17 
 
n/a 
n/a 
n/a 
n/a 
n/a 
n/a 
604 
817 
818
End-of-Life Treatment of Sold Products (Category 12)16 
 
n/a 
n/a 
n/a 
n/a 
n/a 
n/a 
139 
151 
158
Scope 3 Emissions Total 
 
n/a 
n/a 
n/a 
n/a 
n/a 
n/a 
3,198 
3,811 
3,461
Total GHG Emissions18 
﻿ 
n/a 
n/a 
n/a 
n/a 
n/a 
n/a 
3,798 
4,406 
4,031
MWH
(thousands)
ENERGY COSTS
($ millions)
CARBON DIOXIDE EQUIVALENTS1, 2
(thousand metric tons)
From the Chair, 
President and CEO
Company Profile
Corporate Responsibility 
Commitment
2030 Corporate 
Responsibility Goals
Cross-Cutting 
Commitments
Appendix

  26
2023 CORPORATE RESPONSIBILITY REPORT
Appendix: Facilities with ISO 14001, ISO 45001, ISO 50001 and Green Building Certifications
1, 2
REGION/COUNTRY/
STATE/PROVINCE
REGION/COUNTRY/
STATE/PROVINCE
CITY
CITY
ISO 
14001
ISO 
14001
ISO 
450013
ISO 
450013
ISO 
50001
ISO 
50001
GREEN BUILDING 
CERTIFICATION
GREEN BUILDING 
CERTIFICATION
North America
Canada, Ontario
Alliston
X
X
United States, Alabama
Opelika
X
X
United States, Arkansas
Mountain Home/Midway
X
X
United States, California
Hayward
X
X
United States, California
Irvine
X
X
United States, Illinois
Deerfield Office
X
X
United States, Illinois
Round Lake, Manufacturing
X
X
United States, Illinois
Round Lake, R&D
LEED Silver (2013)4
United States, Minnesota
St. Paul
X
United States, Mississippi
Cleveland
X
X
X
United States, New York
Medina
X
United States, New York
Skaneateles
LEED Gold (2011)5
United States, North Carolina
Marion (North Cove)
X
X
Latin America
Brazil
São Paulo
X
X
X
Colombia
Cali
X
X
X
Dominican Republic
Haina
X
X
Costa Rica
Cartago
X
X
X
Mexico
Atlacomulco
X
X
Mexico
Cuernavaca
X
X
Mexico
Tijuana
X
Puerto Rico
Aibonito
X
X
Puerto Rico
Guayama
X
Puerto Rico
Jayuya
X
Europe, Middle East and Africa
Belgium
Lessines
X
X
X
Belgium
Lessines, BDCE
X
X
X
France
Jonage-Lyon
X
BREEAM Good (2011)
France
Meyzieu
X
X
France
Pluvigner
X
X
Germany
Bielefeld
X
X
Germany
Hechingen
X
X
X
Germany
Saalfeld
X
Greece
Athens (Herakleio)
X
Ireland
Castlebar
X
X
X
Ireland
Swinford
X
X
Europe, Middle East and Africa (continued)
Ireland
Dublin/Blackrock
X
Ireland
Dublin/Sandyford
X
Italy
Grosotto
X
X
X
Italy
Medolla
X
X
X
Italy
Rome
X
X
LEED Gold (2012)
Italy
Sesto Fiorentino
X
X
Italy
Sondalo
X
X
X
Malta
Marsa
X
X
X
Portugal
Sintra
X
X
Spain
Sabiñánigo
X
X
X
Spain
Valencia
X
X
Sweden
Kista
X
EU GreenBuilding (2011)
Sweden
Luleå
X
Sweden
Lund
X
Sweden
Rosersberg
X
BREEAM Very Good (2021)
Switzerland
Zurich
Minergie Plus (2010)
Tunisia
Oued Ellil
X
X
X
United Kingdom
Elstree
X
United Kingdom
Croydon
X
United Kingdom
Northampton
X
X
United Kingdom
Stockport
X
X
United Kingdom
Oxford
X
X
United Kingdom
Thetford
X
X
Asia Pacific
Australia
Toongabbie
X
X
X
China
Guangzhou
X
X
X
China
Shanghai
X
X
X
China
Suzhou
X
X
X
China
Tianjin
X
X
Japan
Miyazaki
X
X
New Zealand
Auckland
X
X
Philippines
Canlubang
X
X
Singapore
Woodlands
X
X
X
Thailand
Amata
X
X
India
Ahmedabad
X
X
From the Chair, 
President and CEO
Company Profile
Corporate Responsibility 
Commitment
2030 Corporate 
Responsibility Goals
Cross-Cutting 
Commitments
Appendix

  27
2023 CORPORATE RESPONSIBILITY REPORT
Appendix: Additional Disclosures
Achieve Carbon Neutrality for Direct Operations by 2040
BAXTER GLOBAL GREENHOUSE GAS (GHG) EMISSIONS FOOTPRINT, 2023*
RENEWABLE AND ALTERNATIVE ENERGY*
See following page for detail. 
We estimate our 2023 GHG emissions footprint (Scope 1, 2 and 3) at 4.031 million metric tons CO2e, down 8.5% from 2022. The largest factor contributing to this 
reduction was a decrease in GHG emissions from purchased goods and services.
Scope 1   Direct Emissions from Baxter-Owned 
 
or -Controlled Sources 
 
(such as on-site fuel combustion)
Scope 2   Indirect Emissions from Purchased 
 
Electricity, Steam and Heating/Cooling
 
8.7%
5.4%
38.2%
Scope 3   Purchased Goods and Services
Scope 3   Use of Sold Products
Scope 3   Other
17.6%
20.3%
9.8%
Scope 3   Upstream Transportation 
 
and Distribution
 
Total metric 
tons CO2e
4,031,000
On-site 
Procured 
Both
AMERICAS
(Brazil, Costa Rica, Dominican Republic, Mexico, 
Puerto Rico, United States)
ASIA PACIFIC
(Australia, China, India)
EUROPE, MIDDLE EAST AND AFRICA
(Belgium, France, Germany, Ireland, Italy, 
Malta, Spain, Sweden, Switzerland,
Tunisia, United Kingdom)
ON-SITE RENEWABLE AND ALTERNATIVE ENERGY-GENERATION CAPACITY*
* As of Dec. 31, 2023. Data excludes Baxter’s BioPharma Solutions business, which was divested 
at the end of the third quarter of 2023.
* As of Dec. 31, 2023. Data excludes Baxter’s BioPharma Solutions business, which was divested at the end of the third quarter of 2023.
Biomass  
Cogeneration  
 
43,000 kW
Heat Pump
Solar 
 
Total installed 
power
70,400 kW
7,900 kW
3,100 kW
16,400 kW
* Data excludes Baxter’s BioPharma Solutions business, which was divested at the end of the third quarter of 2023, except Scope 3 categories 1, 4, 6 and 7. The percentage for Use of Sold Products 
is lower than in prior-year Baxter Corporate Responsibility Reports due to changes in the calculation methodology, and the percentages for the other categories are higher as a result.  
See Value Chain Energy Usage and GHG Emissions for additional detail.
From the Chair, 
President and CEO
Company Profile
Corporate Responsibility 
Commitment
2030 Corporate 
Responsibility Goals
Cross-Cutting 
Commitments
Appendix

  28
2023 CORPORATE RESPONSIBILITY REPORT
Appendix: Additional Disclosures
Achieve Carbon Neutrality for Direct Operations by 2040 (continued)
RENEWABLE AND ALTERNATIVE ENERGY, DETAILED BREAKDOWN BY SITE*
    * As of Dec. 31, 2023. Data excludes Baxter’s BioPharma Solutions business, which was divested at the end of the third quarter of 2023.  
  ** An X in this column indicates that 100% of a siteʼs purchased electricity in 2023 was renewable. Our Ahmedabad, India, site procured some renewable electricity in 2023, but less than 100%.
REGION/COUNTRY/
STATE/PROVINCE
CITY
PROCURED**
Americas
Brazil
São Paulo
X
Costa Rica
Cartago
Solar
690
2023
Dominican Republic
Haina
Solar
1,000
2021
Dominican Republic
Haina
Solar
1,000
2023
Mexico
Atlacomulco
X
Mexico
Cuernavaca
Solar
140
2013
Mexico
Cuernavaca
X
Puerto Rico
Aibonito
Cogeneration
4,200
2023
Puerto Rico
Jayuya 
Cogeneration
2,800
2023
United States, Arkansas
Mountain Home
X
United States, Illinois
Deerfield
X
United States, Illinois
Round Lake, Manufacturing
X
United States, Illinois
Round Lake, R&D
X
United States, Illinois
Waukegan
X
United States, Indiana
Batesville
X
United States, Mississippi
Cleveland
X
United States, North Carolina
Marion (North Cove)
Biomass
35,000
1985
United States, North Carolina
Marion (North Cove)
X
Europe, Middle East and Africa
Belgium
Braine l’Alleud
X
Belgium
Lessines
Solar
1,200
2021
Belgium
Lessines
X
Belgium
Lessines, BDCE
X
France
Jonage-Lyon
X
France
Meyzieu
Heat Pump
60
2009
France
Meyzieu
Heat Pump
270
2013
France
Meyzieu
Heat Pump
580
2020
France
Meyzieu
Heat Pump
470
2022
France
Meyzieu
Heat Pump
1,330
2023
France
Meyzieu
Heat Pump
170
2023
France
Meyzieu
X
France
Meyzieu, Distribution Center
X
Germany
Bielefeld
X
Germany
Hechingen
X
Type
Installed Power (kW)
Year Installed
ON-SITE INSTALLED
REGION/COUNTRY/
STATE/PROVINCE
CITY
PROCURED**
Europe, Middle East and Africa (continued)
Ireland
Castlebar/Swinford
Cogeneration
3,100
2010
Ireland
Castlebar/Swinford
X
Italy
Medolla
Solar
20
2013
Italy
Medolla
Cogeneration
200
2013
Italy
Medolla
Cogeneration
1,200
2021
Italy
Rome
X
Italy
Valtellina
Biomass
8,000
2014
Italy
Valtellina 
Cogeneration
1,200
2019
Malta
Marsa
Solar
850
2012
Malta
Marsa
Heat Pump
50
2013
Spain
Sabiñánigo
X
Spain
Valencia
X
Sweden
Luleå
X
Sweden
Lund
X
Switzerland
San Vittore
Heat Pump
220
2021
Switzerland
San Vittore
X
Tunisia
Oued Ellil
Solar
50
2022
United Kingdom
Compton
X
United Kingdom
Elstree
X
United Kingdom
Liverpool
X
United Kingdom
Liverpool
Cogeneration
1,000
2023
United Kingdom
London
X
United Kingdom
Northampton
X
United Kingdom
Oxford
X
United Kingdom
Stockport
X
United Kingdom
Thetford
Cogeneration
2,700
2020
United Kingdom
Thetford
X
Asia Pacific
Australia
Toongabbie
Solar
50
2012
Australia
Toongabbie
Solar
500
2015
China
Guangzhou
Solar
480
2017
China
Guangzhou
Solar
740
2022
China
Suzhou
Solar
1,000
2022
China
Shanghai
Solar
180
2022
India
Ahmedabad
Partial
Type
Installed Power (kW)
Year Installed
ON-SITE INSTALLED
From the Chair, 
President and CEO
Company Profile
Corporate Responsibility 
Commitment
2030 Corporate 
Responsibility Goals
Cross-Cutting 
Commitments
Appendix

  29
2023 CORPORATE RESPONSIBILITY REPORT
Implement Strategic Water Management Plans
BAXTER MANUFACTURING SITES IN LOCATIONS WITH WATER STRESS 
RISK, 2023* (as determined in accordance with the World Resources 
Institute Aqueduct Water Risk Atlas version 4.0)
See page 12 for additional context about our water 
management program.
Australia 
 
1 
Belgium 
 
 
1
Brazil 
1 
 
China 
1 
 
3
Germany 
1 
2 
India 
 
 
1
Malta 
 
 
1
Mexico 
 
2 
3
Philippines 
1 
 
Saudi Arabia 
 
 
1
Spain 
 
1 
Thailand 
 
1 
Tunisia 
 
1 
United Kingdom 
 
1 
United States 
4 
3 
2
SITE LOCATION 
MEDIUM-HIGH 
HIGH 
EXTREMELY HIGH
Advance Sustainable Procurement
SUMMARY OF SUPPLIER CORPORATE RESPONSIBILITY SURVEY SCORES, 2021–2023*
SUPPLIER CORPORATE RESPONSIBILITY RISK PROFILE, 2023
Results in 2023 included data from 1,292 Baxter suppliers, an increase from 1,016 suppliers in 2022. Of the 1,292 participating suppliers in 2023, 61% are from Europe, Central Asia, the Middle East 
and Africa, 31% are from the Americas and 8% are from Asia Pacific. Data in the table below represents the percentage of participating suppliers that were rated Advanced, Moderate, Partial or 
Insufficient in each survey category.
The following table is a summary of corporate responsibility risk profiling of 38,634 Baxter suppliers, based on 2023 analysis using the EcoVadis IQ tool.* 
* The performance categories presented in this table align with the EcoVadis methodology. “Advanced” indicates structured and proactive corporate responsibility (CR) approach; policies and tangible actions on major topics with significant CR reporting. 
“Moderate” indicates structured and proactive CR approach; policies and tangible actions on major topics with basic CR reporting. “Partial” indicates no structured CR approach; few tangible actions on selected topics; certifications related to 
sites and/or products are only partial. “Insufficient” indicates no engagements or tangible actions regarding CR. Data for each year reflects suppliers participating in Baxter’s supplier CR survey program as of Jan. 31 of the subsequent year. In 
some cases, segments may not add up to 100% due to rounding. A minor subset of suppliers with small businesses of 25 employees or fewer do not receive a score. Data for 2021, 2022 and 2023 includes Baxter’s BioPharma Solutions business, 
which was divested at the end of the third quarter of 2023.
* The performance of risk categories presented in this table aligns with the EcoVadis methodology. Risk levels are based on 1) inherent risk, which is the corporate responsibility risk of a company based 
on its industry and country or EcoVadis rating and 2) procurement risk, which is based on Baxter spend data. “Undefined” refers to companies with 25 employees or fewer that have a Data Universal 
Numbering System (DUNS) number that cannot be matched to a specific industry and do not receive a score. In some cases, segments may not add up to 100% due to rounding. Data includes Baxter’s 
BioPharma Solutions business, which was divested at the end of the third quarter of 2023.
* Data excludes Baxter’s BioPharma Solutions business, which was divested at 
the end of the third quarter of 2023.
 
 
 
Environment 
40% 
30% 
30% 
38% 
44% 
44% 
19% 
25% 
21% 
1% 
2% 
1%
Labor and Human Rights  
28% 
25% 
29% 
51% 
57% 
57% 
20% 
17% 
14% 
1% 
1% 
1%
Ethics 
24% 
22% 
24% 
55% 
55% 
53% 
20% 
22% 
21% 
2% 
2% 
2%
Sustainable Procurement  
20% 
13% 
16% 
37% 
39% 
36% 
36% 
42% 
43% 
7% 
6% 
5%
Overall 
28% 
22% 
25% 
53% 
56% 
56% 
19% 
21% 
18% 
0% 
0% 
0%
Cross-Industry Average  
5% 
7% 
8% 
42% 
44% 
42% 
48% 
45% 
46% 
4% 
4% 
4%
 
2021 
2022 
2023 
2021 
2022 
2023 
2021 
2022 
2023 
2021 
2022 
2023
 
Advanced 
Moderate 
Partial 
Insuﬃcient
Appendix: Additional Disclosures
 
Environment 
6% 
58% 
30% 
7%
Labor and Human Rights  
5% 
56% 
32% 
7%
Ethics 
19% 
63% 
11% 
7%
Sustainable Procurement  
43% 
27% 
24% 
7%
Overall 
2% 
57% 
35% 
7%
Total Partners  
789 
 21,912 
13,342 
2,591
HIGH RISK 
MEDIUM RISK 
LOW RISK 
UNDEFINED 
From the Chair, 
President and CEO
Company Profile
Corporate Responsibility 
Commitment
2030 Corporate 
Responsibility Goals
Cross-Cutting 
Commitments
Appendix

  30
2023 CORPORATE RESPONSIBILITY REPORT
Appendix: Additional Disclosures
Scope*
Certifications and Alignment
INTERNAL SYSTEMS
Enterprise and internally  
developed systems  
environment  
•	 These systems are formally aligned to and internally audited against Baxter’s Digital Security 
Controls Framework. This framework aligns with NIST 800-53 controls. 
•	 We align our data security controls with additional industry-standard control frameworks such 
as ISO 27001, NIST CSF and HITRUST (where applicable) and global regulatory requirements. 
•	 Baxter’s cloud service providers and data center colocation providers are certified against 
multiple standards, including SOC 2 Availability certification.
PRODUCTS
PrisMax v3 therapy platform
Novum IQ infusion platform
DCM v1.3.5
Dose IQ software
•	 UL 2900 certification
SERVICES
Sharesource connectivity platform
Epiphany software
RetinaVue Network 
BardyDx
DHP/SDC digital health platform
•	 ISO 27001 certification, French HDH certification
•	 ISO 27001 certification
•	 Application SOC 2 Type 2, HITRUST r2 validated
•	 Application SOC 2 Type 2
•	 Application SOC 2 Type 2 
Invest in Underserved Communities Globally
Ethics and Compliance
Privacy and Data Protection
BAXTER INTERNATIONAL FOUNDATION SIGNATURE PARTNERSHIPS, 2023 
BAXTER INTERNATIONAL FOUNDATION DISASTER-RELIEF PARTNERS, 2023 
Partner Organization
Location 
Duration
Americares  
Global
2022–2025
International Health Partners
Global
2023–2026
International Medical Corps
Global
2023–2026
UNICEF USA: Every Child Fund
Global
2024–2026
Partner Organization
Grant Program
Location 
Duration
American Diabetes Association
Address health disparities in diabetes care and prevention (Learn more)
United States
2021–2024
Direct Relief
Improve nutrition and diabetes care in underserved communities 
(Learn more)
United States
2019–2026
Northwestern University Baxter  
Center for Science Education
Provide STEM support for educators and K-12 students (Learn more)
United States
Since 2009
Operation Smile
Advance access to safe surgery with a community-based approach 
(Learn more)
India
2019–2025
Partners In Health
Expand access to surgical care for women (Learn more)
Mexico
2022–2024
Thurgood Marshall College Fund 
Support students in STEM at Historically Black Colleges and  
Universities (HBCUs) (Learn more)
United States
2022–2025
UNICEF USA
  ∙ Improve water, sanitation and hygiene (WASH) services (Learn more)
  ∙ Improve climate-smart WASH services (Learn more)
Colombia
Egypt
2021–2027
2023–2025
ITEMS REPORTED TO THE ETHICS AND COMPLIANCE HELPLINE IN 2023*
BAXTER GLOBAL CHARITABLE GIVING, 2023* 
BAXTER DIGITAL SECURITY CERTIFICATIONS
In 2023, Baxter logged 743 reports from 36 countries** into our Ethics and Compliance Helpline system and closed 705 cases 
that were received through 2023.***  
All information Baxter collects and uses is handled in a secure manner. We have obtained certifications for the following 
internal systems, products and services, based on the location of services and data involved.
Work Environment/Employee Relations 
72%
Conﬂict of Interest  
6%
Manufacturing/EHS&S/R&D/Regulatory/Quality 
6%
Interactions with Government Oﬃcials Including HCPs/HCOs (outside the United States) 
4%
Marketing and Sales 
4%
Asset of Information Misuse or Misappropriation/Conﬁdential Data 
3%
Financial Management and Reporting  
3%
Competitive Practices 
2%
Payments/Gifts/Entertainment with HCPs/HCOs (United States)  
1%
CATEGORY†
% OF TOTAL††
* Not all products listed are available in all geographies, and proposed certifications for these products may be subject to change prior to regulatory approval or launch.
98 countries 
reached through:
Baxter Product Distributed
Cash Contributions**
Both
    * Data includes Baxter’s BioPharma Solutions business, which was divested at the end of the third quarter of 2023. 
  ** Puerto Rico is counted as part of the United States. 
*** Some cases typically remain open at the end of any given year until the corresponding investigation is closed, with the number of cases closed in a year reflecting some cases 	
opened before the beginning of the year.
   †	HCPs are healthcare professionals. HCOs are healthcare organizations.
††	Percentages may not add up to 100% due to rounding.
  * Data includes Baxter’s BioPharma Solutions 	
	
business, which was divested at the end of 	
	
the third quarter of 2023.  
** Reflects programmatic location of 	 	
	
Baxter International Foundation grants and 	
	
scholarships and business and facility cash 	
	
donations mapped by location
In addition to Baxter product donations, the Foundation 
responds to natural disasters through preparedness 
initiatives and immediate response support in 
partnership with the following organizations (right).
From the Chair, 
President and CEO
Company Profile
Corporate Responsibility 
Commitment
2030 Corporate 
Responsibility Goals
Cross-Cutting 
Commitments
Appendix

  31
2023 CORPORATE RESPONSIBILITY REPORT
Appendix: LRQA Independent Assurance Statement
Terms of engagement
LRQA was commissioned by Baxter 
Healthcare Corporation to provide 
independent assurance on select 
sections of data and information in 
Baxter’s 2023 Corporate Responsibility 
Report (“the Report”) against the 
assurance criteria below. As described 
below, some sections of the Report 
were verified to a reasonable level of 
assurance and at the materiality of the professional judgement 
of the verifier, while others were verified to a limited level of 
assurance and materiality of the professional judgement of the 
verifier. Our assurance does not extend to any other information 
included in the Report. The assurance process is conducted using 
LRQA’s verification procedure. LRQA’s verification procedure is 
based on current best practice, is in accordance with ISAE 3000 
and ISAE 3410 and uses the principles of inclusivity, materiality, 
responsiveness, and reliability of performance data.
Our assurance engagement covered data and claims in the 
Report and associated data in the Report appendix for Baxter’s 
operations and activities in operationally controlled sites 
worldwide and specifically the following requirements:
•	 Verifying conformance with:
•	 Baxter’s internal reporting requirements for facility 
environmental, health, safety and sustainability 
performance.
•	 Evaluating the accuracy and reliability of data and information, 
to a reasonable level of assurance, for only the selected sections 
of the Report listed below:
•	 Achieve Carbon Neutrality for Direct Operations by 2040
•	 Greenhouse gas (GHG) emissions verification is 
documented under a separate assurance statement.
•	 Implement Strategic Water Management Plans
•	 Implement Strategic Materials and Waste Management Plans
•	 Achieve Top Quartile Workplace Safety Performance
•	 The following material in the Report Appendix:
•	 Data Summary: Achieve Carbon Neutrality for Direct 
Operations by 2040; Implement Strategic Water 
Management Plans; Implement Strategic Materials and 
Waste Management Plans; Environmental, Health, Safety 
and Sustainability Governance and Additional Disclosures; 
Achieve Top Quartile Workplace Safety Performance.
•	 Value Chain Energy Usage and GHG Emissions (Energy, 
Scope 1 and Scope 2 GHG emissions)
•	 Facilities with ISO 14001, ISO 45001, ISO 50001 and Green 
Building Certifications
•	 The following Additional Disclosures: Achieve Carbon 
Neutrality for Direct Operations by 2040; Implement 
Strategic Water Management Plans
•	 Evaluating the accuracy and reliability of data and information, to 
a limited level of assurance, for only the selected sections of the 
Report listed below:
•	 Scope 3 emissions subsection of Achieve Carbon Neutrality for 
Direct Operations by 2040 section
•	 Advance Sustainable Procurement
•	 Protecting Human Rights in Our Supply Chain subsection of 
Human Rights section
•	 Supplier Diversity subsection of Diversity, Equity and Inclusion 
section
•	 The following material in the Report Appendix:
•	 Data Summary: GHG Emissions from Product Transport 
section of Achieve Carbon Neutrality for Direct Operations 
by 2040; Advance Sustainable Procurement; Supplier 
Diversity and Economic Impact of Spending with Diverse 
Suppliers sections of Diversity, Equity and Inclusion
•	 Value Chain Energy Usage and GHG Emissions—Scope 3 
emissions
•	 Additional Disclosures (Advance Sustainable Procurement)
Our assurance engagement excluded the data and information of 
Baxter’s suppliers, contractors and any third-parties mentioned in 
the Report.
LRQA’s responsibility is only to Baxter. LRQA disclaims any liability 
or responsibility to others as explained in the end footnote. 
Baxter’s responsibility is for collecting, aggregating, analyzing and 
presenting all the data and information within the Report and for 
maintaining effective internal controls over the systems from which 
the Report is derived. Ultimately, the Report has been approved by, 
and remains the responsibility of Baxter.
LRQA’s Opinion
Based on LRQA’s approach for the categories stated above as verified 
to reasonable assurance, except for the effect of the matters 
described in the Basis for Qualified Opinion, we believe that Baxter 
has, in all material respects:
•	 Met the requirements above; and
•	 Disclosed accurate and reliable performance data and 
information
The opinion expressed is formed on the basis of a reasonable level 
of assurance and at the materiality of the professional judgement of 
the verifier.
Based on LRQA’s approach for the categories listed above as verified 
to limited assurance, except for the effect of the matters described in 
the Basis for Qualified Opinion, nothing has come to our attention that 
would cause us to believe that Baxter has not, in all material respects:
•	 Met the requirements above; and
•	 Disclosed accurate and reliable performance data and 
information.
The opinion expressed is formed on the basis of a limited level of 
assurance1 and at the materiality of the professional judgement 
of the verifier.
Basis for Qualified Opinion
Baxter was not able to provide supporting evidence for some of the 
data and information in the following sections of the Report:  
Scope 1 and 2 GHG emissions and energy savings values in the 
Achieve Carbon Neutrality for Direct Operations by 2040 section 
of the Report and Report appendices; waste quantities in the 
Implement Strategic Materials and Waste Management Plans 
section of the Report appendices; and water quantities in the 
Implement Strategic Water Management Plans section of the Report 
appendices. This lack of supporting evidence was not material. 
LRQA’s approach
LRQA’s assurance engagements are carried out in accordance 
with our verification procedure. The following tasks were 
undertaken as part of the evidence-gathering process for this 
assurance engagement:
•	 Auditing Baxter’s data management systems to confirm 
that there were no significant errors, omissions or 
mis-statements in the Report. We did this by reviewing the 
effectiveness of data-handling procedures, instructions 
and systems, including those for internal verification. We 
also spoke with those key people responsible for compiling 
the data and drafting the Report;
•	 Conducting site tours of select facilities and reviewing 
processes related to the control and reporting of 
environmental and safety data and records;
•	 Interviewing relevant employees of the organization 
responsible for managing environmental and safety data 
and records;
•	 Verifying a sample of historical environmental and safety 
data and records back to source for the calendar year 2023;
•	 Verifying a sample of claims made in the Report text for the 
sections listed above; and
•	 Verifying a sample of data metrics included in the appendix 
table for the sections listed above.
Observations
Further observations and findings, made during the assurance 
engagement, are:
•	 Supplier diversity information was only confirmed against a 
summary report from supplier.io. LRQA did not verify data 
provided in the summary report.
•	 LRQA confirmed that Baxter has human rights policies in place, 
including requirements for their suppliers. LRQA did not perform 
any social audits. LRQA recommends that Baxter perform a 
social audit to confirm suppliers are following the policy.
LRQA’s standards, competence and independence
LRQA implements and maintains a comprehensive management 
system that meets accreditation requirements for ISO 14065 
Greenhouse gases – Requirements for greenhouse gas validation 
and verification bodies for use in accreditation or other forms 
of recognition and ISO/IEC 17021 Conformity assessment – 
Requirements for bodies providing audit and certification of 
management systems that are at least as demanding as the 
requirements of the International Standard on Quality Control 1 and 
comply with the Code of Ethics for Professional Accountants issued 
by the International Ethics Standards Board for Accountants.
LRQA ensures the selection of appropriately qualified individuals 
based on their qualifications, training and experience. The outcome 
of all verification and certification audits is then internally reviewed 
by senior management to ensure that the approach applied is 
rigorous and transparent.
LRQA is Baxter’s certification body for ISO 9001, ISO 14001 and ISO 
45001. The verification and certification audits are the only work 
undertaken by LRQA for Baxter and as such do not compromise our 
independence or impartiality.
Dated: 23 May 2024
Signed
Brooke Farrell
LRQA Lead Verifier
On behalf of LRQA, Inc.
810 Seventh Avenue, Suite 1110
New York, NY 10019
LRQA reference: UQA00002349/6104842
LRQA Group Limited its affiliates and subsidiaries, and their respective 
officers, employees or agents are, individually and collectively, referred 
to in this clause as ‘LRQA’. LRQA assumes no responsibility and shall 
not be liable to any person for any loss, damage or expense caused by 
reliance on the information or advice in this document or howsoever 
provided, unless that person has signed a contract with the relevant 
LRQA entity for the provision of this information or advice and in that 
case any responsibility or liability is exclusively on the terms and 
conditions set out in that contract.
The English version of this Assurance Statement is the only valid version. 
LRQA assumes no responsibility for versions translated into other 
languages.
This Assurance Statement is only valid when published with the Report to 
which it refers. It may only be reproduced in its entirety.
Copyright © LRQA, 2024.
1 The extent of evidence-gathering for a limited assurance engagement is less than 
for a reasonable assurance engagement. Limited assurance engagements focus on 
aggregated data rather than physically checking source data at sites. Consequently, 
the level of assurance obtained in a limited assurance engagement is substantially 
lower than the assurance that would have been obtained had a reasonable 
assurance engagement been performed.
RELATING TO BAXTER’S REPORT FOR THE 2023 CALENDAR YEAR
This Assurance Statement has been prepared for Baxter in accordance with our contract.
From the Chair, 
President and CEO
Company Profile
Corporate Responsibility 
Commitment
2030 Corporate 
Responsibility Goals
Cross-Cutting 
Commitments
Appendix

  32
2023 CORPORATE RESPONSIBILITY REPORT
Appendix: GRI Content Index
GRI 2: General Disclosures 2021 (continued)
2-26
Mechanisms for seeking advice and 
raising concerns
17, 30
2-27
Compliance with laws and regulations
23, 24, Baxter 2023 Annual Report on 
Form 10-K
2-28
Membership associations
We engage with external organizations to help 
drive progress on a broad range of issues. 
Examples include the Advanced Medical 
Technology Association, Association of 
Corporate Citizenship Professionals, Business 
Roundtable, Catalyst, CEO Action for Diversity 
& Inclusion, Ceres Company Network, Chicago 
United, Congressional Hispanic Caucus 
Institute, Disability:IN, Smart Freight Centre, 
Congressional Black Caucus Foundation, GRI 
Community, Healthcare Leadership Council, 
Healthcare Plastics Recycling Council, 
National Association for EHS&S Management, 
National Minority Quality Forum, National 
Minority Supplier Development Council, 
National Safety Council, Partnership for 
Quality Medical Donations, Pharmaceutical 
Supply Chain Initiative, Seramount, Vinyl 
Council of Australia and others.
2-29
Approach to stakeholder engagement
8
GRI 3: Material Topics 2021
3-1
Process to determine material topics
8
3-2
List of material topics
20
3-3
Management of material topics
Included in relevant sections throughout 
the report.
GRI 201: Economic Performance 2016
Management Approach
14, 18
201-1
Direct economic value generated and 
distributed
14, 18, 23, 24, 30, Baxter 2023 Annual 
Report on Form 10-K
201-2
Financial implications and other risks and 
opportunities due to climate change
Baxter CDP submission
GRI 203: Indirect Economic Impacts 2016
Management Approach
11, 14, 18
203-1
Infrastructure investments and  
services supported
11, 14, 18
203-2
Significant indirect economic impacts
11, 14, 18, 23, 24, 30
GRI 2: General Disclosures 2021
2-1
Organizational details
Baxterʼs corporate headquarters is in 
Deerfield, Illinois. Baxter International Inc. 
(BAX) is a publicly traded company listed on 
the New York Stock Exchange. Baxter 2023 
Annual Report on Form 10-K
2-2
Entities included in the organization’s 
sustainability reporting
19
2-3
Reporting period, frequency and contact 
point
Reporting period: January–December
Frequency: Yearly
Contact point: corporate_responsibility_
report@baxter.com
2-4
Restatements of information
Noted in sections as relevant.
2-5
External assurance
2
2-6
Activities, value chain and other business 
relationships
13, 25, Baxter 2023 Annual Report on Form 
10-K
2-7
Employees
23, 24
2-9
Governance structure and composition
Our Governance 
2-10
Nomination and selection of the highest 
governance body
Corporate Governance Guidelines
2-11
Chair of the highest governance body
Our Governance
2-12
Role of the highest governance body in 
overseeing the management of impacts
7
2-13
Delegation of responsibility for managing 
impacts
7
2-15
Conflicts of interest
Corporate Governance Guidelines
2-16
Communication of critical concerns
Baxter 2023 Proxy Statement
2-19
Remuneration policies
Corporate Governance Guidelines, Baxter 
2023 Proxy Statement
2-20
Process to determine remuneration
Corporate Governance Guidelines, Baxter 
2023 Proxy Statement
2-21
Annual total compensation ratio
Baxter 2023 Proxy Statement
2-22
Statement on sustainable development 
strategy
6
2-23
Policy commitments
21
GRI 205: Anticorruption 2016
Management Approach
17
205-1
Operations assessed for risks related  
to corruption
17
205-2
Communication and training about  
anticorruption policies and procedures
17
GRI 301: Materials 2016
Management Approach
13
301-3
Reclaimed products and their  
packaging materials
23
GRI 302: Energy 2016
Management Approach
12
302-1
Energy consumption within the 
organization
12, 22, 25, 27, 28
302-3
Energy intensity
22
302-4
Reduction of energy consumption
12
GRI 303: Water and Effluents 2018
Management Approach
12
303-3
Water withdrawal
22
303-4
Water discharge
22
GRI 305: Emissions 2016
Management Approach
12
305-1
Direct (Scope 1) GHG emissions
25, 27
305-2
Energy indirect (Scope 2) GHG emissions
25, 27
305-3
Other indirect (Scope 3) GHG emissions
25, 27
305-4
GHG emissions intensity
22
305-5
Reduction of GHG emissions
12
305-7
Nitrogen oxides (NOX), sulfur oxides (SOX)  
and other significant air emissions
23
DISCLOSURE
2023 REPORTING
DISCLOSURE
2023 REPORTING
DISCLOSURE
2023 REPORTING
Baxter has reported the information cited in this GRI content index for the period Jan. 1, 2023 through Dec. 31, 2023 with reference to the GRI Standards. The reported information may meet in part or in full the requirements of each GRI disclosure listed.
From the Chair, 
President and CEO
Company Profile
Corporate Responsibility 
Commitment
2030 Corporate 
Responsibility Goals
Cross-Cutting 
Commitments
Appendix

  33
2023 CORPORATE RESPONSIBILITY REPORT
Appendix: GRI Content Index (continued)
GRI 306: Waste 2020 
Management Approach
13
306-3
Waste generated  
22, 23
306-4
Waste diverted from disposal
23
306-5
Waste directed to disposal
23
GRI 307: Environmental Compliance 2016
Management Approach
12, 13, 21
307-1
Non-compliance with environmental laws  
and regulations
23
GRI 308: Supplier Environmental Assessment 2016
Management Approach
13, 29
308-2
Negative environmental impacts in the  
supply chain and actions taken
12, 13, 25, 29
GRI 401: Employment 2016
Management Approach 
18, Benefits
401-1
New employee hires and employee turnover
24
401-2
Benefits provided to full-time employees  
that are not provided to temporary or  
part-time employees
18, Benefits  
All benefits are generally provided to full-
time and part-time employees.
GRI 402: Labor/Management Relations 2016
402-1
Minimum notice periods regarding  
operational changes
Minimum notice period varies by country. 
The length of the notice period is dependent 
on the type of change being made. Baxter is 
committed to providing appropriate notice 
and follows all relevant consultation and 
notice requirements.
GRI 403: Occupational Health and Safety 2018
Management Approach
14
403-9
Work-related injuries
24
GRI 404: Training and Education 2016
Management Approach 
17, 18, Career Development
404-1
Average hours of training per year  
per employee
24
404-2
Programs for upgrading employee skills  
and transition assistance programs
Career Development
GRI 405: Diversity and Equal Opportunity 2016
Management Approach
15, 18
405-1
Diversity of governance bodies and 
employees
15, 23, 24, Our Leadership
GRI 408: Child Labor 2016
Management Approach
13, 29, Baxter Global Human Rights Policy, 
Baxter Code of Conduct, Global Supplier 
Standards Manual, Ethics and Compliance 
Standards for Baxter Suppliers
408-1
Operations and suppliers at significant 
risk for incidents of child labor
29
GRI 409: Forced or Compulsory Labor 2016
Management Approach
13, 29, Baxter Global Human Rights Policy, 
Baxter Code of Conduct, Global Supplier 
Standards Manual, Ethics and Compliance 
Standards for Baxter Suppliers, Baxter 
California Transparency in Supply Chains 
Act Supplier Disclosure Statement, Baxter 
UK Modern Slavery Statement, Baxter 
Australia Modern Slavery Statement, 
Baxter Conflict Minerals Position Statement
409-1
Operations and suppliers at significant 
risk for incidents of forced or 
compulsory labor
29
GRI 414: Supplier Social Assessment 2016
Management Approach
13, 29
414-2
Negative social impacts in the supply 
chain and actions taken
13, 29
GRI 415: Public Policy 2016
Management Approach
Baxter 2023 Political Contributions Report 
415-1
Political contributions
Baxter 2023 Political Contributions Report 
GRI 416: Customer Health and Safety 2016
Management Approach
11
416-1
Assessment of the health and safety 
impacts of product and service 
categories
11
416-2
Incidents of non-compliance concerning 
the health and safety impacts of products 
and services
34
GRI 418: Customer Privacy 2016
Management Approach
17
GRI 419: Socioeconomic Compliance 2016
Management Approach
17
419-1
Non-compliance with laws and regulations 
in the social and economic area
35, Baxter 2023 Annual Report on Form 10-K
DISCLOSURE
DISCLOSURE
DISCLOSURE
2023 REPORTING 2022 REPORTING
2023 REPORTING
2023 REPORTING
From the Chair, 
President and CEO
Company Profile
Corporate Responsibility 
Commitment
2030 Corporate 
Responsibility Goals
Cross-Cutting 
Commitments
Appendix

  34
2023 CORPORATE RESPONSIBILITY REPORT
TOPIC
CODE
SASB METRIC
2023 REPORTING
Affordability  
& Pricing
HC-MS-240a.1
Ratio of weighted average rate of net price increases 
(for all products) to the annual increase in the U.S. 
Consumer Price Index
Baxter does not disclose this data. See Contractual Arrangements in Baxter’s 2023 Annual Report on Form 10-K for information about 
some factors that impact product pricing.
HC-MS-240a.2
Description of how price information for each product 
is disclosed to customers or to their agents
Baxter products are sold through contracts with customers, both within and outside the United States. Some of these contracts have terms 
of more than one year and place limits on our ability to increase prices; some contracts also specify minimum quantities to be purchased by 
the customer, and some contracts may include variable consideration related to rebates, sales discounts and/or wholesaler charge-backs. 
Our customers include hospitals, governments, kidney dialysis centers and other organizations. Both in and outside the United States, 
hospitals and other customers have joined purchasing entities, such as group purchasing organizations, integrated delivery networks and 
public contracting authorities, to enhance purchasing power.
See the Contractual Arrangements, Competition and Healthcare Cost Containment and Revenue Recognition sections in Baxterʼs 2023 
Annual Report on Form 10-K.
Product Safety
HC-MS-250a.1
Number of recalls issued, total units recalled
In 2023, Baxter recalled or corrected approximately 34,311,500 units1 and issued:
•	 Sixteen medical device product recalls that were reported to U.S. Food and Drug Administration (FDA) and removed from the market or corrected2
•	 Sixteen medical device product recalls that were reported to non-U.S. national regulatory authorities and removed from the market or corrected
See Consistently Improve Manufacturing Capabilities and Data Summary for information about the company’s product improvements and 
recall data, inclusive of drug-related recalls. 
HC-MS-250a.2
List of products listed in the FDA’s MedWatch  
Safety Alerts for Human Medical Products database
As of Dec. 31, 2023, the MedWatch Safety Alerts for Human Medical Products database included the following three Baxter medical device products:  
•	 Baxter Issues Urgent Medical Device Correction for Novum IQ Syringe Infusion Pump Due to Potential Impact of Downstream Occlusions 
on Infusion Volume
•	 Baxter Healthcare Corporation Recalls SIGMA Spectrum Infusion Pumps with Master Drug Library and Spectrum IQ Infusion Systems 
with Dose IQ Safety Software for Repeat Upstream Occlusion False Alarms
•	 Baxter Issues Urgent Medical Device Correction for LIFE2000 Ventilation System Due to Potential for Patient Desaturation When 
Connected with an Oxygen Concentrator
HC-MS-250a.3
Number of fatalities related to products as  
reported in the FDA Manufacturer and User Facility 
Device Experience
Under FDA regulations, manufacturers and device user facilities must report information that reasonably suggests a medical device may have 
caused or contributed to a fatality or serious injury. Manufacturers must also submit to FDA reports of certain malfunctions. Such reports for 
Baxter’s medical devices are available here: Manufacturer and User Facility Device Experience.   
HC-MS-250a.4
Number of FDA enforcement actions taken 
in response to violations of current Good 
Manufacturing Practices (cGMP), by type
While not necessarily constituting an enforcement action, in 2023, Baxter received:
•	 Five Form 483s
•	 One warning letter
•	 Zero seizures 
•	 Zero injunctions
See Consistently Improve Manufacturing Capabilities, as well as Certain Regulatory Matters in Baxter’s 2023 Annual Report on Form 10-K,  
for related information.  
Ethical 
Marketing
HC-MS-270a.1
Total amount of monetary losses as a result of legal 
proceedings associated with false marketing claims
In 2023, Baxter had no monetary losses due to legal proceedings associated with false marketing claims that were previously reported in 
any company Exchange Act filings. 
HC-MS-270a.2
Description of code of ethics governing promotion of 
off-label use of products
Off-label promotion is strictly prohibited at Baxter. See the Baxter Code of Conduct and the Baxter Global Interactions Policy. See Ethics and 
Compliance for information about the company’s approach in this area.
Appendix: Sustainability Accounting Standards Board Index
This index includes and references information related to the Sustainability Accounting Standards Board (SASB) Medical Equipment & Supplies Sustainability Accounting Standard. Data covers calendar year 2023, unless specified otherwise.  
Aside from SASB metric HC-MS-430a.1, data within the index excludes data associated with Baxter’s BioPharma Solutions business, which was divested at the end of the third quarter of 2023.
From the Chair, 
President and CEO
Company Profile
Corporate Responsibility 
Commitment
2030 Corporate 
Responsibility Goals
Cross-Cutting 
Commitments
Appendix

  35
2023 CORPORATE RESPONSIBILITY REPORT
TOPIC
CODE
SASB METRIC
2023 REPORTING
Product Design 
& Lifecycle 
Management
HC-MS-410a.1
Discussion of process to assess and manage 
environmental and human health considerations 
associated with chemicals in products, and meet 
demand for sustainable products
Baxter’s corporate responsibility approach prioritizes compliance with product, chemical, pharmaceutical and medical device regulations. 
Our global strategies and programs help us to meet product materials restrictions. We use a leading third-party software tool to manage and 
monitor our use of chemicals. We work to avoid or minimize the use of materials of concern as part of our EHS&S product reviews and by 
understanding applicable regulations. Working with a third party, we collect data from suppliers to determine their use of materials of high 
concern. We also continue to leverage third-party testing of chemical content in parts and products.
See Materials Use in Products and Packaging for information about the company’s approach in this area. 
HC-MS-410a.2
Total amount of products accepted for takeback and 
reused, recycled, or donated, broken down by: (1) 
devices and equipment and (2) supplies
See Product End-of-Life and Data Summary for information about the company’s approach in this area and product-recovery data. 
Supply Chain 
Management
HC-MS-430a.1
Percentage of (1) entity’s facilities and (2) Tier I 
suppliers’ facilities participating in third-party audit 
programs for manufacturing and product quality
Between 2021 and 2023, approximately 48% of Baxter’s total facilities worldwide completed third-party audits based on ISO 13485 
(including through the Medical Device Single Audit Program) or ISO 9001; approximately 49% completed ministry of health or equivalent 
audits (depending on location) related to manufacturing and product quality; and approximately 16% completed safety marking (such as 
Conformité Européenne [CE] marking3) audits.
As of Dec. 31, 2023, approximately 27% of Baxterʼs Tier 1 suppliers had obtained third-party certification. There were approximately 32% of 
legacy Hillrom suppliers that had obtained third-party ISO certification.  
See Consistently Improve Manufacturing Capabilities and Supplier Corporate Responsibility Audits for related information. 
HC-MS-430a.2
Description of efforts to maintain traceability within 
the distribution chain
Baxter has a range of systems and processes to maintain traceability of materials throughout the product supply and distribution chain: 
•	 Traceability of materials from suppliers to Baxter, and throughout the manufacturing process, is maintained utilizing electronic verification 
systems that detect whether materials are traceable and appropriate for use.  
•	 Medical device and pharmaceutical products manufactured by Baxter that require product registration and classification are labeled 
with a unique identifier that is traceable from the manufacturing process to the customer and may utilize barcoding and/or serialization 
technology to facilitate electronic track-and-trace capability. Enterprise resource planning (ERP) systems are used to manage traceability 
to the point of sale. Baxter has business agreements with our wholesalers to detect whether traceability is maintained within their 
distribution chains. The product traceability information can be retrieved as needed. 
•	 Baxter maintains a range of compliance-focused initiatives to help detect whether all products are labeled and tracked as required by local 
and regional regulations to achieve traceability.  
Procedures are in place to define traceability requirements through the product-development process to the end customer. 
See section 7.11, Product Identification and Traceability of the Baxter Supplier Quality Standard for more information.
HC-MS-430a.3
Description of the management of risks associated 
with the use of critical materials
See Baxter’s Position Statement on Conflict Minerals and our most recent Conflict Minerals Report.
Business Ethics
HC-MS-510a.1
Total amount of monetary losses as a result of legal 
proceedings associated with bribery or corruption
In 2023, Baxter had no monetary losses due to legal proceedings associated with bribery or corruption that were previously reported in any 
company Exchange Act filings. See Ethics and Compliance for information about the company’s approach in this area.
HC-MS-510a.2
Description of code of ethics governing interactions 
with health care professionals
See Baxter’s Global Interactions Policy and Ethics and Compliance for information about the company’s approach in this area. Baxter has country 
annexes that outline additional restrictions and considerations when interacting with healthcare professionals in each respective country. 
Baxter has adopted the AdvaMed Code of Ethics and also belongs to similar industry and professional associations around the world.  
See Professional Codes of Ethics and Industry Standards on Baxter’s Ethics and Compliance page for information.
Appendix: Sustainability Accounting Standards Board Index (continued)
From the Chair, 
President and CEO
Company Profile
Corporate Responsibility 
Commitment
2030 Corporate 
Responsibility Goals
Cross-Cutting 
Commitments
Appendix

  36
2023 CORPORATE RESPONSIBILITY REPORT
Appendix: Task Force on Climate-related Financial Disclosures Index
1. Governance 
RECOMMENDED DISCLOSURE
BAXTER DISCLOSURE
a) Describe the Board’s oversight of climate-related 
risks and opportunities
Baxter’s Board of Directors, as well as the Board’s Quality and Regulatory Compliance Committee (QRC Committee) and Nominating, Corporate Governance and Public Policy 
Committee (NCGPP Committee), oversee, review and guide strategy related to ESG-related matters, including climate-related risks and opportunities as well as Baxter’s 2030 
Corporate Responsibility Commitment and Goals. The QRC Committee has oversight of issues related to environmental, health and safety, and sustainability matters that may 
affect the business operations, performance or public image of the company. The QRC Committee and the NCGPP Committee share oversight of stockholder proposals related to 
environmental or sustainability matters.
The Board maintains ultimate responsibility for risk oversight at the company. Its process for overseeing climate-related risks and opportunities includes presentations and 
discussions covering enterprise risk management (ERM) and progress toward Baxter’s corporate responsibility goals. The full Board is updated at least annually on corporate 
responsibility matters, including issues related to climate change. This includes information on climate-related risks and opportunities from the Vice President, Environment, 
Health, Safety and Sustainability.
b) Describe management’s role in assessing and 
managing climate-related risks and opportunities
Baxter’s Executive Vice President, Chief Supply Chain Officer has primary accountability and oversight for climate-related risks and opportunities at the company, including 
assessment and management. The Executive Vice President, Chief Supply Chain Officer reports directly to Baxter’s Chair, President and CEO and is on the company’s Operating 
Committee (which includes the Chair, President and CEO’s direct reports as well as other key business and functional leaders).
The Executive Vice President, Chief Supply Chain Officer is a member of the cross-functional executive-level Corporate Responsibility Steering Committee. This committee also 
includes Baxter’s Chair, President and CEO; Executive Vice President, Chief Financial Officer; and Senior Vice President, Chief Accounting Officer and Controller, among others.  
It provides direction and oversight to our corporate responsibility initiatives and advances our corporate responsibility strategy and culture, including climate-related strategies.  
This committee meets or receives updates quarterly to monitor policies, action plans and strategies as well as other matters of significance to the company’s reputation as a 
socially responsible organization.
In addition, the Executive Vice President, Chief Supply Chain Officer and this committee provide guidance to Baxter’s Corporate Responsibility Council (CRC). The CRC is composed 
of cross-functional leaders and representatives including Baxter’s Vice President, Environment, Health, Safety and Sustainability, who has responsibility for Baxter’s climate-related 
goals and co-chairs the CRC alongside Baxter’s Vice President, Corporate Responsibility and Global Philanthropy.
2. Strategy
RECOMMENDED DISCLOSURE
BAXTER DISCLOSURE
a) Describe the climate-related risks and  
opportunities the organization has identified over  
the short, medium, and long term
Baxter has identified the climate-related risks summarized on the following page. If unmitigated, these have the potential to cause substantive financial or strategic impact to our 
business and significantly affect Baxter’s ability to produce or distribute products throughout the supply chain. These risks do not reflect the impact of Baxter’s ongoing strategic 
actions, including the proposed separation of the companyʼs Kidney Care business.
The company defines short term as one to three years, medium term as three to five years and long term as five to fifteen years.
The Task Force on Climate-related Financial Disclosures (TCFD) framework, recently incorporated into the International Sustainability Standards Board Standards, is designed to help improve climate-related disclosure that is relevant to 
investors and other key stakeholders in the areas of governance, strategy, risk management, and metrics and targets. This report builds on Baxter’s more than 30-year history of publishing environmental performance information, including 
extensive reporting of the company’s policies, programs and progress addressing climate change. Baxter is committed to transparency and strong disclosure in this area, as we drive progress toward our goal to achieve carbon neutrality for 
our direct operations by 2040 and reduce absolute Scope 1 and 2 greenhouse gas (GHG) emissions 25% by 2030, aligned with a well-below 2⁰ Celsius science-based target (base year 2020).
This index complements the other content and data in this Corporate Responsibility Report, as well as the company’s Sustainability Accounting Standards Board (SASB) Index, Political Contributions Report, submissions to CDP Climate and 
CDP Water, and other environmental, social and governance (ESG)-related disclosures. We also publish additional ESG-related information on our Corporate Responsibility website.
From the Chair, 
President and CEO
Company Profile
Corporate Responsibility 
Commitment
2030 Corporate 
Responsibility Goals
Cross-Cutting 
Commitments
Appendix

  37
2023 CORPORATE RESPONSIBILITY REPORT
Appendix: Task Force on Climate-related Financial Disclosures Index (continued)
2. Strategy (continued) 
RECOMMENDED DISCLOSURE
BAXTER DISCLOSURE
a) Describe the climate-related risks and  
opportunities the organization has identified over  
the short, medium, and long term (continued)
CLIMATE-RELATED RISKS AT BAXTER
Physical—Acute
Risk: Increased severity of hurricanes/cyclones/typhoons
•	 Time horizon: Short term, medium term, long term
•	 Part of the value chain: Direct operations
•	 Impact on business: Decreased asset value or asset useful life leading to write-offs, asset impairment or early retirement of existing assets; decreased revenues due to 
reduced production capacity
•	 Management’s response: Baxter maintains business continuity plans at all facilities to prepare for, respond to and recover from extreme weather events and geopolitical 
crises, among other incidents. See section 2.c for detail. Mitigation activities to address increased severity of hurricanes/cyclones/typhoons include improving building 
structural integrity and enhancing overall site resilience and emergency response capabilities to address the impacts of severe storms. We have been optimizing our global 
manufacturing platform to increase flexibility regarding where critical products are produced for specific markets. We also pre-position critical raw materials outside of 
forecasted storm zones. Baxter facilities plan and implement energy projects that reduce GHG emissions, improve system redundancy and robustness, and decrease our 
reliance on local power utilities. Project status is monitored periodically and performance is measured quarterly. At high-risk facilities, the company also maintains robust 
water-supply systems, including storage tanks, to reduce the risk of impacts on facility operations related to disruptions in local utilities and infrastructure.
Risk: Increased water scarcity related to climate change
•	 Time horizon: Short term, medium term, long term
•	 Part of the value chain: Direct operations
•	 Impact on business: Increased difficulty obtaining needed water at certain manufacturing locations
•	 Management’s response: During 2022–2023, we performed assessments at manufacturing sites that represented 75% of water usage in manufacturing, to understand the 
local water conditions and considerations of those locations. See section 3.a and Implement Strategic Water Management Plans for additional detail.
Transition—Policy and legal
Risk: Emerging regulation related to GHG emissions and climate change 
•	 Time horizon: Short term, medium term, long term
•	 Part of the value chain: Direct operations
•	 Impact on business: Increased operating costs
•	 Management’s response: Our Global Energy Program tracks energy use, costs and GHG emissions for all Baxter manufacturing sites on a monthly basis. The program 
reports performance to management quarterly, supporting progress toward facility- and company-level energy-efficiency improvement and GHG emissions-reduction goals. 
Additionally, the program identifies projects (including associated capital requirements, annual projected cost savings and GHG emissions reductions) to prioritize for each 
facility. Site-specific energy assessments help Baxter identify opportunities to conserve energy, such as implementing new technologies or adopting best practices where 
appropriate. Our Global Energy Program, which is certified to ISO 50001, applies the ISO 50001 standard to the company’s facility-level energy management systems (some of 
which are certified individually). Baxter’s energy procurement team also works with our suppliers to source renewable and economical energy for our manufacturing facilities. 
Reductions in GHG emissions help to mitigate risk in this area. This area is rapidly evolving, so to inform our efforts we continually monitor emerging and existing local, state, 
regional, federal and global legal and regulatory requirements relating to climate change, including regulating GHG emissions and related reporting requirements, alternative 
energy policies and sustainability initiatives.
Transition—Reputation
Risk: Increased stakeholder concern regarding Baxter’s GHG emissions 
•	 Time horizon: Short term, medium term, long term
•	 Part of the value chain: Downstream
•	 Impact on business: Decreased revenues due to reduced demand for products and services
•	 Management’s response: Baxter engages with a wide variety of stakeholders to share information about the company’s climate-related programs, policies, goals and performance. 
This engagement includes communications such as our annual Corporate Responsibility Report, SASB Index, CDP Climate and CDP Water submissions, Environmental, Health, 
Safety and Sustainability (EHS&S) Policy and this TCFD Index, among others. This includes detailed information about action plans and initiatives, such as energy-conservation 
projects and renewable energy procurement, that support Baxter’s GHG emissions-reduction goals. Reductions in GHG emissions help to mitigate risks in this area.
From the Chair, 
President and CEO
Company Profile
Corporate Responsibility 
Commitment
2030 Corporate 
Responsibility Goals
Cross-Cutting 
Commitments
Appendix

  38
2023 CORPORATE RESPONSIBILITY REPORT
Appendix: Task Force on Climate-related Financial Disclosures Index (continued)
2. Strategy (continued) 
RECOMMENDED DISCLOSURE
BAXTER DISCLOSURE
a) Describe the climate-related risks and 
opportunities the organization has identified over 
the short, medium, and long term (continued)
Baxter has identified the climate-related opportunities summarized below.
CLIMATE-RELATED OPPORTUNITIES AT BAXTER
Opportunity: Improved resource efficiency
•	 Time horizon: Short term, medium term, long term
•	 Part of the value chain: Direct operations
•	 Impact on business: Reduced operating costs
•	 Management’s response: See the description of Baxter’s Global Energy Program in the “Emerging regulation related to GHG emissions and climate change” risk described  
on the previous page, as well as Achieve Carbon Neutrality for Direct Operations by 2040.
Opportunity: Transitioning to lower­-GHG-emission energy sources 
•	 Time horizon: Short term, medium term, long term
•	 Part of the value chain: Direct operations
•	 Impact on business: Reduced operating costs
•	 Management’s response: Our initiatives to reduce GHG emissions and achieve our carbon neutrality goal include fuel switching (including biomass), cogeneration, alternative 
energy systems, on-site renewable energy systems and renewable electricity procurement. Baxter’s energy procurement team sources renewable and economical energy for our 
manufacturing facilities. Using lower-GHG-emission energy sources helps Baxter reduce exposure to possible fossil fuel price increases and costs related to current and potential 
future carbon regulations. These efforts help to reduce GHG emissions and help meet the rising expectations of customers and other stakeholders, while enhancing Baxter’s 
reputation and potential to be a preferred low-carbon supplier.
Opportunity: Developing innovative new products and services
•	 Time horizon: Short term, medium term, long term
•	 Part of the value chain: Downstream
•	 Impact on business: Increased revenues resulting from higher demand for products and services
•	 Management’s response: Baxter manages these opportunities through the companyʼs four business segments that address long-term business strategies, research and 
development (R&D), customer corporate responsibility expectations and sustainability strategies and priorities. We consistently review our product portfolio and shift our 
investments and other capital allocation decisions to help drive innovation where we have compelling opportunities to serve patients and healthcare professionals where such 
opportunities are aligned with the company’s business objectives. The cost to realize this opportunity is a proportion of R&D expenditures focused on lower-carbon, more 
efficient therapies. See Implement Strategic Materials and Waste Management Plans for more detail.
b) Describe the impact of the climate-related risks 
and opportunities on the organization’s businesses, 
strategy, and financial planning
Baxter’s capital project management process and corporate planning activities take into account climate-related risks and opportunities (as well as ESG more generally).  
This supports a broad and integrated approach in these areas.
Capital governance and stage gate process: To drive standardization, agility and stakeholder collaboration in the capital project management process, Baxter follows a rigorous 
stage gate process for all Integrated Supply Chain capital projects valued above preset thresholds. This involves consistent steps both prior to and following project approval.
The front-end loading (FEL) document is used for all projects entering this process. The FEL document provides business, quality and design basis information, as well as product 
safety requirements, related to the capital appropriation. It also delivers a consensus technical recommendation to the project team and includes project performance criteria and 
identified associated risks. In addition, the report includes information such as project overview, schedule, capital category and cost summary, among other factors.
Climate-related risks and opportunities are integrated into the capital projects evaluation process in multiple ways. For relevant projects, the FEL document captures information 
related to the effects on GHG emissions and how to address related risks and offset possible GHG emissions increases. All capital projects valued above preset thresholds go through 
a peer review process, which includes project team members as well as subject matter experts and key stakeholders from across the organization, including EHS&S. Those projects 
require EHS&S sign-off, and the organization conducts a review that includes the potential impact of those projects on Baxter’s 2030 Corporate Responsibility Goals.
From the Chair, 
President and CEO
Company Profile
Corporate Responsibility 
Commitment
2030 Corporate 
Responsibility Goals
Cross-Cutting 
Commitments
Appendix

  39
2023 CORPORATE RESPONSIBILITY REPORT
Appendix: Task Force on Climate-related Financial Disclosures Index (continued)
2. Strategy (continued) 
RECOMMENDED DISCLOSURE
BAXTER DISCLOSURE
b) Describe the impact of the climate-related risks 
and opportunities on the organization’s businesses, 
strategy, and financial planning (continued)
Corporate planning: Baxter’s ERM process (see section 3.c) is an important input into the company’s annual operating plan (AOP) and long-range plan (LRP). Some of the 
information that is required for the AOP and LRP processes—such as investment requests, mitigation funding, growth hurdles and related solutions—includes references to the 
top risks noted in the ERM. Therefore, if a Baxter segment or global function is the owner of a top risk (including climate-related and other ESG risks), it must provide mitigation 
plans along with its AOP and LRP submissions. ESG projects have a distinct category within our AOP and LRP processes, providing visibility within each business segment and 
across the company. Funding those projects, which supports progress toward our 2030 Corporate Responsibility Goals, is a priority for Baxter.
c) Describe the resilience of the organization’s 
strategy, taking into consideration different climate-
related scenarios, including a 2˚C or lower scenario
The following activities support the resilience of Baxter’s strategy related to climate change. 
Scenario planning and response: Baxter regularly runs exercises across different facilities to assess how they respond to risk scenarios that are outside of their control 
and identify opportunities for learning and improvement. These scenarios cover a broad range of issues—including geopolitical, financial, supply chain, employment and 
environmental, among others—that have the potential to impact our facilities in significant ways. Environmental scenarios may include several risks that are related to climate 
change, such as hurricanes, flooding, fire, tornadoes and drought.
Through this process, participants determine how they would respond to and address the scenario presented to them. This helps us understand the resilience of our strategies 
and processes related to those issues and identify opportunities for improvement that can be applied to all locations as appropriate. Follow-up actions are then determined as 
appropriate for each site, and inform mitigation efforts and business continuity planning.
Baxter also developed our science-based 2030 GHG emissions-reduction goal for direct operations using a well-below 2⁰ Celsius scenario (see section 4.c). 
Crisis response: Baxter’s incident response and management tools help the company prepare for, respond to and recover from extreme weather events and geopolitical crises  
as quickly as possible. This supports employees and key business outcomes, while minimizing downtime.
We have various systems in place to support resilience in advance of and during incidents. To keep informed about the broad range of possible incidents across Baxter 
geographies globally, we subscribe to a third-party, real-time risk-monitoring and feedback tool. 
Some of our approaches are tailored to specific geographies and risks. For example, every year Baxter facilities in the Caribbean region complete hurricane risk preparedness 
checklists. If we determine that a hurricane currently underway could impact a specific facility, that location takes action according to a predefined checklist for that imminent event.
When a crisis occurs, our incident command system provides a standardized way to communicate and fill specific roles at impacted sites. Appropriate regional and global leaders 
receive updates from Global Security as needed based on the severity of the incident and the level of impact on Baxter. To support the response and ongoing information exchange, 
Baxter maintains business continuity plans that provide leaders with the alert management tools and guidance needed to respond to and recover from crises. These incident 
response resources support communication capabilities, incident analysis and key operational actions. The company also provides regular updates to employees, as appropriate, 
regarding climate-related risks to our employees and operations, such as hurricanes, flooding and heat waves. 
Following crisis events, Baxter coordinates and prioritizes resources to help facilities and operations to return to functioning order. We conduct post-incident analysis as an 
integral part of incident management for continuous improvement.
3. Risk Management
RECOMMENDED DISCLOSURE
BAXTER DISCLOSURE
a) Describe the organization’s processes for 
identifying and assessing climate-related risks
Baxter relies on a range of processes and inputs from across the company to identify and assess climate-related risks.
Facility risk analysis: Baxter’s business segments lead a key part of the company’s risk-identification and -assessment processes at each facility. Risks are prioritized by 
classifying facilities as high, medium or low risk to business continuity based on factors that would significantly impact the company’s ability to manufacture and distribute 
products through the supply chain and ultimately deliver products to patients. Site vulnerability to external forces is assessed, including climate-related physical risks (acute 
and chronic risk) and climate-related transition risks (policy and legal, technology, market and reputation risk).
From the Chair, 
President and CEO
Company Profile
Corporate Responsibility 
Commitment
2030 Corporate 
Responsibility Goals
Cross-Cutting 
Commitments
Appendix

  40
2023 CORPORATE RESPONSIBILITY REPORT
Appendix: Task Force on Climate-related Financial Disclosures Index (continued)
3. Risk Management (continued) 
RECOMMENDED DISCLOSURE
BAXTER DISCLOSURE
a) Describe the organization’s processes for 
identifying and assessing climate-related risks 
(continued)
EHS&S risk model: Baxter uses an EHS&S risk model to identify and assess the relative EHS&S risk presented by each Baxter facility, including risks related to climate 
change. To model the relative risk of each facility, the model evaluates the inherent hazards of the operation. These are generally hazards that are basic to the type and 
nature of the facility, including size, complexity, location, type of processes, air emission sources, water discharges, waste generation, safety hazards, industrial hygiene risks 
and similar factors.
The risk model assesses a multitude of factors in three main categories: facility profile (type of operation, location, etc.), environmental factors and health and safety factors. 
Each facility is rated as high, medium or low risk for each factor, and factors are weighted in the model to determine an overall score for each facility. Several factors 
considered in the model relate to climate change, including natural disasters (such as hurricanes, flooding and wildfires), severe weather, water stress, source of water and 
total water used for manufacturing. Baxter uses the model to summarize relative risk by facility and to assess risk categories or specific risk factors across the portfolio.
Outputs from the risk model, in conjunction with other performance indicators, inform Baxter’s decisions about how to most efficiently and effectively allocate resources 
to manage identified risks, including the number and allocation of EHS&S personnel assigned to different regions or facilities, audit schedules, training and other forms of 
compliance assistance.
Environmental management review: As part of Baxter’s ISO 14001 environmental management system certification, the company conducts a management review 
annually that covers progress against environmental objectives and goals; significant environmental aspects and related impacts; how Baxter is addressing challenges; 
analysis of the company’s EHS&S strengths, weaknesses, opportunities and threats; and other related areas. The management review standard requires us (at the 
corporate and facility levels) to consider changes in external and internal issues that are relevant to the environmental management system; the needs and expectations of 
interested parties, including compliance and regulatory obligations; significant environmental aspects; and risks and opportunities, among other factors.
Baxter’s EHS&S risk model, annual property loss/risk management reports and other factors inform site selection and scope for environmental assurance reviews each 
year, as well as the scope of the environmental management system reviews. Energy use, GHG emissions and climate change are an important focus of these reviews, 
alongside other environmental and safety topics and legal and regulatory compliance. The environmental management review process informs the development of 
objectives, goals and plans for the following year and drives continuous improvement.
Water risk assessments: As part of our 2030 water management goal, we undertook a multiyear, comprehensive review of our strategic manufacturing sites to understand 
the local conditions and considerations of each. We considered the physical, regulatory and reputational risks associated with water management at our sites, including 
external boundaries, water accounting, wastewater discharge, compliance obligations and impacts to our current water quality and water supply, among other concerns, as 
we focused on opportunities to improve water efficiency in our operations, protect watersheds and provide access to clean water within local communities.
These assessments enhance our understanding of current and future water availability and threats to water quality near our sites, and how various climate scenarios might 
impact Baxter, including stormwater and groundwater assets, so we can take action as appropriate. They also provide information about threats related to dependency 
(such as well or utility failure), proximity (such as releases from nearby industry), malevolent acts (such as vandalism), natural hazards (such as earthquakes or storms) 
and operational threats (such as aging infrastructure).
See section 4.c and Implement Strategic Water Management Plans for additional detail.
Corporate Responsibility Steering Committee and Corporate Responsibility Council: Baxter’s executive cross-functional Corporate Responsibility Steering Committee 
and Corporate Responsibility Council play key roles in identifying, assessing and communicating climate-related risks across the company (see section 1.b for more detail).
Enterprise risk management: Top risks identified through the site-level processes described above are escalated to the formal ERM process (see section 3.c) that is 
presented to the Chair, President and CEO and the Operating Committee for review, as needed, and to the Board at least once per year.
From the Chair, 
President and CEO
Company Profile
Corporate Responsibility 
Commitment
2030 Corporate 
Responsibility Goals
Cross-Cutting 
Commitments
Appendix

  41
2023 CORPORATE RESPONSIBILITY REPORT
Appendix: Task Force on Climate-related Financial Disclosures Index (continued)
3. Risk Management (continued) 
RECOMMENDED DISCLOSURE
BAXTER DISCLOSURE
b) Describe the organization’s processes for 
managing climate-related risks 
In general, similar to other categories of risk that impact the company, Baxter manages identified climate-related risks in the following ways:
•	 Risk mitigation (e.g., controls such as policies, procedures and targeted projects/initiatives) 
•	 Risk transfer (e.g., insurance purchases) 
•	 Risk acceptance (e.g., risks with low expected impact where no immediate action is required) 
More specifically, Baxter’s approach to addressing climate-related risks includes the following. 
Global facilities: Baxter’s business segments lead systematic risk-based mitigation planning for the company’s facilities, including for risks related to climate change such 
as natural disasters, including hurricanes. Business continuity plans, developed for all facilities based on an assessment of local and other risks, include steps to be taken 
during an event and those needed for recovery, such as employee protection planning and communications planning. These plans are developed by a core team of multiple 
functions/areas including IT, supply chain, security, EHS&S, procurement and manufacturing. Business continuity plans also include plans to make the company more 
resilient when risk cannot be mitigated or eliminated.
Supply chain: For supply chain climate risk management, we analyze our global production capabilities and, when appropriate and feasible, create redundancies to minimize 
the number of sole sources for critical products. Baxter also identifies opportunities for energy projects such as cogeneration and on-site renewable energy that have the 
potential to reduce the company’s reliance on both the local utility grid and fossil fuels and reduce GHG emissions.
See the “Management’s response” information in section 2.a for details about how Baxter manages each of those specific risks.
See the Baxter Climate Action Roadmap, which we published in 2022, for a summary of planned actions to drive progress toward our 2030 and 2040 GHG emissions-reduction goals.
c) Describe how processes for identifying, assessing, 
and managing climate-related risks are integrated 
into the organization’s overall risk management
Baxter integrates identification, assessment and management of climate-related risks into our ERM processes.
The company’s ERM program is designed to identify, assess and prioritize strategic, financial, operational, technological and reputational risks with the potential to have 
sustained impact on the company. In connection with the annual refreshment of the company’s LRP and finalizing the company’s AOP for the coming year, company 
management (including its internal auditors) revisits these risks and identifies top risks for regular monitoring and for the development of related mitigation plans. 
Additionally, an executive-level ERM committee composed of cross-functional leadership meets regularly to evaluate and prioritize risks with further escalation and updates 
to the Chair, President and CEO and the Board as appropriate.
Climate-related risks may be identified through the assessment portion of our ERM activities, which includes rolling interviews with key leaders and voting workshops 
annually with the Operating Committee. Risks are scored and ranked based on the following factors: 
•	 Impact: Potential effects over the next one to two years in the categories of financial, operational, reputation, strategic and legal/regulatory/compliance.
•	 Likelihood: The probability that the impact(s) will occur, ranging from remote to almost certain.
•	 Management preparedness: The ability of management and control activities to mitigate either the likelihood and/or the impact of a risk. 
Mitigation plans are developed for identified risks and summarized in a risk action matrix, which applies both at the site and corporate levels.
See sections 3.a and 3.b (above) for more detail about how climate risk identification, assessment and management are integrated into processes throughout Baxter.
From the Chair, 
President and CEO
Company Profile
Corporate Responsibility 
Commitment
2030 Corporate 
Responsibility Goals
Cross-Cutting 
Commitments
Appendix

  42
2023 CORPORATE RESPONSIBILITY REPORT
Appendix: Task Force on Climate-related Financial Disclosures Index (continued)
4. Metrics & Targets 
RECOMMENDED DISCLOSURE
BAXTER DISCLOSURE
a) Disclose the metrics used by the organization to 
assess climate-related risks and opportunities in line 
with its strategy and risk management process 
b) Disclose Scope 1, Scope 2, and, if appropriate, 
Scope 3 GHG emissions, and the related risks
See Baxter’s Scope 1, Scope 2 and Scope 3 GHG emissions for 2021–2023 in Value Chain Energy Usage and GHG Emissions.
Baxter uses The Greenhouse Gas Protocol: A Corporate Accounting and Reporting Standard (revised edition) and The Greenhouse Gas Protocol: Corporate Value Chain 
(Scope 3) Standard to calculate emissions. See detailed information about our calculation methodologies for GHG emissions.
Apex Companies, LLC (Apex) verified to a reasonable level Baxter’s Scope 1 and Scope 2 GHG emissions for 2020–2022. Apex also verified to a limited level Baxter’s 
methodology for determining Scope 3 GHG emissions for 2020–2022. See the verification statements (2020, 2021, 2022).
LRQA verified to a reasonable level Baxter’s Scope 1 and Scope 2 GHG emissions for 2023. LRQA also verified to a limited level Baxter’s methodology for determining Scope 3 
GHG emissions for 2023. See the assurance statement.
See the “Transition—Policy and legal” and “Transition—Reputation” risks in section 2.a for detail about risks related to Baxter’s GHG emissions.
c) Describe the targets used by the organization to 
manage climate-related risks and opportunities and 
performance against targets
Baxter’s GHG emissions goal is to achieve carbon neutrality for our direct operations by 2040 and reduce absolute Scope 1 and 2 GHG emissions 25% by 2030, aligned with 
a well-below 2⁰ Celsius science-based target (base year 2020). See progress in 2023.
Our water management goal is to implement strategic water management plans at prioritized manufacturing locations by 2030.1 See progress in 2023.
Baxter is working to drive a more sustainable supply chain, including related to climate change. Our sustainable procurement goal is to integrate Baxter’s sustainable 
procurement strategy across 90% of our supplier spend.2 See progress in 2023.
•	 Scope 1, 2 and 3 GHG emissions (see section 4.b, below)
•	 GHG emissions from Baxter operations (in absolute terms, per million dollars  
of sales)
•	 Baxter global GHG emissions footprint (including multiple Scope 3 categories)
•	 Energy usage from Baxter operations (in absolute terms, per million dollars  
of sales)
•	 Energy costs
•	 Renewable energy usage
•	 Electricity purchased from 100% renewable power
•	 Lean Energy Program performance
•	 Energy assessments completed
•	 Energy-conservation projects completed, estimated reductions in energy  
and cost, and estimated GHG emissions avoided
•	 Worldwide GHG emissions from product transport (by mode and by region)
•	 Value chain energy usage and GHG emissions (includes numerous metrics)
•	 Facilities with ISO 14001, ISO 45001, ISO 50001 and green building certifications
•	 Renewable and alternative energy (detailed breakdown by site)
•	 Water usage by region
•	 Water usage by availability (level of water stress)
•	 Wastewater flow
See detailed performance data for these metrics in the Appendix.
Performance assessment and compensation metrics: 
•	 The individual performance assessment under the 2023 Annual Incentive Plan for Baxter’s Operating Committee was determined in connection with an assessment of 
Baxter’s performance against preestablished measures for strategic priorities, including those related to ESG.
•	 Baxter’s Chair, President and CEO and members of the Operating Committee receive bonuses that are a percentage of their salary, measured according to the company’s 
performance against preestablished measures and targets for strategic priorities, including those related to ESG.
Baxter uses numerous metrics to measure performance and drive ongoing improvement in regard to climate-related risks and opportunities. 
GHG emissions, energy and water metrics:
From the Chair, 
President and CEO
Company Profile
Corporate Responsibility 
Commitment
2030 Corporate 
Responsibility Goals
Cross-Cutting 
Commitments
Appendix

  43
2023 CORPORATE RESPONSIBILITY REPORT
CORPORATE RESPONSIBILITY COMMITMENT
1	 Our approach to the disclosures included in this report differs from our approach to the disclosures we include in other reports, including our filings with the 
SEC. For example, in this report, we are not using the terms “material” and “materiality” as defined for the purposes of financial and SEC reporting in the 
United States. Instead, the terms refer to environmental, social and economic topics that may be significant to our stakeholders and to the company, which we 
use to inform our corporate responsibility strategy, priorities and goals, and reporting. The topics in the Materiality Assessment Findings table in the Appendix 
are listed in alphabetical order, grouped by Priority ESG Topics and Other Material ESG Topics. The listing within each category does not reflect the presumed 
importance or “materiality” of any particular topic to Baxter or our stakeholders.
2	 Ditto.
2030 CORPORATE RESPONSIBILITY GOALS
Reach More Underserved Kidney Patients
1	 Available in 32 languages and 40 countries.
2	 As of Dec. 31, 2023, there were a total of 53 PD Ambassadors, with 41 representing developing countries. Of the 30 countries with PD Ambassadors, 27 were 
developing countries.
Consistently Improve Manufacturing Capabilities
3	 Parametric release helps demonstrate that our sterile products maintain high quality standards throughout the entire manufacturing process. We use this 
program to get products to patients faster while assuring the highest quality.
Achieve Carbon Neutrality for Direct Operations by 2040
4	 Baxter’s carbon-reduction plan covers all Baxter sites, including all legacy Hillrom sites, which are now part of the Baxter Healthcare Systems & Technologies 
business segment.
5	 Scope 1 emissions are direct GHG emissions from sources we own or control, such as on-site fuel combustion. Scope 2 emissions are indirect GHG emissions 
associated with purchased electricity and energy for owned/controlled facilities. The market-based method is used for Scope 2 unless otherwise stated. 
6	 This includes energy consumed by Baxter-operated facilities; it excludes energy related to company-operated vehicles.
7	 Estimated energy and financial savings and GHG emissions reduction are calculated for the 12 months following project implementation. Energy reduction is 
calculated excluding the impact of new cogeneration installations.
8	 Excludes energy consumption associated with Baxter-operated mobile sources. In 2023, biomass fuel for boilers at two of our locations (one in the United 
States and one in Italy) accounted for 10.5%, and the renewable energy component of our purchased electricity and renewable energy certificates together 
represented 22.2%. Additionally, on-site geothermal, solar photovoltaic and solar hot water systems made a small contribution. During the year, emissions 
from the Baxter-operated biomass boilers equaled 119,000 metric tons CO2. In accordance with the GHG Protocol, these are not included in reported Scope 1 and 
Scope 2 emissions. However, also in accordance with the GHG Protocol, we include CO2e emissions from the CH4 and N2O components of biomass combustion 
in our reported Scope 1 emissions.
9	 Estimated energy savings and GHG emissions avoidance are calculated for the 12 months following project implementation.
10	 Baxter’s Scope 3 emissions relate to activities within the company’s value chain, but outside of our direct control. These emissions are based on various 
assumptions and estimates and are verified by a third party to a limited assurance level (see assurance statement). See Baxter Value Chain Energy Usage and 
GHG Emissions for detail.
Implement Strategic Water Management Plans
11	One cubic meter equals 1,000 liters or 264 gallons. 
12	The World Resources Institute water tool defines baseline water stress as total annual water withdrawals (municipal, industrial and agricultural) expressed 
as a percentage of total annual available flow. Higher values indicate more competition among users.
	 Low: Less than 10% of the water available to agricultural, domestic and industrial users is withdrawn annually.
	 Low-Med: Between 10% and 20% of the water available to agricultural, domestic and industrial users is withdrawn annually.
	 Med-High: Between 20% and 40% of the water available to agricultural, domestic and industrial users is withdrawn annually.
	 High: Between 40% and 80% of the water available to agricultural, domestic and industrial users is withdrawn annually.
	 Extremely High: More than 80% of the water available to agricultural, domestic and industrial users is withdrawn annually.
Advance Sustainable Procurement
13	 Applicable suppliers are those that have a Data Universal Numbering System (DUNS) number and with which we have historical spend.
Implement Strategic Materials and Waste Management Plans
14	 Baxter data on file, 2023.  
15	 The savings described for the project are calculated on an annualized basis (12 months from each project completion date), though savings should continue 
beyond one year.
16	 Baxter policies require facilities to dispose of all hazardous or other regulated waste at disposal sites that Baxter has inspected or from which the company 
has otherwise received sufficient assurance of acceptable performance. Regulated waste is waste for which regulations require a special manner of disposal, 
including hazardous waste.
2030 CORPORATE RESPONSIBILITY GOALS (CONTINUED) 
Invest in Underserved Communities Globally
17	 Baxter donates a broad portfolio of medical products, supplies and therapies for acute and chronic conditions. Recipient nonprofit partners determine 
the reported value of Baxter-donated products at wholesale value or fair market value, depending on the product and country of origin. 
18	 Baxterʼs Global Interactions Policy provides guidance for corporate charitable giving to help promote compliance with applicable law and with Baxter policy. 
We have local Contributions Management Committees in select countries, clusters of countries or regions. Where they exist, those local committees have 
decision-making authority, in accordance with the Global Interactions Policy, for contribution requests from educational institutions, not-for-profit or charitable 
healthcare organizations and patient organizations. The Baxter International Foundation, the philanthropic arm of Baxter International Inc., is a separate legal 
entity governed by its own board of directors and distinct grantmaking guidelines that govern its charitable contributions to nonprofit organizations.
Achieve Top Quartile Workplace Safety Performance
19	 High-frequency injuries that Baxter is targeting to reduce in the near term include ergonomics and slips/trips/falls.
20	Work-related injuries or illnesses requiring medical attention beyond first aid, including cases with days lost. All rates based on 100 full-time employees 
working one year, which equals 200,000 work hours. For tracking purposes, Baxter follows U.S. Occupational Safety and Health Administration 
recordkeeping requirements worldwide. Thus, in cases where an injury occurs and conflicting medical opinions arise as to the number of days away and/
or restricted days that should be recorded, we record on the basis of the most authoritative physician’s opinion. We include occupational diseases and 
illnesses, such as hearing loss and ergonomic disorders. Due to privacy regulations in the Europe, Middle East and Africa region, we do not classify or 
report injuries by gender. Supervised contracted employees are included in the injury statistics reported and are not tracked separately. Independent 
contractors are not included in Baxter’s injury data, because they are supervised by other organizations.
21	Major incidents are defined as those that result in death of a Baxter employee, contractor or visitor associated with work being performed at a Baxter 
facility, or are directly caused by visiting a Baxter facility, or associated with work or travel activities while a Baxter employee is away on company 
business. Severe incidents are defined as those that result in amputations, debilitating injuries that result in permanent loss of use of a body part or 
other disease to the human body, severe burns, severe fractures (overnight hospitalization or surgery, major leg or arm bones, multiple fractures to 
hand or foot, fracture of skull), as well as reportable exposure events. Recordable and lost time incidents which result in hospitalization with medical 
treatment are also classified as severe incidents, regardless of injury type.
Increase Representation of Women and Ethnic Minorities in Leadership Roles
22	 “Ethnic minorities,” within the context of our 2030 goal, refers to the United States Equal Employment Opportunity (EEO) Commission Categories, which 
include Hispanic or Latino, Black or African American, Native Hawaiian or Other Pacific Islander, Asian, American Indian or Alaska Native, and Two or 
More Races.
23	Our 2030 goals related to increasing the representation of women and ethnic minorities in leadership roles are based on assumptions about labor 
market conditions. “Labor market conditions” refers to the availability of talent in the marketplace in the communities where we operate and serve, and 
specifically looks at census data, as well as our internal pipeline. These labor market conditions can change over time so we will continue to monitor 
and adjust our goals as needed.
CROSS-CUTTING COMMITMENTS
Ethics and Compliance 
1	 Related policies address conflicts of interest; corporate opportunities; confidentiality; data privacy; proper use of company assets; maintaining accurate 
business records; compliance with laws, rules and regulations; and reporting of any illegal or unethical behavior, among other items. 
2	 The scope of these audits of distributors includes fulfillment of due diligence and contract requirements, services obtained from distributors and 
payments made to them, as well as the adequacy and accuracy of distributorsʼ books and records in the context of their business with Baxter, among 
other areas.
3	 In 2023, these included Brazil, Ecuador, Japan, Malaysia, Mexico, Saudi Arabia, Taiwan and the UK. 
Privacy and Data Protection 
4	 Training is provided to employees with a Baxter email address. Employees without a Baxter email address, such as those in manufacturing, do not 
participate.
Diversity, Equity and Inclusion 
5	 “Economic output” includes revenues earned by suppliers and businesses in the company’s supply chain and their communities. 
MATERIALITY ASSESSMENT FINDINGS
1	 Our approach to the disclosures included in this report differs from our approach to the disclosures we include in other reports, including our filings 
with the SEC. For example, in this report, we are not using the terms “material” and “materiality” as defined for the purposes of financial and SEC 
reporting in the United States. Instead, the terms refer to environmental, social and economic topics that may be significant to our stakeholders and 
to the company, which we use to inform our corporate responsibility strategy, priorities and goals, and reporting. The topics in this table are listed 
in alphabetical order, grouped by Priority ESG Topics and Other Material ESG Topics. The listing within each category does not reflect the presumed 
importance or “materiality” of any particular topic to Baxter or our stakeholders.
Appendix: Endnotes
From the Chair, 
President and CEO
Company Profile
Corporate Responsibility 
Commitment
2030 Corporate 
Responsibility Goals
Cross-Cutting 
Commitments
Appendix

  44
2023 CORPORATE RESPONSIBILITY REPORT
Appendix: Endnotes (continued)
DATA SUMMARY
1	 Some metrics in this Data Summary relate to the companyʼs 2030 Corporate Responsibility Goals. Other metrics relate to other ESG topics.
2	 Data in this section for 2021, 2022 and 2023 excludes Baxter’s BioPharma Solutions business, which was divested at the end of the third quarter of 2023. 
Data for 2021 and 2022 is updated from data reported in prior-year Baxter Corporate Responsibility Reports, as relevant. 
3	 Data in this section for 2021 and 2022 includes Baxter’s BioPharma Solutions business, which was divested at the end of the third quarter of 2023. Data for 
2023 excludes BioPharma Solutions. 
4	 Differences compared with data on FDA websites may be due to timeframe (the date Baxter takes an action may differ from the date FDA classifies that 
action), definition of “recall” (FDA data includes actions taken even if the product is not removed or corrected) or classification by product group vs. product 
code (FDA counts each impacted product code within a product family as a distinct recall).
5	 Product Recall Rate is defined as the number of unique product codes corrected or removed from the market per total Baxter-owned unique product codes 
sold globally.
6	 As of 2023, Baxter had 71 FDA-registered establishments available for inspection.
7	 Data in this section for 2021, 2022 and 2023 excludes Baxter’s BioPharma Solutions business, which was divested at the end of the third quarter of 2023. 
Data for 2021 and 2022 is updated from data reported in prior-year Baxter Corporate Responsibility Reports, as relevant. Exceptions include: Lean Energy 
Program Performance, Manufacturing Facilities Meeting ISO 50001 Requirements and Energy Assessments Completed include data from Baxter’s 
BioPharma Solutions business for 2021 and 2022; Worldwide GHG Emissions from Product Transport, by Mode and Worldwide GHG Emissions from Product 
Transport, by Region include data from Baxter’s BioPharma Solutions business for all years noted.
8	 The regional breakdown of the data included in this section reflects the structure of the Environmental, Health, Safety and Sustainability (EHS&S) 
organization and the categorization of data in the EHS&S global information management system through 2023. Some data for 2021 and 2022 is updated 
from data reported in the Baxter 2022 Corporate Responsibility Report to improve accuracy, and in the case of greenhouse gas (GHG) emissions, to reflect 
updated GHG-emission factors. Some totals may vary from the sum of items in the category, due to rounding.
9	 Excludes energy consumption associated with Baxter-operated mobile sources and renewable electricity generated on-site.
10	 2022 and 2023 data for this metric reflects the integration of the Hillrom business, which Baxter acquired in December 2021. Data for 2021 is not included, 
due to lack of comparability.
11	 Excludes energy consumption associated with Baxter-operated mobile sources.
12	 2021 and 2022 data excludes legacy Hillrom sites.
13	 In 2021, we were unable to perform on-site energy assessments due to COVID-19-related travel restrictions.
14	 In some cases, segments may not add up to 100% due to rounding. Data may differ slightly from the totals stated in the Baxter Operations Total line of the 
Value Chain Energy Usage and GHG Emissions table due to rounding.
15	 Number includes Scope 3 emissions plus Scope 1 emissions for product transport. Some totals may vary from the sum of items in the category, due to rounding.
16	 “Water usage” aligns with the definition of “water withdrawal” in GRI 303: Water and Effluents 2018: “Sum of all water drawn from surface water, 
groundwater, seawater, or a third party for any use over the course of the reporting period.”
17	 Water usage from Baxter’s 59 manufacturing sites with the most significant water usage, representing 95% of the company’s total annual water usage. The 
World Resources Institute water tool defines baseline water stress as the total annual water withdrawals (municipal, industrial and agricultural) expressed 
as a percentage of the total annual available flow. Higher values indicate more competition among users.
Low: Less than 10% of the water available to agricultural, domestic and industrial users is withdrawn annually.
Low-Med: Between 10% and 20% of the water available to agricultural, domestic and industrial users is withdrawn annually.
Med-High: Between 20% and 40% of the water available to agricultural, domestic and industrial users is withdrawn annually.
High: Between 40% and 80% of the water available to agricultural, domestic and industrial users is withdrawn annually.
Extremely High: More than 80% of the water available to agricultural, domestic and industrial users is withdrawn annually.
18	 Estimated total water pollutant levels for treated wastewater discharged directly into waterways, for the six Baxter sites that have direct discharges. BOD5 
refers to five-day biological oxygen demand; COD refers to chemical oxygen demand; TSS refers to total suspended solids. When actual performance data 
was not available, estimates are based on performance at similar facilities or on other measured performance indicators.
19	 Data in this section for 2021, 2022 and 2023 includes Baxter’s BioPharma Solutions business, which was divested at the end of the third quarter of 2023. 
20	 2021 data is Oct. 1, 2020 through Sept. 30, 2021. 2022 and 2023 data is calendar year. 2022 data is updated from data reported in the Baxter 2022 Corporate 
Responsibility Report to align with calendar year.
21	 Excludes waste associated with U.S. Renal Home Care operations, since patients dispose of unused product rather than returning it to Baxter for 
disposal. Also excludes construction and demolition debris, remediation waste, wastewater treatment sludge and discarded manufacturing- and 
process-related machinery or equipment. Removing these waste categories from the company total allows for more consistent evaluation of facility 
performance and trends over time.
22	 Excludes production by-products reused on-site, construction and demolition debris, wastewater treatment and discarded manufacturing- and process-related 
machinery or equipment. Includes discarded/returned products (such as intravenous solution, dextrose solution, etc.) that are nonhazardous in nature 
but may be classified as regulated in some countries. Excludes waste associated with U.S. Renal Home Care operations, since patients dispose of unused 
product rather than returning it to Baxter for disposal.
DATA SUMMARY (CONTINUED)
23	 Includes recycling and incineration with energy recovery.
24	 Excludes waste recycled on-site, remediation waste, construction and demolition debris and wastewater treatment sludge. Includes certain waste streams 
(such as waste oils, batteries, fluorescent lamps, light ballasts and asbestos) not classified as regulated in some locations.
25	 In compliance with the EU Waste Electrical and Electronic Equipment (WEEE) Directive. Data excludes Hillrom.
26	 During 2021, PVC Collected for Recycling and Aluminum Bottles Recycled data for Australia also includes New Zealand. In Australia and New Zealand, 
Baxterʼs Home Patients PD Recycling Program was suspended in some locations during 2020 due to COVID-19, and reinstated during 2022. Some other 
data in this section is not available for 2021 due to different presentation in past reports.
27	 Values correspond to the U.S. Environmental Protection Agency Toxics Release Inventory (TRI) Program data reported for 2021 and 2022. Data includes 
eight facilities in the continental United States and Puerto Rico only. Data for 2023 is not available as of report publication date.
28	 Includes air emissions associated with on-site energy generation. Emission factors from the U.S. Environmental Protection Agency publication 
“Compilation of Air Pollutant Emission Factors,” AP-42, Fifth Edition, Volume 1: “Stationary Point and Area Sources.”
29	 For the purpose of this calculation, manufacturing includes pharmaceutical locations, and our sites in Sondalo and Grosotto, Italy, and Castlebar and 
Swinford, Ireland, are counted separately. Outside of manufacturing locations, the balance of 17 ISO-certified sites consists of compounding (six), offices 
(five), and planning and fulfillment (six).
30	 “Professional” includes individual contributors.
31	 “Other” includes American Indian/Alaska Native, Native Hawaiian/Other Pacific Islander and two or more races.
32	 Calculation methodology for 2023 updated to align the top-level data with the ethnic representation breakdown by Vice President and Above, Director, 
Manager and Professional in the right column.
33	 In some cases, segments may not add up to total due to rounding. 
34	 Includes product donations as well as Patient Assistance Programs. Variations in Baxter’s annual product donations are due to fluctuations in community 
needs, the need and volume of disaster relief response, the regulatory environment, product availability, manufacturing processes and changes in product 
mix and marketing. We identify opportunities to donate and respond to community and humanitarian aid partner requests as appropriate. Value of products 
donated (provided at no cost) is provided by partners based on wholesale acquisition cost at the time of donation. This number may be greater or less than 
the value of Baxter products distributed during the year by our relief partners. See Invest in Underserved Communities Globally.
35	 Contributions to U.S.-based 501(c)(3) organizations for programs within and outside of the United States.
36	 Based on hourly rates of $29.95 per volunteer hour for 2021, $31.80 per volunteer hour for 2022 and $33.49 per volunteer hour for 2023, as published by 
Independent Sector. Volunteer hours are self-reported by Baxter employees.  
37	 The regional breakdown of the data included in this section reflects the structure of the EHS&S organization and the categorization of data in the EHS&S 
global information management system through 2023. 
38	 Work-related injuries or illnesses requiring medical attention beyond first aid, including cases with days lost. All rates based on 100 full-time employees 
working one year, which equals 200,000 work hours. For tracking purposes, Baxter follows U.S. Occupational Safety and Health Administration 
recordkeeping requirements worldwide. Thus, in cases where an injury occurs and conflicting medical opinions arise as to the number of days away and/
or restricted days that should be recorded, we record on the basis of the most authoritative physician’s opinion. We include occupational diseases and 
illnesses, such as hearing loss and ergonomic disorders. Due to privacy regulations in the Europe, Middle East and Africa region, we do not classify or 
report injuries by gender. Supervised contracted employees are included in the injury statistics reported in this table and are not tracked separately. 
Independent contractors are not included in Baxter’s injury data, because they are supervised by other organizations. 2021 and 2022 data includes COVID-19 
cases. Public health guidance varies around the world concerning isolation and quarantine days for COVID-19. Probable work-related COVID-19 cases 
average 10 days lost per CDC guidance and account for days away from work due to the illness.
39	 Work-related injuries or illnesses that cause an employee to lose at least one full day after the date of the incident.
40	 The number of days lost (including weekends and holidays) recommended by the most authoritative physician’s opinion due to work-related injuries or 
illnesses. We do not count the date of injury and date of return to full duty as lost days.
41	 The number of days recommended by the most authoritative physician’s opinion that an employee or supervised contractor is unable to work full duty 
(including weekends and holidays) due to a work-related injury or illness. We do not count the date of injury and date of return to full duty as restricted days.
42	 Baxterʼs historical DART rate calculation combines the number of days lost, days restricted and days transferred, as a measure of severity.
43	 Each year, profiles untouched for the previous three years are removed from the active database.
44	 This data refers to facilities with 25 or more employees, in locations where smoke-free status is allowed by law.
45	 Data includes vaccinations given September of the year noted through January of the following year, aligned with the typical flu season for North America.
46	 Data in this section for 2021 and 2022 includes Baxter’s BioPharma Solutions business, which was divested at the end of the third quarter of 2023. Data 
for Board of Directors Diversity and Best Place to Work Survey for 2023 excludes BioPharma Solutions. Data for 2023 for Supplier Diversity and Economic 
Impact of Spending with Diverse Suppliers includes BioPharma Solutions. 
47	 2021 data is as of June 27, 2022. 2022 data is as of June 23, 2023. 2023 data is as of March 7, 2024.
48	 Scores indicate the percentage of survey participants who responded favorably to statements related to each of the items listed. Data for 2022 reflects the 
acquisition of Hillrom. Baxter did not administer a Best Place to Work survey in 2023 due to large-scale organizational changes. 
From the Chair, 
President and CEO
Company Profile
Corporate Responsibility 
Commitment
2030 Corporate 
Responsibility Goals
Cross-Cutting 
Commitments
Appendix

  45
2023 CORPORATE RESPONSIBILITY REPORT
Appendix: Endnotes (continued)
DATA SUMMARY (CONTINUED)
49	 New item on Best Place to Work survey in 2022, included in the overall Inclusion index.
50	 United States and Puerto Rico. Data is calendar year. Accounts payable data is sent to a third party, which categorizes spending. HUBZone is a U.S. 
Small Business Administration program for small companies that operate and employ people in historically underutilized business zones. Spending 
with suppliers that qualify for more than one category may be included in the totals for each of the relevant categories. Spend with Small Disadvantaged 
Businesses data for 2022 is updated from data reported in the Baxter 2022 Corporate Responsibility Report, for accuracy. 
51	 United States and Puerto Rico. Data is calendar year. “Economic output” includes revenues earned by suppliers and businesses in the company’s 
supply chain and their communities. “Indirect” includes impacts at the businesses from which suppliers (and their suppliers) purchase goods and 
services. “Induced” includes impacts generated in the communities of the suppliers’ employees associated with purchases made by these employees 
and jobs supported through those purchases. Data for 2022 is updated from data reported in the Baxter 2022 Corporate Responsibility Report, to 
include Puerto Rico. Estimated Indirect and Induced data for 2021 and 2022 is updated from data reported in the Baxter 2022 Corporate Responsibility 
Report, for accuracy.
52	 “Technical/Clerical” includes employees in operational and administrative/clerical roles.
53	 Scores indicate the percentage of survey participants who responded favorably to statements related to each of the categories listed. Baxter did not 
administer a Best Place to Work survey in 2023 due to large-scale organizational changes. Engagement and Inclusion questions were added to the 2023 
Manager Effectiveness survey administered in November 2023. 
54	 This data includes training hours for employees and contractors. It does not represent all employee and contractor training and development but does 
capture a large portion of training for most employees and contractors.
VALUE CHAIN ENERGY USAGE AND GHG EMISSIONS
1	 Baxter used the World Resources Institute and World Business Council for Sustainable Development The Greenhouse Gas Protocol (GHG Protocol) 
to calculate emissions data from fossil fuel use. We used country electricity emission factors published by the International Energy Agency and the 
Association of Issuing Bodies (for residual mixes), and the U.S. Environmental Protection Agency (EPA) E-Grid U.S. and Canada National Inventory Report 
regional electricity emission factors to calculate GHG emissions related to electricity consumption.
2	 LRQA verified to a reasonable level Baxter’s Scope 1 and Scope 2 GHG emissions. LRQA also verified to a limited level Baxter’s Scope 3 GHG emissions.
3	 Baxter Operations data for 2021, 2022 and 2023 excludes Baxter’s BioPharma Solutions business, which was divested at the end of the third quarter of 
2023. Some data for 2021 and 2022 is updated from data reported in prior-year Baxter Corporate Responsibility Reports for accuracy and to reflect updated 
GHG emission factors.
4	 We used the GHG Protocol: A Corporate Accounting and Reporting Standard, Revised Edition to determine GHG emissions associated with using biomass 
fuel, principally wood/wood waste, as a boiler fuel at two Baxter locations. These emissions were calculated as 123,000, 111,000 and 119,000 metric tons CO2 
in 2021, 2022 and 2023, respectively. CO2e emissions from CH4 and N2O components of biomass combustion are included in reported Scope 1 emissions.
5	 Baxter used the GHG Protocol to calculate GHG emissions associated with reported fuel usage by company-managed sales and distribution fleet vehicles 
and other vehicles. We estimated fuel usage for some international sales vehicles based on regional sales information.
6	 Refrigerant emissions represent reported HFC and other refrigerant losses by each Baxter location. We calculated associated GHG emissions using 
emission factors for each reported refrigerant. 
7	 Includes the purchase of electricity generated from 100% certified renewable electricity (Belgium, Brazil, France, Germany, India, Ireland, Italy, Mexico, 
Spain, Sweden, Switzerland, UK and United States).
8	 For 2021, 2022 and 2023, Scope 3 categories 1, 4, 6 and 7 include Baxterʼs BioPharma Solutions business, which was divested at the end of the third 
quarter of 2023. Scope 3 categories 9, 11 and 12 include BioPharma Solutions for 2021 and 2022 and exclude BioPharma Solutions for 2023. Scope 3 
categories 2, 3 and 5 exclude BioPharma Solutions for 2021, 2022 and 2023. Scope 3 categories 8, 10, 13, 14 and 15 are not applicable to Baxter. Emissions 
associated with category 8 (upstream leased assets) are included in Baxterʼs Scope 1 and 2 emissions. Category 10 is no longer relevant since Baxterʼs 
BioPharma Solutions business was divested at the end of the third quarter of 2023. Baxter does not have significant downstream leased assets (category 
13), franchises (category 14) or significant investments (category 15). Some data for 2021 and 2022 is updated from data reported in prior-year Baxter 
Corporate Responsibility Reports for accuracy and to reflect updated GHG emission factors. 
9	 Estimated based on global expenditures by category and emission factors from Conversion factors kgCO2 per £ spent, by SIC code 2020, UK Government 
Department for Environment, Food & Rural Affairs (Defra), 2012.  
10	Estimated based on capital expenditures and the machinery and equipment emission factor from Conversion factors kgCO2 per £ spent, by SIC code 2020, 
Defra, 2012.
11	Estimated based on Baxter’s actual yearly energy usage by energy type and GHG emission factors for each energy type per GaBi life cycle assessment 
software. 
12	Estimated based on shipment of products to our customers using EcoTransIT World software, which is compliant with the GHG Protocol and the Global 
Logistics Emissions Council Framework.
13	Estimated emissions for wastewater treatment by municipalities and off-site waste recycling and disposal based on Baxter’s waste generation by type, 
UK Government GHG Conversion Factors for Company Reporting and the U.S. EPA GHG Emission Factors Hub.
14	Estimated emissions from air travel, rental vehicles and hotel room stays provided by Baxter’s global travel providers. Also includes emissions from 
personal vehicle mileage. Emission factors from UK Government GHG Conversion Factors for Company Reporting and U.S. EPA.
VALUE CHAIN ENERGY USAGE AND GHG EMISSIONS (CONTINUED)
15	Estimated based on the number of Baxter employees by country and statistics on commuting time and transport mode split into public transport, 
passenger cars, taxi and motorcycle, and walking or bicycling. Emission factors for each mode were obtained from Defra. 
16	Estimated based on previous Baxter product LCAs as well as the company’s revenue by product type. Category 1 emissions were extrapolated to other 
categories depending on the product type.
17	Estimated based on previous Baxter product LCAs as well as the company’s revenue by product type. Category 1 emissions were extrapolated to 
other categories depending on the product type. Data for 2021 and 2022 is updated from data reported in prior-year Baxter Corporate Responsibility 
Reports to reflect changes in the calculation methodology. Specifically, we have removed the following gases from the Use of Sold Products 
category, and have instead disclosed them separately: HFE-236ea2, CHF2OCHFCF3 (Desflurane); HCFE-235da2, CHF2OCHClCF3 (Isoflurane); and 
HFE-347mmz1, (CF3)2CHOCH2F (Sevoflurane). This is consistent with The Greenhouse Gas Protocol: A Corporate Accounting and Reporting Standard 
(revised edition), The Greenhouse Gas Protocol: Corporate Value Chain (Scope 3) Standard and The Greenhouse Gas Protocol Accounting and 
Reporting Standard Amendment. In 2023, the estimated emissions of these optionally reported gases were 1,455,000 metric tons CO2e.
18	Totals do not include CO2 emissions from Baxter-owned wood-fired boilers. See endnote 4 to the left for detail.
FACILITIES WITH ISO 14001, ISO 45001, ISO 50001 AND GREEN BUILDING CERTIFICATIONS
1	 As of Dec. 31, 2023. 
2	 Data excludes Baxter’s BioPharma Solutions business, which was divested at the end of the third quarter of 2023.
3	 Facilities transitioned to ISO 45001 from OHSAS 18001.
4	 The building with green certification noted is one of several buildings at the designated location.
5	 The building with green certification is an extension of an existing building at the designated location.
SUSTAINABILITY ACCOUNTING STANDARDS BOARD INDEX
1	 Approximately 98% of recalled or corrected units related to an equipment failure in one specific product.
2	 Differences compared with data on FDA websites may be due to timeframe (the date Baxter takes an action may differ from the date FDA classifies 
that action), definition of “recall” (FDA data includes actions taken even if the product is not removed or corrected) or classification by product group 
vs. product code (FDA counts each impacted product code within a product family as a distinct recall).  
3	 Conformité Européenne (CE) marking appears on products traded on the extended single market in the European Economic Area (EEA).
TASK FORCE ON CLIMATE-RELATED FINANCIAL DISCLOSURES INDEX
1	 Identify prioritized locations using a risk-based approach by the end of 2023.
2	 As measured by supplier commitment to Baxter’s Ethics & Compliance Standards and Baxter’s completion of corporate responsibility audits within 
our supply base.
From the Chair, 
President and CEO
Company Profile
Corporate Responsibility 
Commitment
2030 Corporate 
Responsibility Goals
Cross-Cutting 
Commitments
Appendix

© Baxter International Inc., 2024. All rights reserved.
References in this report to Baxter are intended to refer collectively to Baxter International Inc. and its U.S. and international subsidiaries.
Baxter, BardyDx, BeWell@Baxter, Dose IQ, Epiphany, Hillrom, My Kidney Journey, Novum IQ, PrisMax, RetinaVue, Sharesource, SIGMA 
Spectrum, Spectrum IQ and Tissue Guard are trademarks of Baxter International Inc. or its subsidiaries.
Apex is a trademark of Apex Companies, LLC.
LRQA is a trademark of LRQA Group Limited.
Any other trademarks, product names or brand images appearing herein are the property of their respective owners. 
PHOTO:
Ahlam Ayat from Assiut, 
Egypt, using the safe and 
clean water connection 
that was recently 
installed in her house.
CREDIT: 
UNICEF Egypt 
Baxter International Inc.
One Baxter Parkway
Deerfield, Illinois 60015-4625
USA
www.baxter.com
Select Recognition Highlights (as of June 2024)
RECOGNITION
Baxter is proud to be recognized by numerous organizations and 
publications globally. These examples of our recent accomplishments 
highlight Baxter as a socially and environmentally responsible 
business. In addition, the company receives many regional and 
country-specific recognitions around the globe that are not listed here.
•	 Climate Change, Score B  CDP
•	 Water Security, Score B  CDP
•	 FTSE4GOOD Index Series  FTSE Russell
•	 America’s Most JUST Companies  JUST Capital
•	 Dow Jones Sustainability Index (DJSI) North America  S&P Global
•	 Management Top 250  The Wall Street Journal

