BBVA GROUP
2024
Annual Report

Annual Report 2024 
Contents
I. Letters from the Chair and the CEO
II. Consolidated Management Report
BBVA in brief
Consolidated Non-financial Information Statement
Financial information
Risk management
Alternative Performance Measures (APMs)
Subsequent events
BBVA Annual Corporate Governance Report
Annual Report on the Remuneration of BBVA Directors
Legal disclaimer
Appendix: Independent Assurance Report on the NFIS
III.Consolidated Financial Statements and Audit Report
Consolidated Financial Statements
Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
Appendices
Glossary
Legal disclaimer
Audit Report

I. 
BBVA GROUP ANNUAL REPORT  2024
Letters from
the Chair 
and the CEO

Estimadas/os accionistas,
C A R L O S  T O R R E S  V I L A
Dear Shareholders,
Letter from 
the Chair
2024 was a great year for BBVA, a year in which we once again stood 
out among European banks for our ability to combine growth and 
profitability. This strength has a positive impact on our shareholders, 
customers, employees and society as a whole. 
Last year, we obtained our best results in history, with a net attributable 
profit of €10.05 billion, up 25 percent from 2023. Our return on tangible 
equity (ROTE) reached 20 percent, making us one of the most profitable 
banks in Europe. Furthermore, our tangible book value per share plus 
dividends paid, increased an average of 18 percent per year over the past 
three years.  
V I E W  V I D E O
€10.05Bn
NET ATTRIBUTABLE PROFIT

These robust results allow us to continue reinvesting in our business and to 
maintain attractive distributions to our shareholders. Against 2024 results, 
we will distribute over half of our profit, more than five billion euros, 
including dividends and share buybacks. At the Annual General Meeting 
we will hold on March 21st, we will propose a €0.41 cash dividend per 
share which, together with the €0.29 paid in October, will raise the cash 
dividend per share to €0.70, a 27 percent increase over the previous 
year. In addition, in the coming months, we will also be implementing a new 
€993 million share buyback program. 
This way we will have allocated over €18 billion to dividends and share 
buybacks since 2021, a sign of our firm commitment to value creation and 
shareholder distributions. 
If we consider a broader timeframe, since the beginning of 2019, the value 
of our shareholders’ investment, which includes both dividends and stock 
performance, has nearly quadrupled. This represents a total return 
that is far superior to European and Spanish competitors (which have 
multiplied their investments by 2.7 and 2.3, respectively).
Total shareholder return (accumulated since 2019)1 
 
x3
x2
x4
x2.28
SPANISH
BANKS
x2.67
EUROPEAN
BANKS
x3
x2
x4
x3.89
2019
January
2025
February
x3
x2
x4
2025
February
2019
January
2025
February
2019
January
LETTER FROM THE CHAIR
€70cts.
TOTAL DIVIDEND 
PER SHARE IN CASH
GROSS/SHARE
€993M
SHARE BUYBACK PROGRAM
1 Total return includes evolution of stock performance + dividends: Stoxx Europe 600 Banks. 
Spanish banks: BKT, CABK, SAB, SAN, UNI weighted by market capitalization. Data from 01/01/2019 
to 28/02/2025.

We believe that banks play a fundamental role in economic progress 
and social well-being. We channel savings into productive investments, 
provide financing to families and businesses, and promote inclusive 
growth. This commitment is reflected in the significant increase in activity 
in 2024: lending rose by 14.3 percent year over year in the Group, which 
allowed 160,000 families to purchase a home. In addition, we provided 
new financing to 715,000 small and mid-sized companies and the self-
employed, boosting their growth, and 70,000 larger corporations had 
access to BBVA financing as of the end of the year. Furthermore, over the 
past year, we allocated €22 billion to finance social infrastructure and 
support entrepreneurs.
In 2024, over 11 million new customers joined BBVA, reaching a total 
of 77.2 million active customers. Our pioneering, decisive approach to 
digitization has been key, with 66 percent of these new customers joining 
through digital channels. Today, three out of every four customers interact 
with BBVA on mobile devices and the number of digital transactions 
per customer per month has multiplied by 2.5 since 2020. Even more 
importantly, customer satisfaction continues to grow: our net promoter 
score (NPS) has improved 10 percentage points since 2019, and we 
remain leaders in our key markets.
BBVA is also a role model in sustainability. At the end of 2024 we achieved 
our target of channeling €300 billion into sustainable business since 
2018, one year ahead of schedule.
Beyond our financial activities, at BBVA we are firmly committed to 
the places where we operate. Last year, we contributed to the recovery 
following the devastating DANA storm that impacted eastern Spain. From 
the first moment, BBVA put measures in place to support its customers in 
returning to normal in their lives and businesses, and to contribute to the 
recovery of the territory. Our commitment to the recovery of this region will 
continue in 2025. 
Furthermore, together with the BBVA Foundation and the BBVA 
Microfinance Foundation, we allocated €567 million to social initiatives, 
benefiting nearly 106 million people and supporting cultural progress and 
innovation, while promoting inclusive growth.
LETTER FROM THE CHAIR
€567M
COMMUNITY COMMITMENT
+14.3%
LOAN PORTFOLIO
>11M
NEW CLIENTS

LETTER FROM THE CHAIR
A bank prepared for the future
Despite the global uncertainties, the economic outlooks for our main 
countries remain favorable. In Spain, we expect the economy to 
continue growing above the European average, bolstered by strong 
consumption and investment. In Mexico, activity remains strong, backed 
by its proximity to the United States and cost competitiveness, while low 
levels of banking penetration continue to provide the financial sector 
opportunities for growth. Turkey is showing favorable dynamics thanks to 
orthodox economic measures and its strategic position as a manufacturing 
powerhouse close to the European Union. In addition, we see positive 
dynamics and potential for the expansion of financial services in the main 
countries where we operate in South America.
These trends, combined with the strength of our franchises and our 
strategy based on innovation, digitization and sustainability allow us to 
face 2025 with optimism. In this regard, we expect BBVA to maintain 
profitability levels similar to those of 2024. 
Europe is facing the challenge of accelerating growth and strengthening 
the continent’s competitiveness in an increasingly fragmented global 
environment. The European Commission estimates that the region 
needs an annual investment of more than €700 billion to modernize 
infrastructure, boost technological transformation and finance the energy 
transition. In order to address this challenge, the EU needs stronger, more 
efficient banks with the right scale to channel the enormous savings 
available to these investments. 
It is in this context that we have proposed the union with Banco Sabadell, 
a transaction that poses a great opportunity for customers, employees and 
shareholders of both banks, as well as society as a whole. The integration 
combines the strengths of two highly complementary banks, so we 
can together achieve goals that would not be possible separately. 
Shareholders will benefit from the value generated from synergies, with 
greater potential for  earnings per share appreciation and the commitment 
to maintain our value creation policy over the long-term, with increases in 
total shareholder return over time.

LETTER FROM THE CHAIR
I would like to take this opportunity to thank you, our shareholders, for your 
firm support of the transaction at the Extraordinary General Meeting in July. 
We continue moving forward to obtain the pending approvals, so we can 
officially start the period for Banco Sabadell shareholders to join this great 
project.
Finally, after far surpassing the goals outlined in the 2019-2024 
strategic plan, we are beginning a new strategic cycle. We carried out a 
comprehensive review of current trends and established new priorities 
for the 2025-2029 cycle, which will allow us to face future challenges and 
reinforce our position as a leader in the sector. We have also redefined our 
purpose: “Support your drive to go further”. 
Among these new priorities, adopting a new perspective toward customers 
stands out, aiming to have a more profound, positive impact on their lives. 
Furthermore, we remain fully committed to sustainability, with an emphasis 
on growing in all business segments, and to fostering, throughout the 
organization, a value and capital creation mindset. In addition, we aim to 
maximize the potential of artificial intelligence and innovation by using data 
and next generation technologies. All of this will be possible thanks to our 
empathetic, winning team, focused on creating value for all stakeholders. 
In this regard, I would like to thank each and every one of the nearly 
126,000 people who make up BBVA. This team is a key pillar of our 
success and it is essential to underscore their dedication and commitment. 
I am convinced that together, we will continue to successfully face the 
challenges of the future.  
And to you, our shareholders, I would like to reiterate my gratitude for 
your confidence and constant support, which drives us to continue 
consolidating our leadership in the sector and contributing to economic 
and social progress.
Carlos Torres Vila
Chair

O N U R  G E N Ç
Dear Shareholders,
Letter from the Chief 
Executive Officer
Over the past year, we achieved our best results ever, moving forward 
with determination in our strategy for profitable growth, and 
consolidating our leadership in efficiency and profitability in the 
European banking sector. This has allowed us to greatly surpass the targets 
we set for ourselves at the 2021 Investor Day. All of this despite facing an 
environment of uncertainty, marked by the gradual decrease in interest 
rates in many countries where we operate. 
The BBVA Group’s net attributable profit reached €10.05 billion, our 
highest figure in history. This represents a 25 percent increase over the 
previous year. 
€10.05Bn
NET ATTRIBUTABLE PROFIT

This growth was bolstered by excellent evolution in net interest income, 
which rose 13 percent at constant exchange rates, and by solid growth in 
income from net fees and commissions, which increased 31 percent. 
This outstanding performance is a reflection of the momentum in our 
banking activity in the main markets where we operate, especially Spain 
and Mexico, where we continued to gain market share and strengthen our 
competitive position. 
Operating expenses rose 18 percent year on year at constant exchange 
rates, due to growth in the workforce and the higher level of investments 
in recent years. However, these expenses rose less than income and the 
average inflation rate in the countries where BBVA operates. As a result, 
we continued to improve our efficiency, a key factor in our results, with 
a ratio that stands at 40 percent - 226 basis points better than in 2023. 
Yet another year, we therefore remain one of the leading banks in 
efficiency among our group of European competitors. 
Operating income, or the difference between the income generated 
and the costs incurred, reached €21.29 billion, up 30 percent from the 
previous year, excluding the impact of currency fluctuations.
Risk indicators remained in line with expectations. The cost of risk stayed 
stable at 1.43 percent, while the NPL ratio improved to 3.0 percent, and the 
coverage ratio rose to 80 percent.  
Yet another year, BBVA’s profitability metrics have also improved. The 
ROE reached 18.9 percent, and ROTE 19.7 percent, well above the target 
of 14 percent set by the bank for the end of 2024. This profitability once 
again puts us in a leading position among European banks.
Thanks to these excellent results, we continued to create high value for 
you, our shareholders, with a tangible book value per share plus dividends 
17.2 percent higher than the previous year. Regarding the Group’s capital, 
the fully loaded CET1 ratio remained strong, rising to 12.88 percent - well 
above the bank’s target range of 11.5 to 12 percent. 
I would also like to underscore that this year we completed the 2019-2024 
strategic cycle, far surpassing our forecasts and consolidating BBVA 
as a leading bank in growth, profitability and efficiency, with a unique 
profile among our European competitors. We remain firmly committed 
to creating value for all our stakeholders: customers, employees, 
shareholders, and society as a whole.
LETTER FROM THE CHIEF EXECUTIVE OFFICER
40%
19.7%
EFFICIENCY RATIO
ROTE
12.88%
CET1 fully loaded

As for the main business areas, I would like to emphasize the following:
LETTER FROM THE CHIEF EXECUTIVE OFFICER
Spain has benefited from 3.2 percent growth in GDP, which has made 
it possible to increase lending by more than 4 percent during the year, 
with a focus on the most profitable segments: commercial banking and 
consumer loans. The area’s profit rose to €3.78 billion, up 39 percent over 
the previous year thanks to the positive evolution of core revenue. 
Spain
In Mexico, with a GDP growth of 1.2 percent, our lending increased by 16 
percent excluding currency fluctuations, with significant gains in market 
share. This momentum in activity has translated into growth in core 
revenue, which has offset the increase in costs amid an environment 
of gradual normalization of inflation. As a result, BBVA obtained a net 
attributable profit of €5.45 billion, up 5.8 percent from the previous 
year, excluding currency fluctuations.
Mexico
Turkey posted a net attributable profit of €611 million in 2024, a 16 percent 
increase over the previous year. This was possible thanks to growth in 
fees and commissions and NTI, which helped to offset pressure on net 
interest income; and the increase in provisions to normalized levels. 
This demonstrates the strength of our franchise in the country in a 
macroeconomic environment that remains complex, despite showing 
positive signs thanks to lower inflation rates.
Turkey
South America improved its net attributable profit, reaching €635 million. 
This was due to solid core revenue and greater lending, which increased 17 
percent year over year, especially in commercial banking.
South 
America

LETTER FROM THE CHIEF EXECUTIVE OFFICER
BBVA’s notable strengths have allowed us to obtain our best results ever. 
First, we have franchises that are leaders in their respective countries, 
with market shares that position them among the largest banks. We have 
managed to increase this market share in nearly all countries. Second, 
our results are a reflection of the success of our strategy, based on 
digitization, innovation and sustainability.
Finally, I would like to express my sincere gratitude to the nearly 126,000 
people who work at BBVA for their dedication and hard work, and to all of 
you, our shareholders, for your constant support and confidence.
Kind regards,
Onur Genç
Chief Executive Officer

II. 
BBVA GROUP ANNUAL REPORT 2024
Consolidated 
Management 
Report

Contents
BBVA in brief
2
1. Who we are
2
2. Highlights
4
3. BBVA Group strategy
7
Consolidated Non-financial Information Statement
18
1. General information
19
2. Environmental information
60
3. Social information
115
4. Governance information
170
5. Complementary information to the Consolidated Non-financial Information Statement
191
6. Appendices to the Consolidated Non-financial Information Statement
205
Financial information
358
1. BBVA Group
359
2. Business areas
380
Risk management 
406
1. General risk management and control model
406
2. Credit risk
415
3. Market risk
417
4. Structural risks
417
5. Climate change risks
420
6. Operational risk
420
7. Reputational risk
425
8. Risk factors
426
Alternative Performance Measures (APMs)
430
Subsequent events
440
BBVA Annual Corporate Governance Report
441
Annual Report on the Remuneration of BBVA Directors
442
Legal disclaimer
443
The figures in this BBVA Group Consolidated Management Report have been rounded. Therefore, it is possible that the amounts that 
appear in certain tables are not the exact arithmetic sum of the figures that precede them.
1
This English version is a translation of the original in Spanish for information purposes only. In case of a discrepancy, the Spanish original will prevail.

BBVA in brief
1.
Who we are
BBVA is a global financial group with a customer-centric vision, characterized by its pioneering commitment to digitalization, 
innovation, and sustainability. It currently has over more than 77.2 million active customers and over 125,916 employees. BBVA 
operates in more than 25 countries worldwide, has a leading position in the Spanish market and, is the largest financial institution in 
Mexico and has leading franchises in South America and Turkey. BBVA also has a remarkable investment banking, transaction 
banking, and capital markets business, leveraged on the cross-border business among its geographies and sector-specific expertise, 
with specialized focus on supporting companies in their decarbonization efforts.
BBVA stands out for the strength of its financial indicators, which have allowed it to adapt to the changes and challenges in the 
macroeconomic environment, while maintaining its firm commitment to value creation,  not only for its shareholders, but also for its 
customers, employees and society as a whole, additionally promoting inclusive development.
BBVA`s GLOBAL PRESENCE
DECEMBER 2024
Countries Branches
Employees
Active 
customers
>25
5,749 125,916 77.2 M
DIGITAL CAPABILITIES
DECEMBER 2024
CUSTOMERS
DIGITAL SALES
Mobile 
Customers
 Units
PRV(1)
58.0 M
78.5 %
60.9 %
(1) Product Relative Value (PRV) as an indicator of the 
economic representation of the units sold.
FINANCIAL HIGHLIGHTS
DECEMBER 2024
 Net attributable profit 2024
CET1 Fully Loaded
10,054 M€
 12.88 %
 Total assets
 Deposits from customers
772,402 M€
447,646 M€
Loans to customers (gross)
424,087 M€
SUSTAINABLE BUSINESS 
AND CONTRIBUTION TO SOCIETY(1)
Sustainable Business 
Channeling 
Investment in the 
Community 
304 MM€
567 M€
between 2018 and 2024
between 2021 and 
2024
(1) The Group has set itself the goal of channeling €300 billion 
into sustainable business between 2018 and 2025 and has 
committed to investing €550 million in social programs 
between 2021 and 2025.
Consolidated Management Report BBVA in brief
2
This English version is a translation of the original in Spanish for information purposes only. In case of a discrepancy, the Spanish original will prevail.

GROSS INCOME ⁽¹⁾ AND TOTAL ASSETS ⁽¹⁾ BREAKDOWN (PERCENTAGE. 2024)
  Gross income 
Total assets
26.4
42.7
11.7
15.1
4.1
Spain
Mexico
Turkey
South America
Rest of Business
51.6
20.8
10.2
9.1
8.2
Leading Franchises 
RANKING AND MARKET SHARE (%)1
SPAIN
#3
14.1%
MEXICO
#1
25.4%
TURKEY
#2
18.9%
COLOMBIA
#4
11.1%
PERU
#2
22.4%
ARGENTINA
#3
10.3%
(1) Market share of loans as of November 2024 (Spain, Mexico, Colombia and Peru), and December 2024 (Turkey and Argentina). Ranking considering main competitors in each 
country. Turkey only considering private banks. Source market shares: Bank of Spain (Spain), CNBV (Mexico), BRSA (Turkey), Asobancaria (Colombia), ASBANC (Peru) and 
BCRA (Argentina) .
BBVA organizes its operations into several geographical areas (mainly Spain, Mexico, Turkey, and South America) and, key indicators 
such as net interest income, fees, efficiency, and asset quality are detailed for each of them. In the "Financial Information" section of 
this consolidated Management Report, a breakdown of BBVA Group's business areas by segments and key regions is presented.
Consolidated Management Report BBVA in brief
3
This English version is a translation of the original in Spanish for information purposes only. In case of a discrepancy, the Spanish original will prevail.
⁽¹⁾ Excludes the Corporate Center.

2. Highlights
Consolidated Management Report BBVA in brief
4
This English version is a translation of the original in Spanish for information purposes only. In case of a discrepancy, the Spanish original will prevail.
,

In 2024, BBVA made significant progress in executing its strategy, leading the transformation of the banking sector and achieving 
record financial results. This success was driven by a clear focus on growth and value creation, enabling BBVA to continue generating 
opportunities for customers, employees, shareholders, and society as a whole.
The year’s main milestones were:
–
BBVA reported its highest earnings ever, with an attributable profit of 10,054 million euros, 25.4% increase from 2023.
–
BBVA continued to increase its activity, with a loan growth of 14.3% and increased market share:
–
It granted more than 160,000 mortgages to enable families to buy home.
–
It supported SMEs and the self-employed with more than 715,000 loans to help them grow their business, without 
forgetting the financing to large companies to boost their growth, which amounted to 70,000 loans in 2024.
–
Nearly to 22 billion euros, were allocated to financing initiatives for inclusive growth, including inclusive 
infrastructure, financial inclusion, entrepreneurship, job creation and access to basic goods and services. 
–
BBVA continues to lead the European banking sector in terms of profitability and efficiency. Its ROTE reached 19.7% 
in 2024 compared to 13.7% for the European1 peer group, while its efficiency ratio stood at 40.0% versus 50.8% for its 
peers. 
–
BBVA continues to make firm progress in its commitment to value creation:
–
Tangible total equity per share plus dividends grew by 17.2% during the year, above the 15.1% of the European2 
peer group.
–
Shareholder remuneration rose significantly. BBVA will allocate more than 53 billion euros of its 2024 results to 
shareholder remuneration, representing a 50% payout. 
–
It should be noted that the strength of its financial indicators was accompanied by robust liquidity (LCR of 134.0% and 
NSFR of 127.0%) and solvency (CET1 of 12.88%) ratios, well above regulatory requirements. 
–
BBVA has continued to make good progress in the execution of its strategy. As an example of this: 
–
BBVA continues to beat record figures in customer acquisition and maintains leadership positions in the main 
geographical areas. BBVA's success is driven by its leadership in the digital world and its commitment to 
innovation, but also by offering the best service through other channels such as branches or remote managers. 
BBVA wants to provide the best personalized experience without leaving anyone behind. 
–
Sustainability remains a key growth driver. In 2024, BBVA has channeled around 304 billion euros, reaching its 
2025 target a year ahead of schedule.
Consolidated Management Report BBVA in brief
5
This English version is a translation of the original in Spanish for information purposes only. In case of a discrepancy, the Spanish original will prevail.
1 European comparable group: BNP, CASA, SG, HSBC, LBG, BARC, ISP, UCG, ING, NDA, SAN, CABK, DB, data calculated on the basis of figures reported at September 2024 
annualized. BBVA data as of end-December 2024.
2 Year-on-year evolution based on figures reported as of September 2024.
3 Includes €29 cents (gross) paid in October 2024 and €41 cents (gross) to be paid in April 2025 (pending approval by the Corporate Authorities), as well as the share buyback 
program in the amount of 993 million euros (pending approval by the Corporate Authorities and regulatory approval).

Key data and highlights by geography in 2024
SPAIN
n Good investment evolution focused on the most profitable segments
n Operating income growth of 30.8% 
 
n Evolution of risk indicators in line with expectations 
 
n Excellent results
MEXICO
n Investment growth in all segments, both wholesale and retail
n Very positive performance of recurring revenues due to business growth
n Excellent double-digit operating income growth
n Evolution of risk indicators in line with expectations 
 
TURKEY
n Loan growth continues, both in Turkish lira and foreign currency
n Good performance of net fee and commission income and net trading income
n Risk indicator standardization
n Growth in net attributable profit despite hyperinflationary environment
SOUTH AMERICA
n Growth in lending activity and in the acquisition of customer funds
n Argentina: growth in net attributable profit despite a still complex macroeconomic environment
n Colombia: despite the good performance of recurring revenues, the net attributable profit was impacted by higher 
provisions
n Peru: growth in net attributable profit due to good revenue performance, improved efficiency and lower 
provisions 
Detailed information on the business areas is disclosed in chapter “2. Business Areas” of section “Financial information".
Consolidated Management Report BBVA in brief
6
This English version is a translation of the original in Spanish for information purposes only. In case of a discrepancy, the Spanish original will prevail.

3. BBVA Group strategy
Context and global vision
BBVA has successfully completed in 2024 the strategic cycle that began in 2020, clearly exceeding all the targets announced at the 
Investor Day in 2021:
(1) Excluding discontinued operations and non-recurring results. 
(2) Target customers refers to those customers in which the bank wants to grow and retain, as they are considered valuable due to their assets, liabilities and/or transactionality 
with BBVA.
BBVA thus concludes a strategic cycle in a position of undoubted strength, which allows to face the challenges of an increasingly 
complex global and sectorial environment.
The current macroeconomic environment is influenced by geopolitical tensions, a steady normalization of interest rates 
and an increasing aging of the population, which will generate challenges and opportunities in the financial sector.
Geopolitical tensions, protectionism and polarization are mutually reinforcing:
–
The rise of China and the isolationist tendency of the United States are creating a power vacuum that increases the 
likelihood of geopolitical conflicts and the risk of economic fragmentation.
–
Countries appear to be leaning more toward security and resilience than on efficiency, with an approach that prioritizes 
protectionism over economic liberalism.
–
Near/friend-shoring and more protectionist onshore industrial policies are on the rise, which could generate growth 
opportunities in the financial industry, especially in the business and corporate segment, and in geographical areas such as 
Mexico (which has close commercial ties with the United States) or Turkey (as a potential key trade zone, or hub, with 
Europe).
–
Political polarization is intensifying in many countries. Populism continues to spread and is leading to more uncertainty in 
political decision-making.
Normalization of interest rates, with equilibrium rates expected to be higher than those of the last decade.
–
The apparent control of inflation put an end to aggressive interest rate increases, and has allowed the gradual cycle of rate 
cuts to begin.
–
Interest rate developments will exert pressure on margins in the short-term, although rates are not expected to return to the 
negative levels of the previous decade and should stabilize at structurally positive levels.
The aging of the population could impact the customer profile and the demand for products and services.
–
The population is expected to grow more slowly. Aging could affect not only developed countries, but also emerging ones. 
Immigration will play a key role in this regard.
–
This trend is likely to have an impact on the demand for products and services in the financial industry. 
Consolidated Management Report BBVA in brief
7
This English version is a translation of the original in Spanish for information purposes only. In case of a discrepancy, the Spanish original will prevail.

•
An increase in the volume of older customers would reduce the relative demand for credit and increase the 
importance and demand for savings management. 
•
This change in the customer profile would probably also have an impact on the attractiveness and competitive 
dynamics of different industries, such as the health sector.
Meanwhile, the rest of the long-term global trends on which BBVA's strategy is based and which play a critical role in the 
transformation of the economy, have continued to consolidate and evolve.
Sustainability will continue to be a driver of growth for the economy:
–
Investment towards a decarbonized economy is consolidating, driven by greater energy demand and the profitability of 
renewable energies. The profitability is also increasing in new technologies thanks to innovation. Today, it is estimated that 
nearly half of the emission reductions come from technologies that are still in their early stages and have not been tested on 
a large scale.
–
Banks will play a very important role in channeling investments and advising their customers in this transition process that 
seeks a decarbonized and more efficient economy in a context of growing energy demand.
–
Lastly, investments to improve production processes and the value chain of companies aimed to preserve natural capital 
are also growing. Natural capital depletion must be reversed due to its significant economic and financial impacts.
Digitalization continues to gain momentum in many sectors. We are entering a new era of disruption led by Artificial Intelligence (AI), 
which is reshaping the competitive dynamics of many sectors, including the financial system. Its impact on the entire value chain is 
generating great opportunities:
–
Hyper-personalization of value propositions.
–
Process automation, with a strong expected impact on middle and back-office tasks, improving control data, productivity 
and also customer experience.
–
Other technologies such as blockchain, quantum computing, cloud computing, etc. continue to advance and generate a true 
era of opportunities for society and for the financial sector.
Finally, the financial system is facing an increasingly complex competitive environment, with new digital competitors (e.g., 
neobanks) and non-bank players (e.g., payment specialists) that are redefining and hardening the dynamics towards supranational 
competition versus more local historical models.
In this context, BBVA has carried out in 2024 an intense reflection on the above trends and has designed a new Strategic Plan that 
presents an evolution of the framework (purpose, values and strategic priorities) on which the main lines of action for the period from 
2025 to 2029 will be designed. 
Purpose
BBVA has always been committed to generate a positive impact on all its stakeholders, starting with its customers. The purpose until 
now, “to bring the age of opportunity to everyone”, reflects that vocation.
The 2025-2029 strategic plan gives new impetus to that vision with a renewed purpose, which reinforces BBVA's role as a key ally for 
people and businesses. More than a bank, BBVA wants to be a springboard to help those who seek to go further and achieve their 
goals.
This is another step towards consolidating BBVA as a Group designed to accompany and advise its customers in the materialization 
of their projects, making this commitment its new axis of differentiation.
–
Support means to be present at all times, especially in vital moments. Providing constant support, listening, understanding 
and adapting to their needs. Empathy is key to all of the above; it seeks to identify BBVA with its customers, share their 
concerns, projects and dreams, and turn the Group into that ally that truly understands what they need.
–
Your drive. BBVA recognizes that behind every project, every goal and every step forward, there is something deeper: the 
will. That inner strength that drives people to excel, to pursue their goals and to believe in a better future. It is the 
determination to move forward, the motivation that drives them every day.
–
Go further is the essence of progress and innovation. It is an attitude that is part of BBVA's DNA, always seeking to 
anticipate, to see today what will come tomorrow and to look to the future with optimism. This ability to anticipate and 
evolve brings enormous wealth to the people and companies that choose BBVA as a partner to achieve their dreams. 
Consolidated Management Report BBVA in brief
8
This English version is a translation of the original in Spanish for information purposes only. In case of a discrepancy, the Spanish original will prevail.

Values
The 2025 - 2029 strategic plan upholds BBVA's solid values: Customer comes first; We think big; and We are one team. These values 
and their associated behaviors are the guidelines that guide employees in their day-to-day decision making and help them to make the 
Group's Purpose a reality.
Behaviors evolve slightly to bring BBVA even closer to its customers' needs, strengthening its ability to put itself in their shoes, 
understand their motivations and anticipate their expectations. Through this deeper connection, BBVA reinforces its commitment to 
generate a positive and differential impact on their lives.
The values are integrated in the key models and levers that promote the Group's transformation, as well as in the global processes of 
people management: from the selection of new employees, role assignment processes, evaluation, people development and training, 
to incentives for meeting objectives.
Strategic priorities
BBVA has established six new strategic priorities to advance the execution of its strategy. They are based on three main ideas:
–
A new axis of differentiation.
–
Reinforce our commitment to growth and value creation.
–
Solid foundations to generate a significant impact across the board.
Embed a radical client perspective in all we do
BBVA seeks to turn this priority into a new axis of differentiation, developing a value proposition focused on helping its customers 
meet their goals, with a genuine commitment to their financial health and being present at key moments in their lives.
The new differentiation axis is made possible by new technologies led by artificial intelligence and the responsible use of data that 
enable hyper-personalization and added value for customers. The needs around money are different for each customer and BBVA 
wants to go beyond a standard digital proposition.
The customer perspective has to be present in everything we do, with excellent execution where BBVA cannot fail. Customer 
interactions must be positive, eliminating negative experiences.
All of the above requires a rethinking of the way in which we interact with customers, with a growing role for artificial intelligence and 
placing the customer's perspective at the center when designing our entire value proposition and processes.
This new axis of differentiation is a cross-cutting priority that includes the entire Group, both business and support areas. All BBVA is 
committed to having the customer present in all its decisions.
Consolidated Management Report BBVA in brief
9
This English version is a translation of the original in Spanish for information purposes only. In case of a discrepancy, the Spanish original will prevail.

Boost sustainability as a growth engine
BBVA has been a pioneer in identifying the impact of sustainability in the financial sector. 
The new priority goes a step further and seeks to become an engine of differential growth, taking advantage of the need to finance 
investments to meet a growing demand for efficient and clean energy.
Specialized advice tailored to each market segment, together with the transformation of risk processes, are key to generating 
differential growth.
Scale up all enterprise segments
The business segments, from SMEs to large corporations, represent a clear growth opportunity for BBVA.
The objective of this priority is to turn BBVA into the bank of reference for companies, by radically incorporating this customer 
perspective in its value proposition mentioned above.
BBVA has competitive advantages to succeed in this priority, such as specialization in sustainability and global presence in more than 
25 countries to reinforce a cross-border proposal.
Growth in companies also helps to strengthen BBVA's retail business, offering a comprehensive universal banking proposition in the 
face of new competitors that are only present in the retail segment.
Promote a Value and Capital Creation Mindset
The objective of this priority is to continue advancing in the concept of profitable growth, closely linked to BBVA's strategy and the 
generation of long-term value.
All processes must consider value creation as a critical factor in decision making, which implies changes in management models, 
incentives, monitoring and reporting. Initiatives such as balance sheet rotation are key to optimizing the use of capital and maximizing 
profitability, while enabling a greater positive impact on the customer.
In line with optimal capital utilization, this priority reinforces the importance of businesses with low capital consumption and high 
value creation, such as insurance, private banking, asset management and the payments ecosystem.
Unlock the Potential of artificial intelligence and innovation through data availability and 
Next Gen tech
The responsible use of data and new technologies has always been a key factor in BBVA's strategy.
The new strategic plan highlights the importance of data availability as a critical step to generate a differential impact on the entire 
value chain, both at the customer level with a hyper-personalized and differential proposal, and at the level of efficiency and control 
thanks to process automation.
The evolution to Next Gen technologies is fundamental to efficiently face all the requirements derived from hyper-personalization and 
increased customer interactions.
Strengthen our empathy, succeed as a winning team
The 2025 - 2029 strategic plan puts the focus back on the team as a critical factor in strategy execution.
Empathy becomes a key element throughout the organization to drive the customer perspective in a radical way. 
The new priorities demand a team with a winning and ambitious character to continue leading the transformation. A team that is 
proud to be part of BBVA, that does not conform and always seeks excellence and differential added value for the customer.
Consolidated Management Report BBVA in brief
10
This English version is a translation of the original in Spanish for information purposes only. In case of a discrepancy, the Spanish original will prevail.

The new Strategic Plan 2025-2029 is adapted to reflect the trends of the new environment, leveraging on the successful execution of 
the previous strategic cycle.
Main lines of action in 2024
Improving our clients’ financial health
BBVA wants to help and accompany its customers in their day-to-day lives for them to be able to meet their goals, through 
comprehensive financial solutions and promoting greater knowledge that allows them to better manage their assets.
To accompany customers on this journey, BBVA has defined a four-step journey based on proactive and adapted functionalities, 
experiences and tools thanks to the use of new technologies, such as artificial intelligence, the responsible use of data and the solid 
experience of its human team.
–
Day-to-day control: The aim is to ensure that customers are aware of their income and expenses, classified by category, so 
that they can set spending limits and monitor them (e.g. “My budgets”). In addition, the bank provides them with advance 
information on upcoming transactions, so that they are prepared (e.g. “Small expenses”: expenses of less than three euros 
but which, due to their high recurrence, can reduce their saving capability).
–
Savings: The importance of having a financial cushion (ideally six months, equivalent to having six times the average 
monthly expenses saved in savings and investment products) to be able to face unexpected events is vital for financial 
health. BBVA helps customers set savings goals and provides automatic rules to achieve these objectives. In this way, the 
goal is to turn saving into a habit (e.g. “Set up your account”).
–
Debt control : The financial institution wants to help customers understand how much they can borrow, and what is the best 
product for the purpose they want to achieve. To do this, it offers them updated information at all times about their 
borrowing capacity, the maximum level allowed, and the current status of their debt. Customers can thus know what is the 
limit of reasonable debt that they can assume (e.g. “BBVA Valora”).
–
Planning: BBVA helps customers to make a plan in order to achieve their goals, and live with peace of mind throughout all 
stages of their lives. To do so, BBVA provides advice on savings and investment solutions aimed to help customers to 
manage their own savings (e.g. “BBVA Invest”).
In 2024, BBVA has reached the following achievements:
–
40% of global customers have connect via mobile and interacted with financial health features.
–
Improvement of the Net Promoter Score (NPS) indicator among users of financial health features. 
In Spain, during 2024, the NPS of customers who use these features has been between 9 and 10 percentage points higher 
than those who do not use them. Likewise, customers who use these features tend to have a lower churn rate (35%-40% 
less) and make more digital purchases (55% more).
–
Greater saving capacity of customers who use financial health tools: in Spain they improve their balances by an average of 
11% compared to those who do not use them and in Mexico this figure is 20% (exercise carried out in 2024 with data up to 
2023).
Helping our clients transition towards a sustainable future
For BBVA, sustainability means “helping our clients transition toward a sustainable future” by promoting environmental protection, 
economic growth and social development. BBVA seeks to generate a positive impact on its stakeholders through the development of 
its business and thanks to the multiplier effect of banking.
Climate change impacts industries and the way customers consume, move around and fit out their homes, requiring significant 
investments that will continue for decades to come.
In addition, climate change and human actions are putting stress on natural capital (water, crops, commodities...), making it 
increasingly important for customers to ensure the continued availability and quality of essential resources for production and service 
delivery.
Finally, there are still major inequalities in the world, which may be increased by the effects of the economic transformation needed to 
decarbonize the economy, or the destruction of natural capital. Banks can play a key role in the development of inclusive growth by 
means of increasing banking penetration among the population, fostering financial education, and developing inclusive 
infrastructures (such as healthcare, education and communications).
Consolidated Management Report BBVA in brief
11
This English version is a translation of the original in Spanish for information purposes only. In case of a discrepancy, the Spanish original will prevail.

BBVA's sustainability strategy has a roadmap with two clear objectives:
–
Promoting new business through sustainability with a global and holistic approach in the area of global warming, 
natural capital and the social sphere: BBVA aims to reach 300 billion euros of channeled sustainable business from 2018 
to 2025)4, having already reached the figure of 304 billion as of December 31, 2024 (around 99 billion in 2024).
Related to the climate change, BBVA has channeled more than 77 billion euros in 2024, earmarked, among others, for the 
electrification of industry, energy efficiency measures, the development of renewable projects and the promotion of solar 
self-consumption, as well as the transformation of the transport and logistics sector.
In addition, inclusive growth represents around 22 billion euros of the entire sustainable business channeling by 2024.
–
Sectoral decarbonization plans, with intermediate decarbonization targets (year 2030) in oil and gas, power generation, 
automobiles, cement, steel, coal, aviation, shipping, aluminum and real estate (both commercial and residential in Spain).
BBVA, for the fifth consecutive year, has obtained the best score in the category of banks in the European region, and the third best 
score globally (the latter shared with other entities), in the latest S&P Global Corporate Sustainability Assessment. This assessment 
by the S&P rating agency determines the inclusion of companies in the Dow Jones Sustainability Index.
Reaching more customers
BBVA seeks to grow by positioning itself where its customers are, both through its own channels and through channels and 
agreements with third parties. All of this without losing focus on profitable growth, investing in the most relevant product verticals and 
value segments. BBVA also continues to advance in its commitment to developing new business models with a medium- and long-
term growth horizon.
The main initiatives in customer acquisition (own and third-party channels, value verticals and innovation) and the progress achieved 
in 2024 are as follows: 
Own and third-party channels
The Group acquired 11.4 million new customers through its own channels in 2024. As a result of improved digital capabilities, 
customer acquisition through these channels in 2024 broke a new historical record. It increased continuously in recent years, 
reaching more than 7.5 million, representing 66% of the total number of new customers (tripling in size since 2019). Meanwhile, the 
number of customers using mobile solutions has doubled since December 2019, reaching 58 million, a 75% of the total of active 
customers. Digital sales now account for 78.5% of the total number of units sold.
Growth and customer satisfaction increase business volume through increased cross-selling. In addition, they represent a 
reinforcement of customer loyalty. As an example, in Spain 71% of new customers become Target Customers within six months.
BBVA focus on innovation, particularly in the use of artificial intelligence, has an increasingly impact on customer acquisition through 
its own channels. That is improving the experience and value proposition, while simplifying and making all processes more efficient.
BBVA is also committed to attracting customers through third-party channels using Open Banking and integrated finance to provide a 
complete experience.
Consolidated Management Report BBVA in brief
12
This English version is a translation of the original in Spanish for information purposes only. In case of a discrepancy, the Spanish original will prevail.
4 The Objective 2025 includes channeling financial flows, cumulatively, in relation to activities, customers or products considered sustainable or that promote sustainability in 
accordance with both internal and market standards, existing regulations and best practices. For more information, see the section “Evolution of the sustainable business 
channeling”.

Segments and verticals of value
BBVA wants to boost segments and value verticals. For this reason, it is focusing on growth in product segments and verticals 
with a significant impact on value creation to generate profitable growth: enterprise segments (including small and medium-sized 
enterprises (hereinafter, SMEs), enterprise banking and the Corporate & Investment Banking area), payments, insurance and private 
banking and asset management.
The main developments during 2024 are described below:
Enterprise segments
During 2024, BBVA has decided to give a new boost to the enterprise segments.
Small and medium-sized enterprises
SMEs are a key segment for BBVA. Revenues generated in this segment have grown by 40% compared to 2023, contributing 
more than 3 billion euros to The BBVA Group's gross income.
BBVA is promoting the progressive digitization of services and facilitating online operations, while maintaining a focus on risk 
models, as well as remote and digital capabilities. All of this has a tangible impact:
–
Pre-approved credit offers almost tripled compared to the previous year, positively impacting more than 2 million 
customers and representing 50% of loan originations for the year.
–
New credit origination through digital channels increased more than 3.5 times in 2024 (representing more than a third of 
the total credit originated) thanks to Do It Yourself (DIY) solutions, present in the Group's main markets and which include 
both working capital and long-term loans. One of these products is a fully digital solution linked to the transaction 
processing of the point of sale (POS) terminal. It is already available in five countries and was recognized with the SME 
Forum Award for Product Innovation in 2024 for Latin America.
Enterprise banking
BBVA has created a new Commercial Client Solutions area that is born with the ambition of transforming the segment with the 
clear objective of positioning BBVA as the reference bank for all business customers.
Additionally, BBVA has continued to promote the business of international companies (cross-border) in order to help its 
customers in their expansion into new markets through a differentiated service and a model based on the assignment of 
specialized managers. These improvements have allowed it to continue recording very significant growth in the gross income 
generated by companies and corporations outside its geography, exceeding the 22% year-on-year and 38% above the initial 
growth forecasts.
In turn, the bank has an ecosystem for managing the treasury of these companies and large corporations that has registered a 
growth of 24% in its customer base, reflecting its ability to adapt to the needs of an increasingly globalized market. Companies 
that use these services not only improve the efficiency of their financial operations, but also take advantage of BBVA’s 
international reach, creating synergies between their businesses in different countries. This treasury management ecosystem 
has established itself as a key piece in the growth strategy: the gross income of customers has grown by 11% in the last year, 
while treasury management fees have increased by 14%. In total, these figures represent 36% of the “Cash Management” fees in 
the CIB and international corporate banking area.
Corporate & Investment Banking (CIB)
During 2024, CIB has been one of the Group's main growth vectors, developing its strategy through three fundamental pillars:
–
Capitalize on the Group's global nature and the geographic diversity of the area to maximize cross-border 
activity, which has grown this year by more than 20%, accounting for more than 23%5 of CIB's total activity.
–
Taking advantage of the opportunity offered by sustainability, which is the key pillar of BBVA's wholesale banking 
value proposition at a global level. To successfully managing decarbonization and supporting customers, CIB has 
developed a specialized coverage with a sectorial focus, has established strategic partners in the field of infrastructure and 
has invested in top-tier climate funds.
–
Implement the growth strategy of the Institutional Business unit. This is a transformational plan that aims to increase 
business with institutional customers and become their strategic partner. To this end, work is being done on developing a 
specific product offering and expanding teams, especially in key markets such as the United States and the United 
Kingdom.
Thus, at the end of 2024, CIB accounted for approximately 16% of the Group's total gross income, increasing revenues by 27% in 
the last year.
Consolidated Management Report BBVA in brief
13
This English version is a translation of the original in Spanish for information purposes only. In case of a discrepancy, the Spanish original will prevail.
5 Latest data available from November 2024.

Payments
Payments is a strategic business for BBVA due to its contribution to value creation, as it is a key lever for strengthening the financial 
relationship with customers, both for retailers through the acquiring business, and for individuals through cards and other payment 
solutions. In 2024, BBVA has maintained its strong growth, increasing revenue by 20% compared to the previous year and promoting 
the launch of new payment solutions. This growth has been leveraged, among others, by solutions such as e-commerce payment 
through Bizum in Spain.
With its acquiring business, BBVA seeks to be the reference partner for retailers, with in-store payment solutions and also in digital/
electronic commerce. Active retailers have grown by 11% and revenue by 25%. Additionally, the growth of POS sales through digital 
channels is noteworthy, going from representing 2.6% in 2023 to 13% in 2024 of total terminal sales.
In the individual segment, BBVA has extended Aqua cards to practically all countries, thereby consolidating its position as a 
benchmark product in terms of customer security. This is the new generation of cards without printed numbers and with a dynamic 
CVV that offer a different experience and greater security compared to traditional cards. The number of Aqua cards has already 
reached 6 million, significantly reducing e-commerce fraud. Aqua cards for SMEs have also been launched in Spain and flexible 
financing options have been promoted, both debit and credit.
In addition, BBVA continues to invest in the development of new payment channels that facilitate digitization and the reduction of 
cash payments, participating in different industry solutions existing in all its markets (Bizum in Spain, Dimo in Mexico, Plin in Peru, 
Modo in Argentina...), integrating new use cases for sending money between people and QR payments in retailers, and making the 
best payment experience available to its customers in the App.
Insurance
Insurance products are key to offering comprehensive advice to customers and having an impact on their financial health. 
The Group is developing technical and service capabilities that allow it not only to serve customers better through innovation, but also 
to achieve sustained growth in premiums and attributable profit. In 2024, the volume of premiums grew by 18% compared to 2023.
In the non-life business, the Group has maintained the strategic alliances with third parties in different countries (Allianz and Sanitas/
BUPA in Spain, BUPA in Mexico and Turkey, etc.). Modern and innovative servicing products and solutions have also been launched, 
aligned to trends and best practices in the insurance industry, such as the new " Insurances space" in Spain (a new section in the App 
where all contracted insurance policies are found, and new ones can be managed and acquired in an intuitive and personalized way), 
or the SoS Auto section in Mexico (a feature that allows car claims to be reported directly from the App).
In the life insurance business, the deployment of modular solutions adapted to the needs of the customer in the geographical areas 
where this activity is offered, has continued, as well as the launch of new life and life savings products. In 2024, the Guaranteed Multi-
Place Savings Plan was launched in Spain and the Dynamic Life product with customizable savings in Peru.
Private banking and asset management
In 2024, BBVA puts the focus on strengthening and extending its tailored advisory model to Private Banking customers by 
developing an increasingly global experience. Greater access to Private Banking solutions was promoted through international 
platforms with a common advisory model, highlighting the case of Spain for international customers, and the launch of Private 
Banking in the United States, which already has nearly 500 million dollars in assets under management. In addition, the Group has 
continued its work to extend the Private Banking model to an increasing number of customers, thanks to the promotion of hybrid 
advice, strongly leveraged on remote capabilities and distribution models that benefit from BBVA's capillarity.
As a result the number of customers in this segment grew by more than 37 thousand during 2024 and the assets under management 
by 11 billion euros.
In terms of Asset Management, 2024 was a year of strong growth in all the geographical areas. This growth was the result of strong 
activity with customers, mainly in fixed-income investment solutions, in a context of higher interest rates, as well as the boost to 
discretionary portfolio management. This was complemented by a good performance of the financial markets. Also noteworthy is the 
joint work with the Group's distribution networks, with a special focus on private banking.
Overall, gross fees generated by Private Banking and Asset Management amounted to 1,550 million euros in 2024 (representing a 
year-on-year growth of 8.1%).
Consolidated Management Report BBVA in brief
14
This English version is a translation of the original in Spanish for information purposes only. In case of a discrepancy, the Spanish original will prevail.

Innovation 
Innovation is a key factor for the long-term profitable growth strategy in customers.
BBVA particularly highlights the importance of innovation in the strategy to achieve profitable growth. The main example of this 
importance is the growth in new and attractive markets through purely digital retail banks:
–
BBVA's 100% digital initiatives in markets where the Group can leverage a competitive advantage:
•
In Italy, initial forecasts are being exceeded, with more than 620 thousand customers in 2024 thanks to the 
support of BBVA's infrastructure and mobile App in Spain. BBVA Italy has positioned itself as the fourth best bank 
in the country, ahead of many traditional and native financial institutions, according to the World's Best Banks 
ranking carried out annually by Forbes and Statista6. In 2024, BBVA customers in Italy tripled their card 
purchases and recorded nearly 35 million transactions.
•
In Germany, led by the success in Italy, BBVA has launched a 100% digital bank, a market with scale and high 
potential in which BBVA seeks to repeat the experience of Italy.
–
Strategic stakes in purely digital banks outside its traditional markets, such as Atom in the United Kingdom and Neon in 
Brazil.
Also noteworthy is the positioning and consolidation of BBVA Spark as a relevant player in driving the entrepreneurial and investment 
ecosystem in 2024. The unit was created as a further step in BBVA's commitment to innovation and technology with the aim of being 
the bank of reference for entrepreneurs and venture capital investors and helping them scale their small businesses with banking and 
debt products and services.
BBVA Spark has been present in Spain and Mexico since 2022, Colombia and Argentina since 2023, and has recently extended a 
business in Europe with a team of debt specialists based in London. In 2024, the unit has more than 1,500 customers, and has 
reached 500 million euros committed in financing and has accumulated 900 million euros committed in private equity funds:
–
Financing: BBVA Spark offers its customers a wide range of financial services with an agile and specialized relationship 
model. This model ranges from national and international accounts, collections and payments, online banking and 
insurance, to structured finance solutions adapted to the needs of companies based on their stage of development and 
maturity. Additionally, the financial offering is completed with a strong connection with the entrepreneurial ecosystem 
through Open Innovation and other relevant events, facilitating contact and access with the different participants.
–
Investment: BBVA Spark has a team that leads all strategic investments in BBVA Group private equity funds. In 2024, 
BBVA's investment in funds has continued to focus on positioning itself in high-growth areas such as decarbonization and 
innovative entrepreneurship. Specifically, this year it has committed nearly 200 million euros to venture capital funds.
Driving operational excellence
BBVA seeks to provide the best value proposition to its customers, with experiences and products tailored to their needs, 
through simple and automated processes, maintaining robust risk management and optimal capital allocation.
BBVA continues to transform its relationship model to adapt to changing customer behavior, placing customers at the center of its 
activity, with the aim of providing the best service and being more efficient and productive. Through the use of data and new 
technologies (for example, artificial intelligence), BBVA seeks to combine a personalized, high-value experience and facilitate access 
to its products and services with simple, consistent processes. All of this with a scalable, efficient business model, countering the 
current trend of commoditization of the banking industry. As a result, the number of target customers per employee has almost 
doubled in the last four years, while the Group's NPS has increased by more than 10 percentage points.
The transformation of the relationship model is accompanied by a change in the operational model, focused on:
–
Process reengineering, seeking greater automation and improved productivity, 
–
Improvement of the time-to-market of new products and functionalities. 
The global nature of its products and solutions enables BBVA to be more efficient. The industrialization and homogenization of the 
construction of software for digital channels allows a solution created in one geographic area to be quickly exported to the rest. BBVA 
has thus significantly improved time-to-market, the quality of its solutions and efficiency, providing customers with the same 
capabilities and experience in all the geographic areas. Two examples of software reuse are the mobile application for retail 
customers and the mobile application for companies, which has been developed in less than a year by reusing software components.
This focus on operational excellence has led the Group to once again consolidate its leadership position in terms of the efficiency 
ratio, with 40.0% in 2024 (226 basis points better than in 20237) while the average for European competitors was 50.8% in 
September 2024 (latest data available).
BBVA prioritizes the allocation of capital to the most profitable business opportunities. In addition, the Group has a model that links a 
dynamic pricing system with the allocation of capital per individual transaction. This differential way of doing banking, where the 
search for profitability is present in each transaction, has an immediate translation into the Group's financial figures. Specifically, the 
return on risk-weighted asset (RORWA) at the end of 2024 stood at 2.76%, 38 basis points above 2023. For more information on 
RORWA, see the “Alternative Performance Measures (APM)” section.
Consolidated Management Report BBVA in brief
15
This English version is a translation of the original in Spanish for information purposes only. In case of a discrepancy, the Spanish original will prevail.
6 Ranking published in 2023.
7 In constant terms.

The best and most engaged team
The team is a key factor for success in the strategy. A team with a culture and values that are lived on a daily basis, guided by the  
Purpose and driven by a talent development model. This model revolves around the employee and is based on trust, empowerment, 
meritocracy, transparency and diversity.
BBVA has an employee value proposition based on three strategic principles on which BBVA has worked in 2024 to promote 
initiatives with a positive impact in different areas of people management:
–
A culture and values of connection and inspiration. A team structured around a common goal and guided on a daily 
basis by an inspiring culture. 
–
A winning team that drives the business. Attracting and developing the best talent and fostering a high-performance 
culture based on transparency, empowerment and meritocracy. Inspirational leadership and an agile, well-sized 
organization, with clear and known roles and responsibilities. 
–
A work environment that fosters development. An open and flexible environment, with a focus on employee well-being, 
inclusive and diverse, where everyone can grow personally and professionally.
In 2024, the Group achieved an excellent result in the employee engagement survey, exceeding the target set for 2024 and improving 
on the 2023 result (4.46 and 78th percentile in 2024 improving on 4.43 and 76th percentile in 2023).
BBVA remains firm in its commitment to inclusion and diversity as a source of value creation, as demonstrated by the positive 
evolution of the percentage of women in management positions (35.4% as of December 2024 compared to 34.7% in 2023), in 
line with the goal set for 2024 of 35% women in management positions. Specific initiatives have also been launched for other types of 
diversity, which have enabled, for example, a 17% increase in the number of people with disabilities hired by the Group.
During 2024, training in key skills such as sustainability, cybersecurity, artificial intelligence and data continued to be promoted.
Data and technology
Data and technology are clear accelerators of the strategy. The commitment to developing advanced data analysis capabilities, 
such as artificial intelligence, together with secure and reliable technology, allows for the creation of differential solutions that help 
generate competitive advantages.
The responsible use of data and new technologies also allows for increasingly global and reusable solutions and processes across 
different geographies, reducing the unit cost of processing.
Data and Artificial Intelligence
BBVA is a data-driven company in which the quality and advanced integration of data, together with artificial intelligence, are key 
accelerators for achieving a positive differential impact on the lives of customers, as pursued by BBVA's Purpose.
The BBVA Group has a team of nearly 6,700 data scientists, specialists and engineers dedicated to developing this unique value 
proposition.
During 2024, the Group's firm commitment to promoting the use of analytical models in end-to-end solutions across the Group and 
business areas reflected in a 52% growth in projects compared to 2023.
BBVA's data strategy is based on the following pillars:
–
The availability of quality data is critical for building a differentiated and personalized proposition that allows for better 
decisions to be made in the areas of business, risk and finance. During 2024, the focus has been on:
•
Delivering the main regulatory processes has made it possible to ensure regulatory compliance and improve the 
quality of this data for decision-making.
•
Launch strategic initiatives that ensure the availability of quality data and appropriate governance, as well as the 
renewal of the Group's most critical processes.
–
The use of advanced analytical models enables the enrichment of business solutions and products, as well as the 
improvement of risk decisions. The promotion of these projects enables the creation of value impacts for the Group.
–
Harnessing the potential of artificial intelligence (including generative intelligence) to enhance the value proposition 
and transform the customer relationship model, optimize BBVA's operations and processes, and increase employee 
innovation, efficiency and productivity. Several significant advances have been made in this area.
•
Signing an agreement with OpenAI for the use of some 3,000 Chat GTP licenses that were distributed throughout 
the organization, allowing the different teams to train and explore the power of these capabilities.
•
Developing a first set of projects that use this technology, which allowed for the delivery of the first disruptive use 
cases in 2024 (for example, a conversational assistant and hyper-personalization of services in the App).
Consolidated Management Report BBVA in brief
16
This English version is a translation of the original in Spanish for information purposes only. In case of a discrepancy, the Spanish original will prevail.

Technology
Technology is a key element in enabling BBVA's transformation strategy. The goal is to create differentiated solutions for 
customers while executing operations in the most reliable, secure and efficient way possible, using the most advanced technological 
capabilities.
During 2024, investment and work on infrastructure resilience has continued as a fundamental pillar, with a significant reduction in 
the number of relevant incidents and a shorter recovery time from them, which has resulted in better service levels for customers.
With regard to the protection of the Group and its customers, BBVA has continued to enhance its cyber threat detection and 
protection capabilities in an increasingly complex environment with greater exposure to cyberattacks. In addition, BBVA has managed 
to improve its fraud and Anti Money Laundering (AML) detection capabilities after the creation of the Financial Crime Prevention unit 
to achieve synergies between fraud and money laundering prevention.
Likewise, throughout 2024, the banking platform has continued to evolve, transforming Core Banking to be able to build banking 
functionality more quickly and efficiently, and accelerating the technological transformation of digital channels globally to guarantee 
the best experience for customers. In addition, the construction of the data platform in the public cloud has been completed, which 
will allow BBVA to increase its capacity to generate advanced analytics, using the most modern technologies and with higher levels of 
resilience.
On the other hand, the migration of transactions to more efficient technologies has continued. In 2024, transactions processed using 
more efficient technologies8 already represent around 60% of the total in Spain, Mexico, Peru, Colombia and Argentina, which is 
allowing the increase in transactions to be efficiently absorbed while maintaining stable processing costs.
The software development function has also continued to be transformed, with initiatives such as 'ONE', which has enabled more than 
18,000 software engineers to work in a more collaborative and coordinated manner, sharing the Group's and industry's best practices 
to create solutions best suited to customer needs. The incorporation of generative artificial intelligence capabilities is also 
contributing to improved team productivity and the quality of solutions.
Thanks to this commitment to cutting-edge technologies, BBVA continues to be a benchmark within the industry in technological 
capabilities, always adapted to the needs of its customers.
Consolidated Management Report BBVA in brief
17
This English version is a translation of the original in Spanish for information purposes only. In case of a discrepancy, the Spanish original will prevail.
8 Considering only transactions processed in BBVA Group's global data centers: 71% in Peru, 67% in Spain, 61% in Colombia, 57% in Mexico and 30% in Argentina. Transactions 
in Turkey are processed locally, 54% of them using low-cost technologies.

Consolidated 
Non-financial 
Information 
Statement
1. General information
1.1 Introduction
1.2 Double materiality analysis
1.3 Sustainability strategy
1.4 Sustainability governance model
2. Environmental information
2.1 Climate change
2.2 Natural capital
3. Social information
3.1 Own workforce
3.2 Consumers and end users
3.3 Contribution to society
4. Information on governance
4.1 Business conduct
4.2 Suppliers
4.3 Fiscal contribution and transparency
5. Complementary information to the Consolidated Non-financial Information Statement
5.1 Transition plan equivalency table
5.2 ISSB equivalency table
5.3 Table of contents of the Principles for Responsible Banking UNEP-FI
6. Appendices to the Consolidated Non-financial Information Statement
6.1 Table of contents of Law 11/2018
6.2 Table of contents of Law 7/2021
6.3 Tables of contents of the ESRS
6.4 Tables relating to Article 8 of the European Taxonomy
Consolidated Management Report Consolidated Non-financial Information Statement
18
This English version is a translation of the original in Spanish for information purposes only. In case of a discrepancy, the Spanish original will prevail.

1.General information
1.1 Introduction
1.1.1 General basis for the preparation of the Consolidated Non-financial Information Statement
1.1.2 Information regarding specific circumstances
1.2 Double materiality analysis
1.2.1 Results and determination of materiality
1.2.2 Methodology
1.3 Sustainability strategy
1.3.1 Strategy and objectives
1.3.2 Evolution of sustainable business channeling
1.4 Sustainability governance model
1.4.1 Sustainability governance
1.4.2 ESG assessment and monitoring of customers
1.4.3 Human rights due diligence
1.4.4 Internal Control over the Consolidated Non-Financial Information Statement
Consolidated Management Report Consolidated Non-financial Information Statement
19
This English version is a translation of the original in Spanish for information purposes only. In case of a discrepancy, the Spanish original will prevail.

1.1
Introduction
1.1.1 General basis for the preparation of the Consolidated Non-
Financial Information Statement
Legal Framework
Banco Bilbao Vizcaya Argentaria, S.A. is the parent company of a group of subsidiaries, joint ventures, and associates engaged in 
various activities and which, together with the parent company, constitute the BBVA Group (hereinafter, “BBVA”, “Group”, or “BBVA 
Group”).
In accordance with the provisions of the Commercial Code and the Capital Companies Act, the BBVA Group has prepared this 
Consolidated Non-Financial Information Statement (hereinafter, the “NFIS”), which includes, among other matters, the information 
necessary to understand the evolution, results, and position of the Group, as well as the impact of its activity with regard to 
environmental and social issues, respect for human rights, and the fight against corruption and bribery, in addition to matters relating 
to personnel.
The BBVA Group's NFIS has been prepared in accordance with the regulatory framework in force in Spain as of December 31, 2024, 
specifically; Law 11/2018 on non-financial information, Law 7/2021 on climate change, as well as the regulation relating to the 
European Taxonomy (Regulation (EU) 2020/852 and Commission delegated regulations 2021/2139 and 2021/2178 as amended by 
Delegated Regulations (EU) 2022/1214, 2023/2485 and 2023/2486).
It should also be noted that a new regulatory framework regarding the publication of corporate sustainability information has come 
into force in the European Union: Directive 2013/34/EU, as amended by Directive (EU) 2022/2464 (hereinafter, the “CSRD”), and 
Delegated Regulation (EU) 2023/2772, which specifically develops the common standards for sustainability reporting (hereinafter, 
ESRS - European Sustainability Reporting Standards). The CSRD had not been transposed into Spanish law as of December 31, 2024.
In the absence of transposition of the European directive, the National Securities Market Commission (CNMV) and the Institute of 
Accounting and Auditing of Accounts (ICAC) issued a joint statement recommending that sustainability information for the year 2024 
should be published in accordance with the CSRD and the ESRS, additionally including certain disclosure required by Law 11/2018 
that are not expressly contemplated by the ESRS. This disclosure focuses primarily on the areas of:
–
Certain employee-related information
–
Contribution to society and contributions to foundations and non-profit entities
–
Suppliers
–
Fiscal contribution and transparency
In light of the above, BBVA publishes non-financial information by considering the regulatory framework in force in Spain as of 
December 31, 2024, using the new ESRS regulatory framework as a reference.
In the “Appendices to the Consolidated Non-Financial Information Statement” section of this report, tables pertaining to the 
requirements of Law 11/2018, Law 7/2021, and the information contained in the ESRS are included, with references to each of the 
sections of this NFIS where the information is located.
The information contained in the NFIS has been subject to a limited review by Ernst & Young Auditores, S. L., in its capacity as an 
independent verification services provider, with the scope indicated in its Verification Report which is included in the Appendix of this 
Management Report.
Unless otherwise indicated, references in this NFIS to other documents, including, but not limited to, other reports and websites, 
including that of BBVA, are for informational purposes only. The contents of such other documents or websites are not incorporated 
by reference into this NFIS, nor should they be considered part of it for any purpose.
Consolidation Perimeter
The scope of consolidation used for the purposes of this NFIS is the same as that used as a basis for preparing the financial 
statements9. However, in those cases in which the scope of the information disclosed in the NFIS differs from the previous scope, it is 
specifically detailed. Certain companies that are consolidated in the Group individually comply either with the criteria established by 
Law 11/2018 or by European and local regulations and are included within their scope of application. However, these companies may 
be exempt from preparing and submitting individual reports of this nature as they are included in this NFIS.
Consolidated Management Report Consolidated Non-financial Information Statement
20
This English version is a translation of the original in Spanish for information purposes only. In case of a discrepancy, the Spanish original will prevail.
9 For more information on the subsidiaries that make up the Group, see Annex I of the BBVA Group Consolidated Annual Accounts.

BBVA Group´s Value Chain
The ESRS consider that the scope of sustainability information extends beyond an entity’s own operations and encompasses material 
impacts, risks, and opportunities throughout its value chain. This value chain comprises the activities, resources, and relationships 
that the entity employs and relies upon when defining its products or services, ranging from conception through to delivery, 
consumption, and end of life, across all the geographies in which it operates.
With the aim of identifying and determining the scope of the sustainability information pertaining to its value chain and the 
stakeholders within it, the BBVA Group has analyzed various sources of information, including, among others:
–
Sustainability related objectives and how they may affect stakeholders within the value chain
–
Business model and identification of key dependencies in terms of products or services
–
Markets and customer segments
–
Main stakeholder groups with which it interacts, as well as the identification of impacts, risks, and opportunities that could 
arise from such interaction
–
Number of employees and their geographical distribution
As a result of this analysis, the BBVA Group’s value chain has been categorized into three elements or phases: upstream, which 
includes supply chain providers; own operations, which primarily comprises employees and the Group’s own real estate assets; and 
downstream, referring to the Group’s banking, insurance, and asset management customers, both retail and corporate.
Upstream
This phase includes entities that supply resources and provide services necessary for the development of the Group's activity.
It primarily involves relationships with suppliers and partners for technology, information systems, legal or consultancy services, 
general supplies, among others. In line with sustainability criteria, regulatory compliance, information security, and respect for human 
rights, and prior to establishing a commercial relationship, BBVA evaluates its suppliers in order to foster responsible management.
Own Operations
This encompasses BBVA’s own assets and internal processes that enable it to provide financial solutions, from product design and 
development to risk management. It also covers all BBVA Group companies and their employees.
Downstream
This refers to the phase in which BBVA markets and distributes its products and services to customers, as well as the monitoring of 
the effects those products and services generate in the broader environment. In this regard, the Group identifies customers in its 
three main business segments, banking, insurance, and asset management, as the stakeholders involved in this phase of the value 
chain.
The ESRS only require the disclosure of information related to the value chain that is material. As a result of the double materiality 
analysis, described later, no material impacts, risks, and/or opportunities exclusively associated with insurance and asset 
management activities have been identified. Consequently, no specific policies, actions, objectives, or metrics covering these 
activities are disclosed beyond those that inherently encompass them. For further information, see the chapter on “Double Materiality 
Analysis”.
Consolidated Management Report Consolidated Non-financial Information Statement
21
This English version is a translation of the original in Spanish for information purposes only. In case of a discrepancy, the Spanish original will prevail.

Other relevant aspects
BBVA discloses non-financial information in line with the regulatory framework in force in Spain as at December 31, 2024, using the 
new framework established by the ESRS for reference. In preparing this report, certain confidential or potentially sensitive 
information—whose non-disclosure is permitted by the ESRS in certain cases, has not been included10. The BBVA Group has not 
withheld any disclosure regarding imminent events or matters under negotiation.
BBVA, in accordance with the provisions of the ESRS, incorporates transition periods for some information requirements. Below is a 
non-exhaustive list:
–
The identification and disclosure of certain quantitative aspects relating to the value chain;
–
The anticipated financial effects concerning the material impacts, risks, and opportunities identified in the double 
materiality analysis (see the “Double Materiality Analysis” section);
–
The financial effects related to revenue derived from activities affected by physical and transition risks;
–
Specific characteristics of non-salaried workers;
–
Information concerning public or private protection programs for salaried workers against possible loss of income under 
various circumstances.
With regard to time horizons, it should be noted that BBVA, making use of the provisions in the ESRS11, employs a proprietary 
definition of time horizons that is aligned with its internal management processes.
In the “Complementary information to the Consolidated Non-financial Information Statement” section of this report, BBVA includes 
tables of equivalences and/or content references to other sustainability standards and frameworks, among others, Responsible 
Banking Principles UNEP-FI. Although these do not form part of the applicable legal framework, BBVA has deemed them relevant to 
include.
From January 1, 2025 until the date of preparation of this Consolidated Non-Financial Information Statement, no additional 
subsequent events have occurred, other than those mentioned in the Consolidated Financial Statements, that could significantly 
affect the information contained in this report.
1.1.2 Information regarding specific circumstances
Changes in the preparation and presentation of sustainability information
For the preparation and presentation of the sustainability information for 2024, the Group has implemented the following main 
changes compared to the 2023 financial year:
–
Disclosure standard used to comply with the requirements of Law 11/2018: BBVA complies with the requirements of Law 
11/2018 taking as reference the ESRS, unlike in 2023 where compliance was based on the GRI12 framework.
–
Decarbonization targets: In 2024, BBVA has published new decarbonization targets for three additional sectors, aluminum 
and residential and commercial real estate in Spain (for more information, see the chapter “Climate Change” in the 
“Environmental Information” section).
–
Scope 3 emissions: The measurement boundary for the published Scope 3 emissions has been expanded (for more 
information, see the “Climate Change” section within “Environmental Information”).
–
Gender Pay Gap: The information required by Law 11/2018 to calculate the pay gap has been supplemented with the gender 
pay gap required by the ESRS (for more information, see the “Own Workforce” chapter in the “Social Information” section).
This report includes comparative information except in those cases where the information required by the ESRS was not disclosed in 
prior periods.
No material errors from previous periods have been identified, nor have data been recalculated beyond what is expressly mentioned 
in this report.
Estimates subject to uncertainty and indirect estimates
In preparing the Consolidated Non-Financial Information Statement (NFIS), a series of estimates and assumptions has been made in 
various areas, and both external and internal data measurement, collection, and verification practices and methodologies have been 
used. Many of these are still under development. A non-exhaustive overview is provided below:
–
Calculation of emissions.
–
Establishment and monitoring of transition objectives for portfolio alignment.
–
Estimation of the potential impacts of climate and environmental risks, as well as social and governance risks.
These estimates have been made using the best information available as at December 31, 2024. The Group is pursuing various work 
streams to enhance the accuracy and reliability of the data. Nevertheless, it is important to recognize that future events may 
necessitate adjustments to these estimates. In this regard, it should be noted that, during the 2024 financial year, no significant 
changes have been made to the estimates from previous years.
Consolidated Management Report Consolidated Non-financial Information Statement
22
This English version is a translation of the original in Spanish for information purposes only. In case of a discrepancy, the Spanish original will prevail.
10  Information corresponding to the management of resources regarding own employees and consumers and end users referred to in the ESRS S1-4.37, S4-4.30, as well as the 
information required by the ESRS E1-8 63, has been considered confidential or sensitive.
11 ESRS 1, section 6.4, paragraph 80
12 GRI: Global Reporting Framework

1.2 Double materiality analysis
Sustainability is a strategic pillar for the Group, generating impacts on society and the environment, while safeguarding its 
competitiveness and financial results.
The Group has previously identified its sustainability-related matters based on international reference standards and best practices.
In 2024, the double materiality analysis process has been updated to incorporate the principles of the CSRD and ESRS, as well as the 
implementation guide for the assessment of materiality issued by the European Financial Reporting Advisory Group (EFRAG).
The double materiality principle incorporated in the CSRD and ESRS means that a subtopic is classified as material if it has a 
significant impact on people or the environment (impact materiality), if it significantly affects the financial position of the entity 
(financial materiality), or for both reasons. This approach takes into account the nature of the Group's operations, key business 
relationships, geographical distribution, and other relevant factors identified through analysis exercises conducted in previous years.
The main new features include the consideration of the impacts, risks and opportunities (hereinafter, IROs) defined for the 
subtopics identified by the ESRS, including those related to the value chain (see the section “General basis for the preparation of the 
Consolidated Non-Financial Information Statement”).
Subtopics for which a material impact, risk or opportunity has been identified are disclosed in this report and, in turn, form part of one 
of the general topics identified in the ESRS.
Finally, the double materiality analysis must be understood as a dynamic process, subject to periodic reviews and adjustments as the 
entity's needs, strategic priorities, market conditions, dialogue with stakeholders, availability of new tools, adoption of emerging 
technologies and regulatory changes, among other factors, evolve.
Integrating the double materiality analysis into the strategy
The results of the double materiality analysis are related to the definition of the Group's strategy, as well as being consistent with 
various internal exercises to assess climate risks, non-financial or reputational risks. They also reflect the growing activity around 
sustainable business channeling, advances in digitalization and best practices developed in the field of business conduct.
The results of the double materiality analysis corresponding to the general topics of the ESRS are summarized below, distinguishing 
between material topics (exceeding the established threshold), relevant topics (close to the threshold), and non-material topics 
(below the established threshold). This summary at topical level groups the IROs identified for each of the subtopics established by 
the standard and which are detailed below.
DOUBLE MATERIALITY ANALYSIS - RESULTS (BBVA GROUP. 2024)
Impact materiality
Financial Materiality
Final results
Negative 
Impact
Positive 
Impact
Risk
Opportunities
Total
MATERIAL
Climate change
Own workforce
Consumers and end-users
Business conduct
NOT MATERIAL
Pollution
Water and marine resources
Biodiversity and ecosystems
Use of resources and circular economy
Workers in the value chain
Affected communities
Material
Relevant
Not material
Consolidated Management Report Consolidated Non-financial Information Statement
23
This English version is a translation of the original in Spanish for information purposes only. In case of a discrepancy, the Spanish original will prevail.

1.2.1 Results and determination of materiality
BBVA has identified material impacts, risks and opportunities in several sub-topics, which in turn correspond to four general topics:
1.
Climate change
2.
Own workforce
3.
Consumers and end-users, and
4.
Business conduct
Material IROs linked to climate change and customers and end users are mainly concentrated in the downstream phase of the value 
chain, while those related to business conduct and employees originate in the Group's own operations phase.
To carry out the analysis, specific aspects have been considered for each topic analyzed, including the internal and external factors 
affecting them, as well as specific criteria and tools, as described later in the methodology section.
In adapting to the ESRS, whose subtopics are precisely defined, information pertaining to inclusive growth, which had been identified 
as a material topic in previous years, has been integrated transversally within strategies targeting the Group’s own workforce and 
consumers and end users. This maintains its importance in the sustainability agenda, as well as in enhancing access to financial 
services, where digitalization remains a key tool
For each general topic, the list of material IROs corresponding to each subtopic, the key methodological elements supporting the 
conclusions, and a brief explanation of the actions taken are provided below, aspects that are developed further in the corresponding 
chapters of this report.
Climate change
Climate change is material for BBVA because it has significant effects both on the environment and on its own operations. This 
consideration aligns with BBVA's strategy, which integrates climate action as one of its fundamental pillars to guide decision-making 
and the development of financial solutions.
To determine the materiality of IROs related to climate change, BBVA has analyzed its greenhouse gas emissions and assessed the 
physical and transition risks that could affect both its assets and financing activities.
Specifically, the analysis considered how extreme climate events (e.g., floods or droughts) may impact the Group’s portfolio, as well 
as how climate-related factors (emerging regulations, changes in demand for specific sectors, etc.) might influence the entity’s main 
risk categories (credit, market, and operational). To this end, BBVA’s Risk Assessment exercise in force at the time of the evaluation 
was used, incorporating various climate scenarios (including RCP 7.013 and NGFS14) across different time horizons for its portfolio.
The key role of banks, and BBVA in particular, in financing the transition to a decarbonized economy has been considered. The 
channeling of sustainable business related to climate change already has an immediate impact, although it could potentially generate 
greater opportunities in the short term. On the other hand, the emissions generated by the companies currently financed by the 
Group are already having impacts that require immediate management measures to meet the objectives of the Paris Agreement.
Below is a breakdown of the material IROs for the general topic of Climate Change, grouped by the subtopics of Climate Change 
Mitigation, Climate Change Adaptation and Energy (energy transition). It Includes the assessment of impacts, as well as the risks and 
opportunities deemed material, identifying whether the greatest evaluated effect is currently occurring or is considered potential 
within a specific time horizon:
Consolidated Management Report Consolidated Non-financial Information Statement
24
This English version is a translation of the original in Spanish for information purposes only. In case of a discrepancy, the Spanish original will prevail.
13 RCP (Representative Concentration Pathway) 7.0. Refers to the emissions scenario established by the IPCC (Intergovernmental Panel on Climate Change) with respect to pre-
industrial levels.
14 NGFS (Network for Greening the Financial System). This is a network of central banks and supervisors created to strengthen the management of climate and environmental 
risks in the financial sector, and to promote the transition towards a sustainable economy.

Subtopic
IRO Description
I/R/O
Actual / 
Potential
Time 
horizon (1)
Climate change 
mitigation
Reduction of emissions associated with increased demand for sustainable 
financial services
Positive Impact
Actual
-
Increase in GHG emissions from the portfolio due to the financing of 
companies, sectors or operations with high emissions or without transition 
strategies, which put at risk the decarbonization objectives set by the Paris 
Agreement
Negative Impact
Actual
-
Growth in demand for new or existing sustainable financial products, which 
increases customer base and revenue
Opportunity
Actual
-
Channeling sustainable business towards activities and customers linked 
to decarbonization
Opportunity
Potential
Short term
Climate change 
adaptation
Contributing to the adaptation of customers to the effects of climate 
change by channeling sustainable business, facilitating their resilience to 
the effects
Positive Impact
Potential
Short term
Financial Risk arising from financing customers affected by changes in 
legislation, the market, technology and consumer preferences; linked to 
the transition to a low-carbon economy (transition risk)
Risk
Potential
Long Term
Energy
Contributing to customers' transition towards more sustainable and 
efficient energy systems
Positive Impact
Actual
-
Channeling sustainable business into activities related to energy efficiency, 
transition and innovation
Opportunity
Potential
Short term
(1) Time horizons: Short term: Up to 1 year / Medium term: From the end of the first year up to four years / Long term: More than four years.
As a result of the assessment, climate change has been established as a key material topic for BBVA. While sectors with high 
emissions (such as energy, construction, transportation, etc.) may be affected by extreme weather events and stringent regulations, 
the transition to a low-carbon economy also represents a business opportunity for the Group. Through innovation in financial 
services, BBVA can promote decarbonization and enhance the resilience of its customers, generating value for both society and the 
Group.
Furthermore, the global effort to combat climate change is insufficient if the challenge associated with natural capital is not addressed 
at the same time. It is essential for companies’ decarbonization processes to also reflect their dependencies and impacts on nature 
and biodiversity, while considering the principles of a just transition. The fight against climate change and the preservation of healthy 
ecosystems are deeply interconnected challenges: global warming directly affects ecosystems, contributing, for instance, to their 
degradation and loss, and vice versa.
During 2024, the Group has advanced in areas related to natural capital, identifying risks and opportunities that, although relevant, 
currently do not reach the same level of materiality as those related to climate change. In some cases, when these two aspects 
converge or overlap, climate change management is prioritized over natural capital. 
In this report, under the “Environmental Information” section, the “Natural capital” chapter has been included, which discusses the 
analysis undertaken to determine its materiality, as well as the progress the Group has made in managing its related risks and in 
identifying opportunities.
Own workforce
BBVA recognizes the importance of people as a fundamental pillar of its corporate strategy. The commitment to creating a positive 
and motivating work environment is material because employees contribute directly to achieving business objectives, enhancing 
customer service quality, and consolidating the corporate culture.
To determine the IROs associated with own workforce management, key factors such as working conditions, remuneration policies, 
and equal opportunities have been analyzed. This approach incorporates both the dimension of impact materiality (the effects that 
BBVA's workforce management can have on society and on employees themselves) and financial materiality (the risks or 
opportunities that employee satisfaction and well-being present for the Group's overall performance).
Consolidated Management Report Consolidated Non-financial Information Statement
25
This English version is a translation of the original in Spanish for information purposes only. In case of a discrepancy, the Spanish original will prevail.

Below is a table that includes the material IROs for the topic of own workforce:
Subtopic
IRO Description
I/R/O
Actual / 
Potential
Time horizon (1)
Working 
Conditions
Generation and adoption of a robust corporate culture by employees, 
which ensures the achievement of our purpose
Positive impact
Potential
Short term
Increased employee satisfaction and productivity generated by quality 
job offers and competitive remuneration
Positive impact
Potential
Short term
Equal treatment 
and opportunities 
for all
Promoting and supporting equal opportunities among employees
Positive impact
Potential
Short term
(1) Time horizons: Short term: Up to 1 year / Medium term: From the end of the first year up to four years / Long term: More than four years.
Each of these IROs is considered potential in the short term, as the benefits and improvements derived from the policies and 
programs implemented can be observed progressively. They are considered material for BBVA because they impact the ability to 
attract and retain talent, the quality of the service offered to customers, and the entity's resilience to changes in the labor market.
The Group addresses these aspects in its strategy and operations, reflecting a commitment to continuous improvement and the 
strengthening of its human resources. To this end, an inclusive and diverse environment is fostered, professional development 
programs are promoted, and public monitoring indicators are maintained. These measures are aligned with the corporate values that 
support the Group's Purpose.
This information is further detailed in the “Own workforce” chapter.
Consumers and end users
Consumers and end users are a fundamental part of the Group activity. Their satisfaction and financial security have a direct impact 
on the Group`s performance and reputation. This general topic is material and is recognized in BBVA's strategy, based on caring for 
people, digital transformation and commitment to the environment. In this way, the relationship with the customer transcends formal 
requirements to become a key factor in growth and competitive differentiation.
To assess the IROs related to consumers and end users, BBVA takes into account the accessibility and adaptability of its products 
and services, the protection of personal data, transparency in commercial interactions and cybersecurity. These aspects, which 
respond to the Group's strategy, allow it to expand its customer base, strengthen its financial health and increase transactionality 
through digitalization and innovation.
These areas are supported by various corporate policies (for example, privacy and cybersecurity protocols, customer claim channels, 
etc.), as well as key indicators such as the Net Promoter Score (NPS) that cover current factors, already tangible. With this, BBVA 
continuously monitors customer satisfaction, the adoption of digital solutions and the quality of the commercial relationship, allowing 
for agile adjustments in the offer of products and services.
Consolidated Management Report Consolidated Non-financial Information Statement
26
This English version is a translation of the original in Spanish for information purposes only. In case of a discrepancy, the Spanish original will prevail.

Below is a table illustrating the IROs identified as material for this topic, differentiating between current and potential IROs, and briefly 
describing why each is relevant:
Subtopic
IRO Description
I/R/O
Actual / 
Potential
Time 
horizon (1)
Information-
related incidents
Design and implement procedures and actions related to cybersecurity 
that safeguard customers' finances (2).
Positive Impact
Actual
-
Identify risks in the processing of personal data to prevent and manage 
security incidents
Positive Impact
Actual
-
Promoting customer education and awareness on sustainability issues
Positive Impact
Actual
-
Strengthening stakeholder trust through greater transparency in the 
management of personal data
Positive Impact
Actual
-
Strengthening the protection of customer data through mechanisms that 
guarantee the control and exercise of their rights
Positive Impact
Actual
-
Reduction in customer satisfaction linked to the use of data in information 
and awareness campaigns
Risk
Actual
-
Risk of lack of trust resulting from insufficient transparency regarding 
products and services offered
Risk
Actual
-
Risk of legal sanctions and costs associated with corrective measures for 
non-compliance with data protection regulations
Risk
Actual
-
Risk of security incidents due to incorrect identification of risks related to 
personal data (breaches of confidentiality, integrity, availability)
Risk
Potential
Short Term
Risk of loss of credibility and reputation in the market if the Group does not 
guarantee transparency in the processing of personal data, engages in 
improper use, does not provide adequate control mechanisms or limits the 
exercise of rights of stakeholders
Risk
Potential
Short Term
Risk of loss of customer confidence resulting from cyber attacks and 
security breaches (2)
Risk
Potential
Short Term
Risk of reduced competitiveness and income due to failures in information 
systems or cyber attacks (2)
Risk
Potential
Medium Term
Operational risk associated with high dependence on IT providers in the 
event of possible security incidents
Risk
Potential
Medium Term
Incidents related 
to information 
and personal 
security
Risk of customer fraud occurring due to lack of knowledge in cybersecurity, 
negatively impacting their finances and generating a potential risk of 
customer loss
Risk
Actual
-
Social inclusion
Increased accessibility and convenience of financial services through 
digitalization
Positive Impact
Actual
-
Growth in the number of customers, improvement in their customer's 
loyalty and increase in their transactionality, through innovation and the 
development of digital products and services
Opportunity
Actual
-
(1) Time horizons: Short term: Up to 1 year / Medium term: From the end of the first year up to four years / Long term: More than four years.
(2) For the purposes of presentation in this report and for its management at BBVA, the positive impact and risks identified in the area of cybersecurity are assigned to 
the thematic standard of "Consumers and end users".
The relationship with consumers and end users is at the heart of BBVA's business model. Promoting digitalization and financial 
inclusion not only strengthens the customer base but also fosters responsible and transparent management, aligned with the 
corporate strategy.
To delve deeper into these aspects, detailed information is provided in the "Consumers and end users” chapter, which outlines 
BBVA’s main action plans, initiatives, and results in this area.
Consolidated Management Report Consolidated Non-financial Information Statement
27
This English version is a translation of the original in Spanish for information purposes only. In case of a discrepancy, the Spanish original will prevail.

Business Conduct
The Group has identified IROs related to business conduct by considering the sector to which it belongs, as well as other factors such 
as it geographical presence, the type of activity (e.g., financing), and the structure of business transactions, such as direct banking 
services to consumers or transactions between companies.
The following table shows the material IROs for the business conduct topic:
Subtopic
IRO Description
I/R/O
Actual / 
Potential
Time 
horizon (1)
Corruption and 
Bribery
Contribution to socio-economic well-being through measures to prevent 
money laundering and terrorist financing, aligned with the principles of 
good corporate governance (2)
Positive Impact
Actual
-
Risk of legal sanctions, litigation and reputational damage associated with 
unethical practices, such as corruption, fraud or bribery
Risk
Potential
Medium 
Term
Corporate 
Culture
Risk of legal or regulatory sanctions, significant financial or reputational 
losses (2) that BBVA may suffer as a result of:
(i) non-compliance with applicable internal or external legislation and 
regulations regarding the prevention of money laundering and the 
financing of terrorism or
(ii) the use of BBVA products and services for illicit purposes related to 
money laundering and/or terrorist financing.
Risk of legal sanctions, financial losses and reputational damage due to 
non-compliance with regulations or misuse of BBVA products and services 
for illegal activities related to money laundering and terrorist financing
Risk
Actual
-
Protection of 
Whistleblowers
Risk of legal penalties, litigation and reputational damage associated with 
inadequate or inaccessible claim mechanisms
Risk
Potential
Medium 
Term
(1) Time horizons: Short term: Up to 1 year / Medium term: From the end of the first year up to four years / Long term: More than four years.
(2) For the purposes of presentation in this report and for its management at BBVA, the positive impact and risks identified in the area of money laundering and terrorist 
financing are assigned to the thematic standard of "Business Conduct".
BBVA's strategy and operations incorporate the concepts of integrity and business ethics through the reinforcement of control 
mechanisms, including policies and measures adopted to ensure the protection of whistleblowers, as well as the management of 
reputational and regulatory risks associated with corruption, bribery, and money laundering.
This information is further detailed in the “Business conduct” chapter.
1.2.2 Methodology
The BBVA Group's 2024 double materiality analysis is based on a review of the results of previous years and on the most accurate 
and up-to-date information available, integrating tools, standards and processes that are both internal and market benchmarks. This 
approach allows the development and evolution of the exercise to be aligned and consistent with the Group's strategy, the needs 
of stakeholders and to comply with regulatory provisions. 
The applied methodology has been structured into three phases: context analysis, identification and definition of IROs, and their 
subsequent evaluation.
During this process, the heads of each area actively participated, contributing with their expertise both in the identification, definition 
and evaluation of the IROs. This multidisciplinary approach provided a comprehensive view that covers all business segments and 
phases of the defined value chain.
The process has been developed taking into account the control and governance mechanisms established by the Group, including the 
management and supervisory bodies. For more information, see the section "Sustainability Governance".
Phase A: Context analysis
In the 2024 exercise, the context analysis has been reinforced to enhance the identification of potential material topics for the Group, 
deepening the information, processes, and tools, both internal and external, used in previous years. This approach includes updating 
these resources, providing a comprehensive perspective that ensures alignment with the subtopics defined by the ESRS.
Internal documentation considered includes key policies, such as the general sustainability policy and those related to employees, 
suppliers, and corporate governance, reflecting the Group’s commitment to responsible management. Externally, information from 
regulators and supervisory entities has been reviewed, incorporating essential regulations, such as the Climate Change Law and 
various European guidelines, aligning the regulatory framework with sustainability objectives. Regarding analysts and investors, the 
topics evaluated by leading ESG rating agencies15 were considered, ensuring coherence with market expectations and benchmarking 
against key industry peers.
Consolidated Management Report Consolidated Non-financial Information Statement
28
This English version is a translation of the original in Spanish for information purposes only. In case of a discrepancy, the Spanish original will prevail.
15  i.e. MSCI y Sustainalytics.

On the environmental front, a broad set of publications on biodiversity, climate change, and deforestation has been integrated to 
strengthen the analysis of environmental impacts. Finally, market standards such as GRI and SASB16 have been taken into account, 
ensuring an integrated perspective aligned with the Group’s strategic objectives.
Phase B: Identification and definition of Impacts, Risks and Opportunities (IROs)
Building on the findings of the context analysis and the previous double materiality exercise, BBVA has incorporated specialized tools 
and information sources to ensure a structured approach aligned with market best practices.
Among these tools is the UNEP-FI Impact Tool, used to identify sectoral and geographic impacts from the Group’s credit portfolios, 
and human rights due diligence, which facilitates the identification of human rights-related impacts. The findings of the Climate 
Change Risk Assessment in effect at the time of evaluation and the Reputational and Non-Financial Risk matrices have also been 
considered, providing a comprehensive perspective in risk evaluation. Finally, BBVA has drawn on sector-specific standards such as 
those established by SASB and the guidelines of the European Banking Authority (EBA), which have supplied additional criteria for 
identifying and managing risks and opportunities relevant to the financial sector.
In this regard, BBVA applies a perspective that acknowledges and addresses the interdependencies among IROs, for example, those 
tied to investments in carbon-intensive sectors. Such investments can lead to greenhouse gas emissions as well as financial risks 
associated with the transition to a low-carbon economy. 
Once identified, IROs were defined and classified based on the following criteria for subsequent evaluation:
–
Actual/Potential: distinguishing between current IROs and those expected in the future;
–
Time Horizons: the time horizons applied in the double materiality analysis are the following;
–
Short-term: Up to 1 year, aligned with financial statements. 
–
Medium term: From the end of the first year to four years
–
Long term: More than four years, adapting time horizons according to internal processes, in accordance with the 
provisions of ESRS 1.
–
Value Chain Phase: classified as upstream, own operations, and downstream.
–
ESRS Subtopic: allocation of each IRO to subtopic categories defined by ESRS.
As previously mentioned, the material IROs identified are concentrated in the downstream phase of the value chain, except for those 
related to corporate conduct and the Bank’s own workforce, which fall under the Group’s own operations phase. 
This classification and analysis have made it possible to identify both positive and negative impacts, as well as associated 
opportunities and risks. The results are discussed in the corresponding sections of this report.
Phase C: Evaluation
Based on the IROs defined and classified in the previous phase, BBVA applied an internal methodology consistent with both the 
Implementation Guidance on Double Materiality Analysis issued by EFRAG and ESRS 1. Each IRO was evaluated using specific tools, 
depending on its characteristics. The results were then standardized and prioritized using a common scale, establishing a threshold 
that reflects the Group’s strategic priorities. This approach takes into account the outcomes of internal risk evaluation exercises, 
including non-financial and reputational risks, reinforces sustainable channeling of business as a pillar of the sustainability strategy, 
and highlights the Group’s commitment to digitalization as a lever to deliver an enhanced customer experience.
Impact materiality assessment
Impact materiality, an inside-out perspective, assesses the positive or negative effects of the Group's activities on its surroundings: 
people, the environment and society. This assessment is organized into two key axes: severity and probability.
Severity is defined through three key factors:
–
Scale: Measures the relevance of the impact, ranging from minimal effects to critical consequences. This approach ensures 
the most disruptive impacts receive priority in decision-making.
–
Scope: Determines the extent of the impact, classifying it according to its geographic or sectoral scope (local, national or 
global).
–
Irremediable Character: Applied exclusively to negative impacts, it assesses the ability to reverse the damage caused. 
Meanwhile, probability means the likelihood that a specific event or condition might occur and have a significant effect on an entity, 
taking into account the time horizons associated with each impact. This dimension is used only for the evaluation of potential impacts, 
measured on a scale ranging from “unlikely” to “almost certain.” In the case of negative impacts, the protection of and respect for 
human rights take precedence. 
Following the ESRS 1 guidelines, BBVA’s applied methodology prioritizes the severity of negative impacts on human rights, regardless 
of their probability of occurrence.
Consolidated Management Report Consolidated Non-financial Information Statement
29
This English version is a translation of the original in Spanish for information purposes only. In case of a discrepancy, the Spanish original will prevail.
16  SASB: Sustainability Accounting Standard Board.

The final assessment of impacts is conducted by quantifying and weighting the aforementioned severity factors (classified into 
positive and negative impacts) and the likelihood of occurrence (considering the time horizon).
Once assessed, those impacts exceeding a specific threshold are deemed material. For current impacts, materiality is assigned to 
those whose severity reaches medium-high or higher. For potential impacts, materiality applies to those combining medium-high 
severity with medium-high.
Financial materiality assessment
Financial materiality involves evaluating the effects that identified risks and opportunities may have on the Group's financial position. 
This analysis, aligned with internationally recognized standards, adopts an "outside-in" approach and considers key factors such as 
growth, operational performance, and access to capital. The methodology used weighs both the likelihood of occurrence and the 
magnitude of the financial effects, based on a set of internal and external tools and information sources. To ensure consistency 
throughout the process, the thresholds established for these elements have been aligned with those of the impact materiality 
analysis.
Among the tools employed is ENCORE (Exploring Natural Capital Opportunities, Risks, and Exposure), which facilitates the 
identification and management of risks related to natural capital by providing information on the dependence and impact of economic 
activities on ecosystem services.
BBVA’s Climate Risk Assessment has enabled the evaluation of how climate and environmental risks could affect traditional risks over 
various time horizons. For the double materiality analysis, the assessment used the outcomes of the risk evaluation that was current 
at the time. Updates to this analysis are detailed in the “Management of risks associated with climate change” section, corroborating 
the preliminary findings.
In the social and governance sphere, BBVA has relied on sector-based standards such as SASB, which provides metrics for assessing 
social and governance risks, particularly in areas related to human capital and corporate ethics.
BBVA has identified growth opportunities through sustainable business channeling and digitalization, in line with its strategic 
priorities. This approach fosters the transition to sustainable economic models, maximizes the long-term value of financial products, 
and contributes to achieving global sustainability objectives. For more information, see chapter "Sustainability Strategy."
The assessment of risks and opportunities has also enabled the analysis of current and potential effects on the Group’s financial 
position through various variables. Sustainable business channeling, along with improved customer accessibility leveraged by 
digitalization, have contributed and will continue to contribute to the Group's financial performance. On the other hand, at present, no 
significant adjustments to the value of its assets, provisions or contingencies related to climate change have been recorded in the 
Group's financial statements, with the exception of the charge to results for an amount of 33 million euros made in the 2024 financial 
year to cover the possible impairment due to credit risk derived from the effects of the DANA that has affected an area of Spain.
Consolidated Management Report Consolidated Non-financial Information Statement
30
This English version is a translation of the original in Spanish for information purposes only. In case of a discrepancy, the Spanish original will prevail.

1.3 Sustainability strategy
Climate change represents one of the greatest challenges in history, carrying extraordinary economic consequences that all 
stakeholders must adapt to. It also affects biodiversity by accelerating the degradation of nature, destroying ecosystems vital to life 
and certain customer activities. Both climate change and biodiversity loss contribute to widening social inequalities.
The transition to a low-carbon economy in harmony with nature is essential. This swift will involve significant investments in value 
chains, productive sectors and key industries, which will also represent a great business opportunity, contributing to inclusive growth.
Technological advancements related to energy efficiency, renewable energy, sustainable mobility, sustainable agriculture, and the 
circular economy are increasing profitability and, therefore, driving exponential adoption. Furthermore, digitalization fosters greater 
financial inclusion, which in turn increases access to banking, stimulates business creation, and generates employment.
1.3.1 Strategy and objectives
BBVA has defined sustainability as one of its six strategic priorities, covering the following three dimensions in the geographies 
where it operates:
–
Climate. Business opportunities related to global warming: electric transport, energy efficiency, renewable energy, etc. For 
more information, see the section “Evolution of sustainable business channeling”.
–
Natural Capital. Business opportunities related to nature: water, land, biodiversity, and waste and pollution. For more 
information, see the section “Evolution of sustainable business channeling” and the chapter “Natural capital”).
–
Inclusive growth. Business opportunities related to inclusive economic growth: inclusive infrastructures, financial 
inclusion, entrepreneurship, job creation, access to basic goods and services. For more information, see the section 
“Evolution of the sustainable business channeling”.
The execution of this strategy is based on the achievement of two main objectives:
(1) Oil & Gas (upstream), Power generation, Auto (manufacturers), Steel (manufacturers), Cement (manufacturers), Coal (thermal coal mining), Aviation (airlines), Shipping 
(operators), Real estate (commercial), Real estate (residential), Aluminum (primary manufacturing).The geographical scope of the real estate sector's (commercial and 
residential) intermediate emissions reduction target for 2030 is Spain. 
(2) Percentage calculated in terms of the volume of loans in the portfolio, which includes both drawn and undrawn financing (such as Loans, unused Revolving Credit Lines, 
Guarantees, ECA lines, among others). Data as of December 2024. Corresponds to high-emission sectors that include Oil & Gas, Power generation, Autos, Steel, Cement, Thermal 
coal mining, Aviation and Aluminum at the BBVA Group level. Customers actively managing their transition are considered to be those classified as “Advanced”, “Robust” or 
“Moderate” according to internal transition assessment tools such as the Transition Risk Indicator (TRi), taking into account their medium-term emissions reduction targets and 
levers for managing said emissions and their committed investments to execute their transition plan.
Consolidated Management Report Consolidated Non-financial Information Statement
31
This English version is a translation of the original in Spanish for information purposes only. In case of a discrepancy, the Spanish original will prevail.

Additionally, in a philanthropic realm, in 2021, BBVA set itself the goal of contributing to society, aiming to invest 550 million euros in 
social programs to benefit 100 million people between 2021 and 2025.
These objectives are implemented globally under the common strategy that applies across the Group. However, the execution of 
these objectives is adapted to the specific needs and circumstances of each country and each entity, due to the characteristics of the 
local context and operations. This allows strategic efforts to be adjusted according to local and corporate priorities, while ensuring 
alignment with the global vision.
To promote the achievement of the objectives, the following are included in BBVA's variable remuneration system:
–
Promoting new business through sustainability:
•
Annual Variable remuneration linked to the promotion of sustainable business for all employees, including 
executive directors and Senior management of BBVA.
•
Incentives linked to sustainable business specific to the commercial network.
–
Achieving net zero emissions: since 2023, long-term variable remuneration has been linked to certain decarbonization 
target (for more information, see the section “Transition plan of BBVA Group”) for members of the collective, including 
executive directors and Senior management of BBVA.
For more information on the inclusion of non-financial indicators in the calculation of the annual variable remuneration, see the 
section “Sustainability governance” within the chapter “Sustainability governance model” and the section “Quality employment and 
competitive remuneration” within the “Own workforce” chapter.
Promoting new business through sustainability
BBVA is promoting the creation of new business around sustainability with three priority areas:
1. Promoting the development of financial solutions and customized proposals for customers to capture 
business opportunities related to sustainability:
–
For wholesale customers (corporate and institutional), sectoral solutions are promoted based on innovation and the 
development of specialized knowledge focused on both the opportunities of the transition towards more sustainable 
production models, as well as on the customer's contribution to inclusive growth.
To promote and identify new opportunities, BBVA maintains a dialogue with customers based on:
•
Sector knowledge of the implementation and execution of sustainability strategies.
•
Specialization in sectors that face the greatest challenges in the transition to a low-carbon economy, through the 
development of roadmaps for each industry, aligned with the Paris Agreement and energy transition objectives.
•
Support in the analysis of the sustainability of the entire value chain of customers (for example, the carbon 
footprint of their suppliers), with the aim of developing strategies that reduce the environmental impact of these 
value chains and increase their resilience.
•
Offering sustainable products or products that promote sustainability (bonds, loans, transactional banking 
activities, etc.) that meet the financial needs of customers and support their transition.
•
Preparation and monitoring of alignment plans with customers. For more information, see the section 
“Transition plan of BBVA Group”.
–
For enterprise customers, the Group promotes simple and scalable solutions that enable potential economic savings, for 
example, in terms of energy efficiency or fleet renewal, as well as helping the customer to contribute to inclusive growth 
through the specific product offering (as, for example, pension plans or health insurance for their employees, etc.).
Additionally, consultation tools have been developed, based on advanced data analytics, that enable a personalized 
dialogue with customers. One example is the carbon footprint calculator, which allows the carbon footprint of a company to 
be inferred with limited data.
Aiming to capture new opportunities, progress has been made in creating teams of product specialists and managers 
across the Group. During 2024, these teams have been extended to the countries of South America and Turkey, while in the 
previous existing ones, in Spain and Mexico, have been strengthened since 2023.
–
For retail customers: customized digital solutions based on data analysis for the mass market, with a focus on energy 
savings at the customers’ household, solutions for their mobility or products for their financial and social inclusion.
Consolidated Management Report Consolidated Non-financial Information Statement
32
This English version is a translation of the original in Spanish for information purposes only. In case of a discrepancy, the Spanish original will prevail.

Digital solutions accompany the customer throughout the entire process: from decision-making to contracting, through 
strategic alliances with third parties. Highlights include:
•
Promoting sustainable mobility: financing electric and plug-in hybrid cars, through the agreement with the 
employers' association that integrates the vehicle dealer associations and the dealers.
•
Promoting solar self-consumption and developing energy saving projects in the main geographical areas where 
BBVA is present. To this end, alliances have been made with solar panel installation companies in Mexico, Spain, 
Argentina and Colombia.
•
Boosting women's banking penetration in Mexico, to promote the opening of digital accounts with special 
conditions, and access to personalized products. This initiative is supported by agreements with companies 
dedicated to the sale of products by catalog in Mexico.
Additionally, BBVA invests in funds to support the decarbonization of the economy, which allow the bank to expand its 
knowledge and finance new technologies. 
2. Development of differential risk management capabilities:
BBVA, with low exposure to high-carbon sectors17, is focused on increasing business volume by financing the reduction of its 
customers emissions and leveraging on its competitive advantage in sustainability, backed by its differential knowledge of climate 
risk management. This allows capturing business opportunities while managing risk. To this end, specific risk frameworks have 
been developed to support new businesses (for example, new sustainable technologies) and a plan has been defined to attract new 
customers based on their level of decarbonization transition.
Furthermore, BBVA is continuously developing its capabilities through the creation of advanced tools and the ongoing training of its 
risk teams. It is worth noting that in 2024, 91% of the loan portfolio in high-emission sectors has a Transition Risk Indicator 
(hereinafter, TRi). 
3. Implementation of control processes:
BBVA is constantly working on defining and adapting processes to ensure operational efficiency and adequate internal 
controls, including the definition of solid criteria for classifying sustainable business, with special attention in regards to data 
quality, the evaluation of non-financial risks and the definition of mitigating measures.
This process implementation is based on the integration of sustainability in the organization with a solid governance model (see 
section “Sustainability governance”) and an identification and evaluation of aspects related to the sustainability of customers (see 
section “ESG assessment and monitoring of customers”).
This objective is realized in the channeling metrics. For more information on these plans, see the section “Evolution of the sustainable 
business channeling”.
Achieving net zero emissions by 2050
BBVA has defined a decarbonization strategy for its portfolio alignment and has developed a management model to monitor 
decarbonization objectives. To capture the potential for business growth, BBVA relies on:
–
Sector alignment plans to define a commercial strategy and guide selective growth based on the study of business risks 
and opportunities. For more information on these plans, see the section “Transition plan of BBVA Group”.
–
Assessment of customers’ transition plans based on the TRi, supported by specific tools that are integrated into the 
business strategy and decision-making process. For more information on monitoring transition plans, see the section 
“Transition plan of BBVA Group”.
–
Integration into the deal admission process: proactive and dynamic portfolio management, assessing the impact of 
individual transactions.
Consolidated Management Report Consolidated Non-financial Information Statement
33
This English version is a translation of the original in Spanish for information purposes only. In case of a discrepancy, the Spanish original will prevail.
17 6.17% of exposure at default at BBVA Group level to sectors defined as High Transition Risk, with a high or very high level of exposure to this risk (Oil & Gas, Electricity 
Generation, Autos, Steel, Cement, Coal Mining and Transport). Data as of December 31, 2024.

BBVA recognizes a major challenge since meeting the objectives of decarbonization or aligning their portfolios depends, to a large 
extent, on the actions of third parties, such as customers, governments and other stakeholders. Collaboration between the financial 
sector and these actors is key to achieving an effective and lasting change towards a cleaner and more sustainable economy.
In addition to financing the climate transition through its business, BBVA contributes to the development of new and innovative low-
carbon technologies through investment commitments in climate funds focused on decarbonization. These funds invest globally in 
companies at the forefront of technological and climate innovation, seeking innovative solutions that help decarbonize the planet.
Regarding the direct environmental impact management strategy, this is articulated around three main pillars:
–
Calculation of energy consumption and carbon footprint.
–
Reduction of environmental impact, including the reduction of energy consumption through energy efficiency initiatives, the 
implementation of measures to mitigate water and paper consumption, the use of electricity from renewable sources and 
the awareness and involvement of employees and other stakeholders.
–
Purchase and retirement of carbon credits for an amount equivalent to Scope 1, 2 and Scope 3 categories 5 (waste 
generated in operations), 6 (business travel) and 7 (employee commuting) emissions.
For more information on the progress of the portfolio’s decarbonization targets, see chapter “Climate change”.
Engagement with the industry and the public sector
Aimed at supporting the financial system's transition towards sustainability, BBVA has played an active role in various global 
initiatives for more than two decades. Below are the main sustainability-related initiatives and forums in which BBVA participates:
Consolidated Management Report Consolidated Non-financial Information Statement
34
This English version is a translation of the original in Spanish for information purposes only. In case of a discrepancy, the Spanish original will prevail.

In 2024, supervisory activities related to climate risk have become highly relevant. BBVA has actively participated in working sessions 
with various supervisory bodies, such as the European Central Bank (ECB), the Bank of Spain, the Banking Regulation and 
Supervision Agency (BRSA) of Turkey and the Mexican authorities, including the Bank of Mexico, among others.
To promote sustainable finance within the regulatory framework, BBVA has participated in forums and associations at global, 
European and national levels in 2024, such as the Institute of International Finance (IIF), the Association for Financial Markets in 
Europe (AFME), the European Financial Services Roundtable (EFR) and the Spanish Banking Association (AEB).
Additionally, BBVA is a member of the High Level Expert Group (HLEG) of the European Commission, which provides 
recommendations to the European Commission to promote sustainable financing in emerging countries, concluding its work last April 
2024.
1.3.2 Evolution of sustainable business channeling
BBVA promotes the development of sustainable products or products that promote sustainability, with the aim of taking advantage of 
the growth of this type of business.
The entity adopts a customized approach for each customer segment, including wholesale customers (corporate and institutional), 
enterprise customers and retail customers. The development of products and services is accompanied by interaction and constant 
dialogue with customers.
In 2018, BBVA set a 100 billion euros sustainable business channeling target through 2025. In 2021 and 2022 it increased that 2025 
target, tripling its initial target and setting itself at 300 billion euros in the period 2018-2025. This target covers wholesale, enterprise 
and retail banking in Spain, Mexico, Turkey, Argentina, Colombia, Peru and Uruguay. In the case of wholesale customers, in addition to 
these countries, it also covers the United States and the branches of Banco Bilbao Vizcaya Argentaria, S.A. in Belgium, France, Italy, 
Germany, Portugal and the United Kingdom.
This objective includes the channeling of financial flows, on a cumulative basis, in relation to activities, customers or products 
considered sustainable or that promote sustainability in accordance with the criteria indicated in the section “Criteria for determining 
the channeling of sustainable business” below.
Consolidated Management Report Consolidated Non-financial Information Statement
35
This English version is a translation of the original in Spanish for information purposes only. In case of a discrepancy, the Spanish original will prevail.

Channeling breakdown
Between 2018 and 2024, BBVA channeled a total of 304 billion euros into sustainable business, thus achieving, one year 
ahead of schedule, the target set of 300 billion euros. 
Of the total channeled sustainable business between 2018 and 2024, 78% correspond to climate change and the remaining 22% to 
promote inclusive growth.
CUMULATIVE CHANNEL 2018-2024 (BBVA GROUP)
(1) In those cases where it is not feasible or sufficient information is not available to allow an exact distribution between the categories of climate change and inclusive growth, 
internal estimates are made based on available information. Climate change: Also includes Natural Capital.
(2) Includes the activity of the BBVA Microfinance Foundation (FMBBVA), which is not part of the consolidated Group and which has channeled around 9 billion euros in the period 
from 2018 to 2024, mainly to support vulnerable entrepreneurs with microcredits.
(3)  Green, social, sustainable or sustainability-linked bonds (in accordance with both internal and market standards, existing regulations and best practices) in which BBVA acts as 
bookrunner.
(4) Fundamentally includes (i) products, both long and short term, whose funds are destined to activities considered sustainable (according to internal and market standards, 
existing regulations and best practices), (ii) generalist products, both long and short term, (ii) generalist products, both long and short term, aimed at customers considered 
sustainable based on their revenues from sustainable activities (in accordance with existing regulations and/or internal standards) or in accordance with company-level 
certifications of recognized prestige in the market, as well as (iii) products, both long and short term, linked to sustainability (in accordance with internal and market standards 
and best practices), such as those linked to environmental and/or social indicators.
(5) Green and/or social projects in accordance with internal and market standards, existing regulations and best practices.
(6) Art. 8 or 9 investment products under the Sustainable Finance Disclosure Regulation (SFDR) or similar criteria outside the EU managed, brokered or marketed by BBVA. 
“Other": includes deposits under the Sustainable Transaction Banking Framework until such time as it was replaced by the CIB Sustainable Products Framework (both 
Frameworks published on the bank's website), insurance policies related to energy efficiency and inclusive growth, and electric vehicles auto renting, mainly.
Consolidated Management Report Consolidated Non-financial Information Statement
36
This English version is a translation of the original in Spanish for information purposes only. In case of a discrepancy, the Spanish original will prevail.

In 2024, around 99 billion euros have been channeled. This represents an increase of 42% with respect to 2023. This amount is 
broken down below by category, segment, product, scope and geography:
(1) In general, the criterion used for the distribution of the channeling by geographies is that of the place of registration of the corresponding operation. However, there are certain 
exceptions when several geographies are involved in the operation.
(2) In those cases where it is not feasible or sufficient information is not available to allow an accurate distribution between climate change and inclusive growth categories, internal 
estimates are made based on available information. Climate change: Also includes Natural Capital
(3) Includes the activity of the BBVA Microfinance Foundation (FMBBVA), which is not part of the consolidated Group and which has channeled around 1,500 million euros in the 
period from 2018 to 2024, mainly to support vulnerable entrepreneurs with microcredits.
(4) It covers more than one area of action, but with the information available it is not possible to make an exact allocation.
Channeling by customer segment
1.
Wholesale customers
In 2024, the sustainable business channelling in wholesale customers amounted to around 51 billion euros which is an increase of 
27% compared to 2023, of which 46 billion is linked to climate change and 5 billion to inclusive growth.
(1) Green, social, sustainable or sustainability-linked bonds (in accordance with internal and market standards, existing regulations and best practices) in which BBVA acts as 
bookrunner.
(2) Basically includes (i) products, both long and short term, whose funds are allocated to activities considered sustainable (in accordance with internal and market standards, 
existing regulations and best practices), (ii) generalist products, both long and short term, (ii) generalist products, both long and short term, which are intended for customers 
considered sustainable based on their revenues from sustainable activities (in accordance with existing regulations and/or internal standards) or in accordance with company-
level certifications of recognized prestige in the market, as well as (iii) products, both long and short term, linked to sustainability (in accordance with both internal and market 
standards and best practices), such as those linked to environmental and/or social indicators.
(3) Green and/or social projects in accordance with internal and market standards, existing regulations and best practices.
Consolidated Management Report Consolidated Non-financial Information Statement
37
This English version is a translation of the original in Spanish for information purposes only. In case of a discrepancy, the Spanish original will prevail.

Financing and transactional banking activity
In financing and transactional banking activity, BBVA has channeled 40 billion euros, of which 36 billion are related to climate change 
and 4 billion to inclusive growth, highlighting:
–
25 billion euros correspond mainly to financing and transactional banking activity and general financing to customers 
considered sustainable based on their revenues from sustainable activities: 22 billion euros related to climate change, 
where energy or mobility stand out, and 3 billion euros related to inclusive growth, highlighting inclusive infrastructures that 
provide access to basic services. 
–
15 billion euros mainly corresponds to financing and transactional banking activity linked to the performance of 
environmental and/or social indicators: 14 billion euros linked to climate change and 800 million euros to inclusive growth. 
Of this 15 billion euros, 3 billion euros corresponds to confirming linked to sustainability based on an evaluation and 
classification of suppliers based on sustainability criteria.
Bonds
The total volume placed by BBVA during 2024 amounts to 7 billion euros, where the activity with European customers stands out. 
BBVA continues to support the development of the green and social bond market across the Group. 
BBVA has acted as bookrunner in issues of green bonds (4 billion euros), social bonds (600 million euros), sustainable bonds 
including both climate and social funds (500 million euros) and bonds linked to environmental and/or social indicators (2 billion 
euros) of customers.
Financing sustainable projects
BBVA has maintained a prominent role in the financing of green, social or sustainable projects, participating in the channeling of 4 
billion euros, with the following areas standing out:
–
2 billion euros in renewable energy projects, mainly solar and wind, participating in one-off operations, particularly in 
the United States, where it has channeled more than half of the total of this mobilization. Notable examples are the financing 
of an offshore wind farm in the coast of Virginia and the financing of a solar photovoltaic project and an energy storage 
battery system in Texas.
–
542 million euros in new clean technology projects, including the financing of the first carbon capture and storage 
projects in the United Kingdom, the financing of a giga battery factory in Hungary, the financing of the development of a 
national network of 2,900 electric vehicle charging points in Italy, and the financing of a major portfolio of energy transition 
infrastructures in Italy.
–
1 billion euro in other areas, including natural capital, where the financing of a project to expand a wastewater treatment 
plant in Mexico stands out.
During 2024, solutions and initiatives that improve the performance of customers in the area of sustainability stood out, focusing on 
three strategic lines:
–
Confirming, based on an evaluation and ranking of BBVA customers' suppliers based on sustainability criteria. This can 
enable them to access better discounts on their invoices for those who score higher. In addition, this product is a lever for 
corporate customers to improve the sustainability of their value chain.
–
The financing of new clean technologies, considering innovation is a lever for achieving decarbonization, has continued 
to promote the financing of projects aimed at developing clean technologies. BBVA focuses on the internal development of 
specialized knowledge to finance clean technologies such as batteries (for transport or energy storage), green hydrogen or 
biofuels. All this has the aim of accompanying customers in the transformation of their production models.
–
Expansion in attractive markets, highlighting growth in Brazil and the United States. During 2024, BBVA has 
strengthened its presence in Brazil, a key country for the transition to a more sustainable future in this region. BBVA has 
also created a sustainability center in Houston, a city where more than 4,700 energy-related companies18 are 
headquartered, with the aim of accompanying companies in their transformation plans.
Consolidated Management Report Consolidated Non-financial Information Statement
38
This English version is a translation of the original in Spanish for information purposes only. In case of a discrepancy, the Spanish original will prevail.
18  Source: Houston Energy Transition Initiative.

2.
Enterprise customers
In 2024, the sustainable business channeling of enterprise customers amounted to around 34 billion euros, growing by 62% 
compared to 2023, 26 billion euros linked to climate change and 8 billion euros to inclusive growth.
(1) Green, social, sustainable or sustainability-linked bonds (in accordance with internal and market standards, existing regulations and best practices) in which BBVA acts as 
bookrunner.
(2) Basically includes (i) products, both long and short term, whose funds are allocated to activities considered sustainable (in accordance with internal and market standards, 
existing regulations and best practices), (ii) generalist products, both long and short term, (ii) generalist products, both long and short term, aimed at customers considered 
sustainable based on their income from sustainable activities (in accordance with existing regulations and/or internal standards) or in accordance with company-level 
certifications of recognized prestige in the market, as well as (iii) products, both long and short term, linked to the sustainability of the company's business, and (iv) generalist 
products, both long and short term, linked to the sustainability of the company's business.
Corporate financing and transactional banking activity 
By 2024, 32 billion euros has been channeled of which 25 billion euros in areas related to climate change and 7 billion euros in areas 
related to inclusive growth, in which the following stand out:
–
15 billion euros correspond to finalist financing and transactional banking: 12 billion euros related to climate change, 
highlighting activities in the agricultural sector and construction, and 3 billion euros allocated to financial inclusion activities 
such as inclusive infrastructures.
–
9 billion euros in financing linked to environmental or social indicators, of which 500 million euros correspond to 
confirming linked to sustainability based on an evaluation and classification of suppliers under sustainability criteria.
–
8 billion euros linked to generalist financing to customers considered sustainable based on their income from sustainable 
activities, allocating around 5 billion euros to activities related to climate change and 3 billion euros to inclusive growth.
Bonds
In the field of bonds in 2024, 2 billion euros were placed, broken down into 600 million euros in green bonds, 700 million euros in 
sustainable bonds and 200 million euros linked to environmental and/or social indicators.
This channeling has been achieved thanks to a personalized dialogue with each customer. This dialogue is adapted to their sector, 
size, country and level of business maturity, addressing two main aspects:
–
Solutions aimed at generating potential economic savings, prioritizing cross-cutting issues such as energy efficiency, fleet 
renewal, water management, circularity, agriculture, inclusive infrastructures and fostering entrepreneurship.
–
The use of advanced data analytics to develop advisory tools, such as the carbon footprint calculator for customers.
During 2024, it also noted the promotion of local initiatives such as the launch of a biodiversity bond in Colombia or new business 
opportunities in the wine sector in Mexico and Spain (for more information, see the section “Identification and measurement of risks 
and opportunities associated with natural capital”.
The number of sustainable operations closed, such as loans, confirming and lines of credit, almost tripled compared to the previous 
year, reaching more than 75 thousand closed operations. Mexico stands out, accounting for more than 66% of these operations.
In order to obtain these results, several training events have been held with managers from different countries, encompassing the 
potential of products related to sustainability and solutions driven by digitalization, through structured commercial plans, supported 
by sustainable advisory services.
Consolidated Management Report Consolidated Non-financial Information Statement
39
This English version is a translation of the original in Spanish for information purposes only. In case of a discrepancy, the Spanish original will prevail.

3.
Retail customers
During 2024, the BBVA Group contributed to the channeling of sustainable business through various products for retail customers 
growing by 60% compared to 2023, channeling a total of 14 billion euros19, of which 5 billion euros are linked to climate change and 9 
billion euros are linked to inclusive growth. 
(1)  Includes the activity of the BBVA Microfinance Foundation (BBVAMF), which is not part of the consolidated Group and which has channeled around 1,500 million euros in the 
period from 2018 to 2024, mainly to support vulnerable entrepreneurs with microcredits.
(2) Fundamentally includes (i) products, both long and short term, whose funds are allocated to activities considered sustainable (in accordance with both internal and market 
standards, existing regulations and best practices), (ii) generalist products, both long and short term, (ii) generalist products, both long and short term, intended for customers 
considered sustainable based on their revenues from sustainable activities (according to existing regulations and/or internal standards) or according to company-level 
certifications of recognized prestige in the market, as well as (iii) products, both long and short term, linked to sustainability (according to both internal and market standards and 
best practices), such as those linked to environmental and/or social indicators.
(3) Art. 8 or 9 under the Sustainable Finance Disclosure Regulation (SFDR) or similar criteria outside the EU managed, brokered or marketed by BBVA.
(4) Includes insurance policies related to energy efficiency and inclusive growth.
Financing and transactional banking activity 
During 2024, the channeling of financing and transactional banking activity has been mainly for solutions focused on energy savings 
and promoting financial inclusion.
Solutions focused on energy savings. By 2024, the Group had channeled 2 billion euros:
–
Customized digital solutions for the mass consumption and energy efficiency market. Approximately 1 billion euros 
have been channeled into this item. 
•
BBVA uses data analytics to offer customers an opportunity to save energy in their homes and transportation. The goal 
is to encourage more sustainable practices to contribute to the reduction of CO2 emissions.
•
During 2024, BBVA has channeled around 44 million euros in financing for solar panels, close to 56 million euros in 
financing for energy efficiency measures for households and 864 million euros for financing the acquisition of hybrid or 
electric vehicles. These solutions are being promoted in all geographies.
•
By 2024, BBVA has improved its sustainable value proposition:
In the household area, BBVA in Spain: 
◦
It has completed its range of products with a comprehensive set of solutions related to self-consumption options, 
aerothermal energy, windows and others designed to facilitate customers' access to sustainable technologies. By 
2024, BBVA had financed more than 16,000 of such operations. 
◦
Launched a new energy-saving advisory service which accompanies customers in optimizing their consumption 
and recommends a tailored energy transition plan. 
◦
Financed the refurbishment of residential communities and home renovations, promoting projects related to 
sustainability.
In the automotive sector, BBVA has:
◦
Consolidated its value proposition with the launch of a one-stop-shop for cars in Spain, which allows customers to 
access financing or leasing for more than 200 electric vehicle models from its partner dealers, directly from the 
mobile application. 
◦
Strengthened fleet advisory services for SMEs and companies, helping them to adopt electric or hybrid mobility 
solutions. 
–
Mortgages for high-energy-rated homes were channeled in 2024 in all geographies, except Argentina for an amount of 1 
billion euros.
Consolidated Management Report Consolidated Non-financial Information Statement
40
This English version is a translation of the original in Spanish for information purposes only. In case of a discrepancy, the Spanish original will prevail.
19 About this 14 billion euros, around 4 billion euros corresponds to financing for small and medium-sized companies and 5 billion euros corresponds to Consumer Finance.

Solutions to promote financial inclusion. In 2024, BBVA has channeled 6 billion euros through various products and services 
aimed at retail customers, entrepreneurs and SMEs to promote their inclusion in the financial system and their inclusive growth. In 
particular, in 2024 it has promoted:
–
Financial inclusion of more than 280,000 unbanked or underbanked people, through different products such as digital 
accounts, savings accounts, credit cards, digital payment methods, as well as actions to promote financial and digital 
literacy among customers.
–
The bankarization of 3.3 million entrepreneurs and micro enterprises, through micro loans, micro insurance, mobile 
payment solutions, point-of-sale terminals, as a signatory of the Collective Commitment to Financial Education and 
Inclusion promoted by UNEP-FI (in the framework of the guidelines for banks for the “Establishment of objectives for 
Financial Inclusion and Financial Health”). The objective is to support 4.5 million unbanked and underbanked entrepreneurs 
between 2018 and 2025. This will improve their financial resilience by providing them with effective access to financial and 
non-financial products and services. So far, between 2018 and 2024, BBVA has supported 4.2 million entrepreneurs.
These solutions are complemented by other financial inclusion initiatives such as the promotion of the creation of accounts for minors 
with parental control, an app adapted to them and Bizum for those aged 12 and over in Spain.
Investment products
In terms of investment products, BBVA Asset Management (hereinafter BBVA AM) manages customer assets in various 
geographies worldwide. BBVA AM has its own Sustainability Plan aligned with the Group's strategy20. BBVA AM's Sustainability Plan is 
based on:
–
The investment strategy for portfolios of sustainable products, mutual funds, pension plans and discretionary 
management portfolios. It is based on 4 pillars:
•
The ESG integration model: develops an internal rating for the assets in the portfolio. It is used for companies, 
governments and collective investment institutions (CIIs) managed by third parties and currently covers a 
significant percentage of BBVA AM's investment universe.
•
Exclusion: exclusions of various kinds21 have been defined to comply with a series of international minimum 
guarantees in social, labor and human rights matters. It is governed by the Exclusions Rule that applies to the 
direct investment of the vehicles and managed portfolios, with the exceptions included in said Rule, such as 
indexed portfolios, among others. The Exclusions Rule is reviewed on an ongoing basis, most recently in 
December 2023 and June 2024.
•
Involvement: BBVA AM is involved with the companies in which it invests through the exercise of voting rights at 
the general shareholders' meetings, and through engagement actions.
•
Impact: an internal analysis methodology has been developed, supported by information received from external 
suppliers, for the selection of investment strategies aligned with the SDGs and to identify and monitor 
instruments for financing sustainable projects22. To this end, in general23, activities or investments are checked to 
ensure that they have a positive impact on an SDG, complying with a series of minimum requirements in relation 
to minimum safeguards and no significant damage.
In 2024, progress was made in: the application of ESG criteria analysis, both in the portfolios and in the different 
countries in which BBVA AM operates; transparency, with the creation of a section dedicated to sustainability on 
the website; and the incorporation of metrics and data related to ESG issues into the investment process.
In 2024, progress was made: i) in the application of ESG criteria analyze, across portfolios and countries in which 
BBVA AM operates; ii) increasing transparency, with the creation of a section dedicated to sustainability on the 
website; iii) and with the incorporation of metrics and data related to ESG issues into the investment process.
–
Climate risk management is integrated into the general risk management and control processes at BBVA AM with the 
development of systems and data and metrics calculations that support climate risk management and the sustainability 
strategy in general. The carbon intensity calculations of portfolios, calculations of the Main Adverse Events at issuer, 
portfolio and management entity level, metrics of external fund managers and calculation of alignment paths to Net Zero 
objectives of the companies in which BBVA AM invests are highlighted.
–
Intermediate decarbonization targets for their portfolios to 203024, framed within the Net Zero targets to 2050. The 
scope of these intermediate targets has been established considering the assets included, the metrics used to measure 
them, the initial level and the 2030 target. The situation of these metrics at the end of 2024, in terms of their baseline and 
the degree of achievement with respect to the objectives set for 2030, is as follows:
•
Corporate portfolio: good performance in terms of degree of alignment and emissions.
•
EU government debt portfolio: good performance in terms of degree of alignment, however the overall 
performance of the portfolio has been affected by the divergent behavior of the different countries. 
Consolidated Management Report Consolidated Non-financial Information Statement
41
This English version is a translation of the original in Spanish for information purposes only. In case of a discrepancy, the Spanish original will prevail.
20 Regarding the results of the double materiality analysis, no material IROs have been identified within the framework of BBVA AM's activity (see chapter “Double materiality 
analysis”).
21 Universal, intended to apply to all managed products, or Specific, which apply only to products with a certain sustainability ambition. These are exclusions due to non-
compliance with international standards and regulations on environmental, social and governance aspects, due to the development of certain economic activities, due to 
geographical areas and due to the requirements of the European Union's climate reference indices.
22 This definition has been developed following the criteria established by EU regulations to define a sustainable investment.
23 There are particular cases, such as green, social, sustainable and sustainability-linked bonds, shares or interests in investment vehicles that disclose under Article 9 of the 
SFDR, etc.).
24 The achievement and progressive progress of the decarbonization objectives will depend to a large extent on the actions of third parties, such as customers, governments and 
other stakeholders, and may therefore be materially affected by such actions, or lack thereof, as well as by other exogenous factors that do not depend on BBVA (including, but 
not limited to, new technological and regulatory developments, military conflicts, the evolution of climate and energy crises, etc.). Consequently, these objectives may be subject 
to future revisions.

BBVA AM objectives
Criteria to determine the sustainable business channeling
BBVA has the aim to promote its business model through sustainability by developing sustainable products to take advantage of the 
growth opportunity generated by this type of business. The entity takes a personalized approach to each customer segment, 
including; wholesale customers (corporate and institutional), enterprise customers and retail customers, and type of products, 
whether banking or asset management. For this purpose, the Group uses its own tools and market standards that help it designate 
which products or services are intended to promote sustainability among its customers.
For the determination of the channeling the following standards are taken into account:
–
Internal standards:
(i) Internal standards inspired by the European taxonomy (as they consider the element “substantial contribution” to the 
environmental objectives defined by said taxonomy) and best market practices, which may, additionally, present a certain 
degree of flexibility when applied in non-European geographical areas in order to reflect their different national situations 
and avoid the exclusion of emerging markets. In countries where local taxonomies exist, these could be applied.
Additionally, given its important presence in emerging countries, BBVA has developed an internal standard for inclusive 
growth, defining activities that can be considered sustainable due to their contribution to social objectives. This standard 
has been developed based on the United Nations SDGs, international principles on Human Rights, the Social Bond 
Principles, best market practices and the draft EU social taxonomy. Because social aspects have very local and regional 
characteristics, own methodologies have been developed and thresholds have been established based on national and 
international indicators.
(ii) CIB Sustainable Products Framework: applicable to certain products of BBVA's CIB activity such as transactional 
banking products or some structured products of the Global Markets activity. It is based on the SDGs, market practices and 
internal standards, with the opinion of an independent third party. This Framework is public and is available on the BBVA 
shareholders and investors website. 
–
Market standards for products and activities based on the use of funds: mainly the Green Bond Principles and the 
Social Bond Principles of the International Capital Markets Association, as well as the Green Loan Principles and the Social 
Loan Principles of the Loan Market Association. Additionally, other market standards such as the SDGs are taken into 
account.
–
Market standards for products and activities linked to sustainability (generally, linked to a series of indicators or 
criteria related to ESG aspects, thus trying to encourage positive behaviors in terms of sustainability): mainly, the 
Sustainability Linked Bond Principles of the International Capital Markets Association and the Sustainability Linked Loan 
Principles of the Loan Market Association.
In addition to internal and market standards and best practices, the existing regulations on the matter are taken into account 
(highlighting the Taxonomy Regulation 2020/852 and the Disclosure Regulation 2019/2088).
Furthermore, BBVA considers the sustainable activities of its customers that comply with internal standards and/or applicable 
regulations, in accordance with public information (with the support in certain cases of external data providers to collect said 
information) and using company-level certifications and of recognized prestige in the market.
Internal criteria are used to determine the amount of sustainable business channeled, based on both internal and external 
information, whether public, provided by customers or by a third party (mainly data providers and independent experts).
Consolidated Management Report Consolidated Non-financial Information Statement
42
This English version is a translation of the original in Spanish for information purposes only. In case of a discrepancy, the Spanish original will prevail.

The channeled amount includes financing, intermediation, investment, off-balance sheet items, and insurance operations. These 
operations have contractual amortization due dates, so this accumulated amount does not represent the amount recognized on the 
balance sheet.
The sustainable business channeling referred to above is an internal metric that may differ from other metrics of a regulatory nature. 
In particular, this metric differs from the metrics to be broken down according to the European Taxonomy (Regulation 2020/852, 
Delegated Regulation 2021/2178, Delegated Regulation 2022/1214, Delegated Regulation 2023/2485 and Delegated Regulation 
2023/2486) as well as the information to be disclosed under the implementing technical standards (ITS) on Pillar information 3 
relating to environmental, social and governance risks25. The main differences are summarized below:
SUSTAINABLE BUSINESS CHANNELING
METRICS RELATED TO EUROPEAN TAXONOMY
–
Includes the channeling of financial flows in relation to 
activities, customers or products considered sustainable or 
that promote sustainability in accordance with both internal 
and market standards, existing regulations and best 
practices.
–
Includes the channeling of financial flows that may not be 
recorded on the balance sheet (e.g. certain transactional 
banking activity, mutual funds or bonds in which BBVA acts 
as bookrunner, etc.).
–
The concept is cumulative (reflects cumulative balances 
originated since 2018) and reflects the total flow channeled 
at the time of origination.
–
Includes the channeling of flows that contribute to a 
purpose of a social nature, such as inclusive growth, and 
other environmental objectives.
–
They are constructed based on environmentally 
sustainable economic activities according to the 
European regulation.
–
Key metrics (e.g. GAR) include exposures on the asset 
side of the balance sheet (1).
–
Only consider the current exposure mainly reflected on 
the balance sheet, corresponding to the reporting date.
–
They consider the contribution to an environmental 
purpose primarily, although the regulations provide for 
minimal social safeguards.
(1) According to the regulatory definition (FINREP) of exposure: outstanding risk on loans and advances, as well as bonds in the investment portfolio.
Consolidated Management Report Consolidated Non-financial Information Statement
43
This English version is a translation of the original in Spanish for information purposes only. In case of a discrepancy, the Spanish original will prevail.
25 Incorporated into Commission Implementing Regulation (EU) 2022/2453 of 30 November 2022 amending the implementing technical standards set out in Implementing 
Regulation (EU) 2021/637.

1.4 Sustainability governance model
1.4.1 Sustainability governance
Corporate bodies
BBVA's Corporate Governance system
The Sustainability governance model is integrated into BBVA's corporate governance system, in the terms detailed below.
BBVA has a corporate governance system, made up of a set of principles, rules and mechanisms that integrate and regulate the 
structures and operation of its corporate bodies (hereinafter, the “System” or the “Corporate Governance System”). This System is 
configured, mainly, by the provisions of the Statutes, the regulations of its different corporate bodies and the general policies of the 
Bank approved by the Board of Directors.
The System is aligned with BBVA's Culture and Values and is geared towards achieving the Bank's social interest and Purpose. To 
ensure this, the Board supervises its effectiveness, adapting it, when it deems necessary or appropriate, to the environment in which 
the Bank and its Group carry out their activity, taking into account the regulatory and supervisory requirements applicable at all times 
and the best practices of the industry, as well as the opinion of the Bank's different stakeholders.
Board of Directors
One of the main elements of BBVA's Corporate Governance system is the Board of Directors, which, as the highest body of 
representation, administration, management and oversight, performs both the functions of management of the Entity and those of 
supervision and control of management.
As of December 31, 2024, BBVA’s Board of Directors comprises 15 members, two of whom were executive and 1326 are non-executive 
directors27.
BBVA's Board of Directors has a balanced composition, with high levels of independence and diversity, both with regard to the 
presence of men and women and the different types of directors, capabilities, experience and knowledge.
At the close of the 2024 fiscal year, BBVA’s Board of Directors comprises 46.66% women and 53.34% men, meeting the target set 
forth in the Board of Directors’ Selection, Suitability, and Diversity Policy.
In terms of independence, at the close of the 2024 fiscal year, BBVA’s Board of Directors includes ten independent directors, 
representing 66.66% of the total Board members and 76.92% of the non-executive directors on the Board. In terms of nationality, the 
Board of Directors has a total of seven nationalities (Spanish, Turkish, Portuguese, Danish, American, Mexican and Belgian), with 
40% of non-Spanish directors.
Committees of the Board of Directors
In order to better perform its functions, the Board of Directors has a structure of fees that assist it on matters within its competence 
and that have been established on the basis of an appropriate distribution of functions, included in their corresponding regulations 
(hereinafter, the Committees and the Board of Directors will be referred to jointly as the "Corporate Bodies"). These Committees are 
made up of directors with specific knowledge within their respective areas of action, which also have a cross-composition structure 
that ensures efficient interaction. In the exercise of their functions, the Committees carry out an in-depth review of the issues and 
proposals presented by the executive areas for consideration by the Corporate Bodies, thus becoming an essential element for the 
decision-making and supervision and control processes that correspond to them. Among the tasks performed by the Board's 
Committees, the most notable are the supervision and control functions exercised by the Risk and Compliance Committee, whose 
main task is to assist the Board of Directors in determining and monitoring the Group's risk control and management policy, including 
internal risk control and non-financial risks, without prejudice to the functions corresponding to internal financial control, which are 
supervised by the Audit Committee; those of technological risk, which are analyzed by the Technology and Cybersecurity Committee; 
and those of business and reputational risk, which correspond to the Executive Committee.
Consolidated Management Report Consolidated Non-financial Information Statement
44
This English version is a translation of the original in Spanish for information purposes only. In case of a discrepancy, the Spanish original will prevail.
26 In Spain, the revised text of the Corporate Enterprises Act, approved by Royal Legislative Decree 1/2010, of July 2, does not require employee representation as part of the 
board of directors in listed companies. For this reason, the board does not have employee representatives.
27  The composition of the Board of Directors is defined by the appointments and re-elections approved by the General Shareholders' Meeting, as well as by the Board of Directors 
through the distribution of roles within the Board. For more information on the composition of the Board of Directors, please consult the Annual Corporate Governance Report, 
included as part of the Management Report.

Functions and responsibilities of the Corporate Bodies
The Board of Directors shall have the powers established at any time by applicable legislation and the Bylaws as well as, specifically 
and among others, those established in article 17 of its Regulations.
Among other functions, and as an essential part of the Corporate Governance System, the Board of Directors has, in accordance with 
article 17.1. a) i) of its Regulations, the power to approve the general policies and strategies of the Entity. In execution of this power, 
the Board has defined a general management and control framework, made up of the main strategic-prospective decisions of the 
Group (including the Strategic Plan, the Budget or the Risk Appetite Framework) and has approved a series of general policies, which 
contain the main guidelines of the Board of Directors for the management and supervision of the different areas of activity of the 
Group. 
Likewise, in general, the Board carries out, directly or through its Committees, the monitoring of the decisions adopted, including the 
supervision of the implementation of general policies, and the supervision of the management of the Company and its Group.
In order to properly fulfil its functions, the Board of Directors has a governance model that ensures the stake of all directors, with full 
freedom of judgement, in relation to: (i) appropriate decision-making and supervision and control processes; (ii) a complete, integral, 
adequate and consistent information model; and (iii) anticipatory management of identified conflicts of interest, both real and 
potential.
In this way, BBVA has a decision-making process that, in general, originates in the executive areas of the Bank, with the preparation of 
decision proposals, coordinated with the main strategic decisions already adopted by the Board, which are submitted to the 
consideration of the competent Corporate Bodies for analysis, debate, and decision, supported by an information model that provides 
complete, integral, adequate and consistent information.
This Model is characterized by the interaction of the different Corporate Bodies with each other and with those responsible for the 
executive areas, generating recurring spaces for analysis and debate in order to make decisions that are aligned with the social 
interest and with the Purpose of the Bank.
Once the decisions have been adopted by the Corporate Bodies, the executive areas are responsible for executing, developing or 
implementing said decisions, reporting them to the competent Corporate Bodies for supervision and control, in accordance with the 
established supervision and control processes.
In this regard, to ensure that the Corporate Bodies can fulfil the supervision and control functions assigned to them, BBVA has a set of 
processes that articulate the way in which the Corporate Bodies carry out these functions, in order to ensure that their decisions are 
being executed appropriately or, where appropriate, specific aspects that require the adoption of measures can be identified (the 
“Supervision and Control Model”).
The exercise of the functions of supervision and control of each specific area is addressed by the Board of Directors both directly in its 
meetings and through the activity of its different Committees, which play a very important role in the supervision and control of 
management.
The Committees thus support the Council by monitoring issues within their area of expertise, with a frequency and level of detail 
greater than that of the Council, to which they also report periodically to inform on the most relevant issues addressed by each of 
them.
Consolidated Management Report Consolidated Non-financial Information Statement
45
This English version is a translation of the original in Spanish for information purposes only. In case of a discrepancy, the Spanish original will prevail.

The decision-making and supervision and control models described above are complemented by an information model that ensures 
that the Corporate Bodies have the necessary and timely information to carry out the functions assigned to them. In particular, 
BBVA's information model is characterized by providing the Corporate Bodies with information that is: complete, integral, adequate 
and consistent.
The information model is made up of information from different sources that allows the directors, after evaluating it as a whole, in a 
constructive manner and with a critical spirit, to debate the issues submitted for their consideration within the corresponding 
Corporate Bodies and to carry out the functions assigned to them.
In accordance with this model and as established in article 5 of the Board of Directors Regulations of Directors, the directors have, 
prior to the meetings, the necessary information to be able to form an opinion on the issues that correspond to the Corporate Bodies, 
being able to request other information and advice that is required for the fulfillment of their functions, as well as request the Board of 
Directors for the assistance of external experts in those matters submitted to its consideration that, due to their special complexity or 
significance, so require.
Governance model of the Corporate Bodies in matters of sustainability
Within the context of the Group's general management and control framework, the Board of Directors has incorporated 
Sustainability as one of the Bank's strategic priorities, as reflected in the Group's Strategic Plan for the years 2019-2024.
As part of this framework, BBVA's Board of Directors has approved the General Sustainability Policy, which defines and 
establishes the general principles and management and control objectives and guidelines that the Group must follow in terms of 
sustainable development, understood as meeting the needs of the present generation without compromising the ability of future 
generations to meet their own needs, in line with the definition established in this regard by the United Nations. 
Consolidated Management Report Consolidated Non-financial Information Statement
46
This English version is a translation of the original in Spanish for information purposes only. In case of a discrepancy, the Spanish original will prevail.

The Corporate Bodies promote that Sustainability, which includes environmental, social and governance aspects (hereinafter "ESG"), 
is integrated into all the Group's small businesses and activities, from a global perspective, and that the material impacts, risks and 
opportunities arising from it are adequately managed. 
To this end, the Bank has a Global Sustainability Area, which is responsible, among other things, for designing and promoting the 
execution of the Group's strategic Sustainability agenda and business development in this area; for establishing the Group's 
objectives in these matters; and for promoting and coordinating the Group's various lines of work in this area, developed by the 
different areas, maintaining the objective of promoting integrity in the relationship with the different stakeholders in all areas of the 
Group.
Likewise, the different executive areas promote the different aspects of Sustainability in their respective areas of competencies, 
considering it in the definition of their strategies, work plans, initiatives and resource management, and establishing, when 
appropriate, objectives and metrics that allow measuring the progress made by each of them in these areas.
The impacts, risks and opportunities arising from the different aspects of Sustainability that are of material importance to the Bank 
are taken into consideration in the various decisions approved by the Board of Directors that make up the general management and 
control framework of BBVA. 
In particular, they find a place in the Strategic Plan, which incorporates Sustainability as one of the strategic priorities, in the Budget, 
which sets annual targets for strategic indicators , among others, related to Sustainability], and in the Risk Appetite Framework, which 
includes mentions of Sustainability in the Risk Appetite Statement, as well as specific metrics related to Sustainability (for example, 
high transition risk (HTR) metric and the portfolio decarbonization metric). 
Furthermore, the various general policies of the BBVA Group that establish the basic management guidelines in the different areas of 
special relevance for the proper development of the Bank's activity also include various issues related to Sustainability.
In this context, BBVA has governance models for the different elements that contribute to Sustainability and the generation of long-
term value, which the environment classifies as “ESG” factors or which must be included in the concept of “Sustainability”. This 
includes the management of the environmental impact of our direct activity and that of our customers on climate change, the 
treatment of social issues, both within the organization with regard to our own employees and in society and, fundamentally, in our 
customers, as well as the Bank's actions in the different areas aimed at guaranteeing appropriate business conduct.
Within the framework of the development of management and supervision functions of issues related to Sustainability, the Board of 
Directors has provided itself with a governance model that has the Board itself as its central axis and is supported by the specialized 
assistance of its various Committees on the matters of their respective competencies.
In the case of the Executive Committee, it supports the Board of Directors in decision-making and in the ongoing monitoring of 
BBVA's strategy and objectives in terms of Sustainability, which are defined taking into consideration the impacts, risks and 
opportunities derived from Sustainability that are of relative importance to the Bank. The Executive Committee also supports the 
Board in supervising the development and execution of the strategy by the Group's executive areas. 
For its part, the Risk and Compliance Committee, supports the Board in integrating Sustainability into the analysis, planning and 
management of the Group's financial and non-financial risks, and in supervising their execution. 
The Audit Committee supervises the process of preparing and the content of the information that must be formulated by the 
Corporate Bodies in matters of Sustainability for publication, as part of the public information of the Group. 
The Appointments Committee , in addition to assisting the Board in evaluating the effectiveness of the Corporate Governance System 
described above, also ensures that the competencies related to Sustainability are taken into account when analyzing the composition 
of the Board of Directors. 
Furthermore, the Remuneration Committee analyses the selection and monitors the evolution of strategic indicators linked to variable 
remuneration, including indicators related to Sustainability. 
Finally, the Technology and Cybersecurity Committee assists the Council in monitoring the technology strategy and managing 
cybersecurity.
Consolidated Management Report Consolidated Non-financial Information Statement
47
This English version is a translation of the original in Spanish for information purposes only. In case of a discrepancy, the Spanish original will prevail.

Through this governance model, the Corporate Bodies carry out the task of defining, supervising and monitoring the implementation 
of the Group's Sustainability strategy, for which the impacts, risks and opportunities that this generates for the Group are taken into 
consideration. It also allows the Corporate Bodies to establish or supervise the establishment at executive level, as appropriate, of the 
Bank's objectives in these areas and to monitor progress towards their achievement.
Activity of the Corporate Bodies in the area of Sustainability
The Board of Directors has incorporated Sustainability as one of the Bank's strategic priorities, as reflected in the Group's Strategic 
Plan for the period 2019-2024, and has approved the General Sustainability Policy, which defines and establishes the general 
principles, and the management and control objectives and guidelines that the Group must follow in terms of sustainable 
development and whose supervision is the responsibility of the Board itself.
This Policy, revised in 2022, integrates the previous Corporate Social Responsibility Policies and the General Sustainability Policy and 
identifies BBVA's main stakeholders and other groups (customers, employees, shareholders and investors, suppliers, regulators and 
supervisors, as well as investment in the community) and the different areas of action (fiscal responsibility, prevention of illegal 
conduct and corruption, stake in international initiatives and commitment to human rights). In addition, with this Policy, BBVA defines 
its contribution to the United Nations 2030 Agenda for Sustainable Development. 
In addition, the Board of Directors has adopted other specific management decisions in the area of Sustainability, such as: the 
establishment of a strategic indicator for Sustainable Business Channeling, setting a target of 300 billion euros for the period 
2018-2025, which is also part of the indicators established for staff incentives; objectives for the decarbonization of the portfolio 
aligned with the goal of achieving net zero emissions by 2050; or the Investment in the Community of 550 million euros.
To supervise and control the execution of the decisions adopted by the Board of Directors in matters of Sustainability, the Corporate 
Bodies have the reports received from both the Global Sustainability Area and the different areas of the Group, which incorporate 
Sustainability in the reporting of their small businesses and activities. 
These reports are submitted by the executive areas to the Corporate Bodies based on their competence, on a periodic or ad hoc 
basis.
For these purposes, it should be noted that in 2024, the Corporate Bodies have periodically received specific reports from the Global 
Sustainability Area, through which they have been able to monitor the different aspects of the strategy related to Sustainability and 
the objectives established in this area, as well as the main projects and lines of work of the Group in this area.
Likewise, the different business and global areas of the Group have reported to the Corporate Bodies on their activity, which includes 
Sustainability as one of its relevant pillars as it is a strategic priority of the organization, giving an account of the initiatives, projects 
and specific activities developed and the means available to them for the execution of this priority. 
In this way, most of the impacts, risks and opportunities derived from Sustainability that are of relative importance to the Bank, listed 
in the “Double materiality analysis” chapter of this Report, have been reported to the Corporate Bodies throughout the year, either 
specifically or as part of broader reports from the different executive areas of the Bank on Sustainability matters.
Consolidated Management Report Consolidated Non-financial Information Statement
48
This English version is a translation of the original in Spanish for information purposes only. In case of a discrepancy, the Spanish original will prevail.

Knowledge, experience and capabilities of the Board of Directors
In order to perform its duties in this area in the best possible way and, in particular, to be able to form an appropriate opinion on the 
material impacts, risks and opportunities that Sustainability generates for the Group, the Board considers it necessary to have 
knowledge and experience in this area. To this end, it continues to develop initiatives that have resulted in the incorporation, within the 
process of progressive renewal of its members, of people with extensive knowledge and experience in these matters, and in the 
extension of the ongoing training program for its members to subjects related to Sustainability.
In this regard, the composition of the Board of Directors is continuously reviewed both directly by the Board of Directors and through 
the Appointments Committee to ensure diversity of viewpoints, alignment with strategic needs and that the Board of Directors as a 
whole has an appropriate composition at all times. 
As can be seen from this matrix of competencies and diversity, the BBVA Board of Directors has a diversity of knowledge, 
competencies and experience (national and international) in essential areas for BBVA, which allows it to have, as a whole, a balanced, 
diverse and qualified composition, which facilitates the development of the functions of the corporate bodies. 
In this regard, the Board has the knowledge and experience in areas considered key to BBVA's strategy, business and activities, as 
well as knowledge of the environment, activities, strategy and risks of both the Bank and the Group. Specifically, in the area of 
Sustainability, the Board of Directors has been strengthening its competencies, both through specific training and through the 
incorporation in recent years of directors with extensive experience and knowledge in Sustainability. 
This knowledge and experience relates to general issues related to Sustainability (for example, inclusive growth, climate transition, 
etc.), as well as to specific aspects of Sustainability in the financial sector, affecting not only the transition process of the sector as a 
whole, but also specific products and services related to those offered by the Group in the countries in which it operates. All of this 
makes it possible to ensure that the Board of Directors, as a whole, has solid competencies in matters of Sustainability in general 
terms and in relation to the Bank's impacts and strategies, through the sustainable products and services it promotes in the countries 
in which it operates, more specifically.
In turn, this knowledge is complemented by the reports, presentations and specific training offered to the Board of Directors and its 
various Committees by the Bank's executive teams, which have extensive experience and knowledge in their respective areas of 
specialization and, specifically, with respect to the products and services offered by the Group in the countries in which it operates.
For its part, in order to update knowledge of matters relevant to the performance of its functions and as a complement to the 
knowledge and competencies of the directors, the Board of Directors has an annual continuous training program, in which non-
executive directors receive, through different sessions, specific training on those matters that are considered relevant to the exercise 
of their functions, such as, among others, those related to Sustainability. 
In order to configure the training program for directors, consideration is given to, on the one hand, the changes in the small 
businesses environment or in the regulatory or supervisory sphere that may arise at any given time and, on the other hand, the 
specific suggestions and requests of directors on topics that are of interest to them. 
Specifically, during the 2024 financial year, of the training sessions included in the training program of the Board of Directors, some of 
them dealt specifically with issues related to Sustainability, notwithstanding the fact that, in other presentations with a more general 
focus, other issues related to Sustainability were also analyzed. All of these sessions have been given by Group experts in each of the 
subjects covered and supporting documentation has been provided in advance in order to prepare the session and raise questions. 
Each of the training sessions has been developed with the open stake of the directors, where the issues that each director has 
considered appropriate have been addressed and which have been addressed by the speakers.
Consolidated Management Report Consolidated Non-financial Information Statement
49
This English version is a translation of the original in Spanish for information purposes only. In case of a discrepancy, the Spanish original will prevail.

For more information on BBVA's Corporate Governance system, please consult the 2024 Annual Corporate Governance Report, 
which is incorporated by reference into The BBVA Group's consolidated Management Report.
Integrating sustainability into the variable remuneration model for executive directors
BBVA has a Remuneration Policy for BBVA Directors approved by the General Shareholders' Meeting on March 17, 2023 for the years 
2023, 2024, 2025 and 2026, which regulates the remuneration of the members of the Board of Directors, both executive and non-
executive, and which is available on the Bank's website. 
The BBVA Directors' Remuneration Policy is part of the elements designed by the Board of Directors as part of the bank's Corporate 
Governance system and has been defined within the framework of commercial legislation and the specific regulations applicable to 
credit institutions, also taking into account best practices and recommendations in terms of compensation at a local and international 
level. Suggestions received within the framework of the constant and constructive dialogue that BBVA maintains with its 
shareholders, investors and other stakeholders have also been taken into consideration.
In accordance with the provisions of the BBVA Directors' Remuneration Policy, BBVA executive directors have an annual variable 
remuneration that includes a short-term incentive, like the rest of the Group's staff, and also a long-term incentive, like the rest of the 
staff whose professional activities have a significant impact on the risk profile of BBVA and/or its Group.
The short-term incentive will be calculated taking as a reference the target short-term incentive established for each executive 
director in the BBVA Directors' Remuneration Policy (which represents the amount of the short-term incentive if 100% of the pre-
established objectives are achieved), based on the result of a series of indicators, both financial and non-financial, with an annual 
measurement period, which are aligned with the most relevant management metrics and with the Group's strategic priorities.
ANNUAL VARIABLE REMUNERATION 2024 - SHORT-TERM INCENTIVE ANNUAL INDICATORS (BBVA GROUP. 
PERCENTAGE %)  
 
(Measurement period 2024)
Weighting on 
ICP Objective
Weighting on 
RVA Target (1) 
Weighting on 
RVA 2024 granted (2)
FINANCIAL
Net attributable profit
20
13
14
RORC
20
13
14
Efficiency ratio
20
13
11
NON-FINANCIAL
Net Promoted Score (NPS) 
15
10
7
Target customers
15
10
7
Sustainable business channel
10
6
7
(1) The target short-term incentive (TSI) represents 64% of the target annual variable compensation (AVR) for executive directors.
(2) Taking into account the short-term incentive generated with an achievement level of 126% of the target short-term incentive and assuming an achievement level of 150% of 
the target long-term incentive. However, the final amount of the annual variable compensation will depend on the result of the long-term indicators (at year-end 2027), which 
may be in a range of 0% to 150% achievement.
The long-term incentive will be calculated using as a reference the target long-term incentive (which represents the amount of the 
long-term incentive if 100% of the pre-established objectives are achieved), in the amounts established in the BBVA Directors' 
Remuneration Policy for each executive director, based on the result of a series of long-term indicators , both financial and non-
financial, which allow the Group's performance to be taken into account in a multi-annual framework, and which prioritize the creation 
of value and profitability for the shareholder and for the Group in the long term, as well as the progressive achievement of the Bank's 
goals and objectives in the area of Sustainability.
ANNUAL VARIABLE REMUNERATION 2024 - LONG-TERM INCENTIVE LONG-TERM INDICATORS (BBVA GROUP. 
PERCENTAGE %)
(Multi-year measurement period with targets to 2027)
Weighting on 
ILP Target
Weighting on 
RVA Target (1)
Weighting on 
RVA 2024 granted (2)
FINANCIAL
Tangible Book Value per share (TBV per share)
40
14
16
Relative Total Shareholder Return (Relative TSR)
40
14
16
NON-FINANCIAL
Portfolio decarbonization (3)
15
5
6
Percentage of women in management positions
5
2
2
(1) The target long-term incentive (LTI) represents 36% of the target annual variable compensation (AVR) of the executive directors.
(2) Taking into account the short-term incentive generated with an achievement level of 126% of the target short-term incentive and assuming an achievement level of 150% of 
the target long-term incentive. However, the final amount of the annual variable compensation will depend on the result of the long-term indicators (at year-end 2027), which 
may be in a range of 0% to 150% achievement.
(3) The amount of the long-term incentive for the year 2024 of the executive directors (assuming a level of achievement of 150%) associated with the Decarbonization of the 
portfolio indicator represents 3.7% of the total remuneration for the year 2024 of the Chairman and 3.0% of the total remuneration for the year 2024 of the Chief Executive 
Officer. Total compensation includes in both cases the fixed and variable components of the executive directors' compensation.
Consolidated Management Report Consolidated Non-financial Information Statement
50
This English version is a translation of the original in Spanish for information purposes only. In case of a discrepancy, the Spanish original will prevail.

The indicators for calculating the annual variable remuneration include several non-financial or Sustainability-related 
indicators -IReNe, Target Clients, Sustainable Business Channeling, Decarbonization of the Portfolio and Percentage of 
Women in Management Positions- which together represent 32.8% of the target annual variable remuneration. For more 
information on the indicators approved for calculating the annual variable remuneration for the 2024 financial year, as well as on the 
objectives, results and level of achievement of the annual indicators for executive directors, see the section "Quality employment and 
competitive remuneration" within the chapter "Own workforce" relating to the Corporate variable remuneration Model applicable in 
2024. 
Furthermore, for more information on the remuneration system for members of the Board of Directors and the individual 
remuneration accrued by directors in the 2024 financial year, you can consult the Annual Report on Remuneration of BBVA Directors 
2024, which is incorporated by reference into The BBVA Group's consolidated Management Report.
General Sustainability Policy
The General Sustainability Policy covers several key areas that are considered essential for the responsible growth of BBVA. 
Specifically, this policy covers the following general principles of action in the area of sustainability: 
–
Supporting customers in their transition toward more sustainable business models by acting as a lever to promote such 
behaviors or actions, for example, through the channeling of sustainable business in relation to decarbonization and the 
energy transition, and contributing to customers' adaptation to climate change.
–
Progressively incorporating sustainability-related opportunities and risks into its strategy, business, processes and risk 
management. BBVA observes this principle by expanding its sustainable product portfolio and considering climate 
transition risk in its operations.
–
Being mindful of the direct and indirect environmental and social impacts of its businesses and activities in key areas, 
promoting the positive impacts and minimizing the negative ones, such as managing the impact of GHG emissions from the 
financed portfolio and the services offered to customers. 
–
Respecting the dignity and human rights of people in accordance with various widely recognized national and international 
commitments to which it has adhered.
–
Undertaking community investment programs and activities to address the most relevant challenges of the communities in 
which the Group is present, with the aspiration of creating opportunities for all. 
–
Getting involved as an agent of social change alongside other stakeholders (employees, shareholders, suppliers or society in 
general) with the aim of creating opportunities for all, and bringing to bear its competencies, business knowledge, 
capabilities and resources to succeed in this task. As part of this principle, BBVA carries out training to increase awareness 
and education in sustainability among employees and customers. 
These themes are aligned with the impacts, risks and opportunities (IROs) identified in the double materiality analysis and reflect the 
commitments made by BBVA in different areas. For more information on the identified IROs, see the “Double materiality analysis” 
chapter.
The Board of Directors itself, as the highest oversight body of BBVA, will supervise the effective application of the policy, either 
directly or through its Committees.
This policy is public to all stakeholders and is available on the corporate website bbva.com.
Consolidated Management Report Consolidated Non-financial Information Statement
51
This English version is a translation of the original in Spanish for information purposes only. In case of a discrepancy, the Spanish original will prevail.

Framework for integrating sustainability into the executive level and financing 
structure
Integration of sustainability in the executive level across the Group
The implementation of the sustainability strategy, approved by BBVA's Corporate Bodies, involves cross-functional integration at the 
executive level. For this implementation, the Group has the Global Sustainability Area, whose Head reports directly to both the Chief 
Executive Officer, in business matters, and to the Group Executive Chairman in matters of transformation and sustainability strategy.
Thus, the execution of the Sustainability strategy is transversal in nature in the Group, and it is the responsibility of all its areas to 
progressively incorporate it into their strategic agenda and work dynamics. To this end, the Global Sustainability Area has the 
responsibility, among others, of designing and promoting the execution of the Group's strategic sustainability agenda (with a focus on 
the fight against climate change, the protection of natural capital and inclusive growth) and business development in this area; 
establishing the Group's objectives in these matters; and promoting and coordinating the Group's different lines of work in this area, 
developed by the different areas; maintaining in all areas of the Group the objective of promoting integrity in the relationship with the 
different stakeholders.
In this way, the Sustainability governance model in the Group integrates the governance model of the Corporate Bodies with a 
transversal structure at the executive level led by the Global Sustainability Area, which promotes the execution of the strategic 
priority in the different areas of the Group, in accordance with the main focuses of action in terms of Sustainability provided for in the 
Group's General Sustainability Policy (climate change and protection of natural capital as well as inclusive growth).
(1) Includes: Corporate & Investment Banking and Commercial Client Solutions & Retail Client Solutions Spain, Mexico, Turkey and South America.
As detailed in the graph above, the Global Sustainability Area incorporates dependencies from the business units of both Commercial 
Client Solutions and Retail Client Solutions as well as CIB, a business unit with which it shares its Head, with the aim of strengthening 
and accelerating the integration of Sustainability into the Group's business.
In addition, BBVA has developed a network of experts, made up of Sustainability specialists from different areas of the Group (Retail 
Client Solutions, Commercial Client Solutions, Corporate & Investment Banking, Asset Management, GRM, Finance, Regulation & 
Internal Control, Legal, Internal Audit and the Global Sustainability Area itself). These teams of specialists are responsible for 
generating knowledge in the field of Sustainability in the Group for proposals and solutions for customers, as well as supporting the 
areas in the development and implementation of new value propositions in the area of Sustainability, the integration of Sustainability 
risks in risk management, the management of non-financial risks, as well as the definition of a public agenda and Sustainability 
standards.
In 2022, the Sustainability Alignment Steering Group (hereinafter SASG) was created to make proposals and monitor the alignment 
objectives of the sectors for which specific objectives have been set and to supervise their compliance. It is made up of the heads of 
the Corporate & Investment Banking, GRM, Global Sustainability Area, Strategy and Regulation & Internal Control business areas.
Following its passage through the SASG, the monitoring of compliance with the objectives, including the explanation of possible 
deviations and redirection measures (if applicable) is presented on a quarterly basis for review at the highest executive level and 
subsequently to the Corporate Bodies, with a minimum frequency of biannually. For more information, see the section “Transition 
Plan of BBVA Group”.
Consolidated Management Report Consolidated Non-financial Information Statement
52
This English version is a translation of the original in Spanish for information purposes only. In case of a discrepancy, the Spanish original will prevail.

With regard to the area of ESG public disclosure, the Group has an ESG Reporting Committee. The Committee serves as a 
coordination and support body at executive level aimed at ensuring that the information to be disclosed on Sustainability matters that 
is to be formulated by the corporate bodies of the BBVA Group reflects the Sustainability objectives and strategy, risk management 
model and relevant quality standards. The Committee is led by the Finance area and the following areas participate in it: Global 
Sustainability Area, Global Risk Management, Regulation & Internal Control, Legal Services, General Secretary, Data, Chair Office, 
Talent & Culture, and Internal Audit.
To strengthen the cross-cutting integration of sustainability, BBVA has incorporated other aspects related to Sustainability into its 
day-to-day operations, both in its relationship with customers and in its internal processes, including its management control and 
reporting processes. The following actions can be highlighted:
–
Progressive integration of sustainability into financial reports for Senior Management and the business areas
In Spain for example, these reports include an analysis of the trend in profits and returns and the impact on the income 
statement, and certain decisions on how best to allocate internal resources are made on the basis of this information.
–
Use of financial information for decision-making based on the sustainability axis
Likewise in Spain, for example, this information includes data on Sustainable Business Channeling, profitability, percentage 
of penetration of sustainable activity, as well as balance sheets and income statements that enable the Group to monitor the 
sustainable business for each segment of activity.
–
Incorporating global and local Sustainability projects into the single SDA (Single Development Agenda) project 
agenda
Development and Implementation of Global and Local Sustainability Projects under the Single Development Agenda (SDA). 
The SDA is a unified governance framework where projects are prioritized, and the necessary financial resources and 
human capital are allocated for their execution. The amount allocated to sustainability-related projects totals 52.5 million 
euros in 202428. The investments are focused on the following areas: (i) Transformational projects to be able to offer 
sustainable products for existing businesses as well as to grow in new markets, strengthening our long-term competitive 
position; (ii) Risk and process projects aimed at the comprehensive adaptation of current components and the 
implementation of new controls for physical and transition risks; (iii) Transition support projects to assist in achieving the 
decarbonization objectives; (iv) Community investment projects with a strong focus on inclusive growth; (v) Projects to 
implement the main requirements related to ESG reporting; and (vi) Technological projects to integrate the sustainability 
axis into the data models and implement global indicators to track the volume of sustainable financing channeled.
Integration into the financing structure
The issuance of own green, social and sustainable bonds – with both a green and social component – plays a key role in achieving the 
aforementioned objectives. Green, social and sustainable bonds and other debt instruments are effective instruments for financing 
BBVA's business in customer projects in sectors such as renewable energy, energy efficiency, waste management, water treatment 
or access to essential needs and services such as housing or inclusive finance.
In April 2018, BBVA published its framework for issuing its own green, social and sustainable bonds, linked to the UN Sustainable 
Development Goals (SDGs). Under this framework, BBVA can issue three types of bonds:
–
Green bonds: debt instruments whose proceeds will be used to finance new and/or existing green projects;
–
Social bonds: debt instruments whose proceeds will be used to finance new and/or existing social projects;
–
Sustainable bonds: debt instruments whose proceeds will be used to finance new and/or existing green and social projects.
This framework is aligned with the Green and Social Bond Principles and the ICMA Sustainable Bonds Guidelines of 2018, supported 
by robust governance and strict management and monitoring of the net proceeds obtained, verified by an independent third party. 
The framework is public and available on the BBVA shareholders and investors website.
In 2022, a new global framework for the issuance of sustainable debt instruments was published (replacing – except for current 
issues – the 2018 Bond Framework). The framework was updated to align it with the eligibility criteria for the environmental and 
inclusive growth categories provided for in BBVA's internal standards, based on the principle of substantial contribution provided for 
in the EU taxonomy for climate change, and also to extend it to other debt instruments in addition to bonds. Like the previous version, 
the 2022 framework is aligned with the Green Bond Principles, the Social Bond Principles and the ICMA Sustainability Bond 
Guidelines. It also has been verified by an independent third party and is available on BBVA's shareholders and investors website.
The framework is reviewed annually and may be updated, depending on the relevance of the changes (the last update was carried out 
in 2023).
Consolidated Management Report Consolidated Non-financial Information Statement
53
This English version is a translation of the original in Spanish for information purposes only. In case of a discrepancy, the Spanish original will prevail.
28 The figure includes information from Spain, Mexico, Turkey, Argentina, Colombia, Peru, Uruguay and Venezuela.

The green, social and sustainable bonds - with both a green and social component - issued by Group entities under the frameworks 
described in the previous paragraphs and pending amortization as of December 31, 2024 are:
GREEN, SOCIAL AND SUSTAINABLE BONDS OUTSTANDING IN 2024 ISSUED BY BBVA, S.A. OR GUARANTEED BY BBVA 
S.A.
Issuing Entity 
Category
Type of issue (1)
Year of issue 
Nominal 
(millions) 
Currency
BBVA S.A 
Green bond 
SNP 
2018
1,000
EUR 
BBVA S.A 
Green bond 
SNP 
2019
1,000
EUR 
BBVA S.A 
Green bond 
AT1 
2020
1,000
EUR 
BBVA S.A 
Green bond 
SP 
2022
215
CHF 
BBVA S.A 
Green bond 
SP 
2022
210
CHF 
BBVA S.A 
Green bond 
SP 
2022
1,250
EUR 
BBVA S.A 
Green bond 
SP 
2024
1,000
EUR 
BBVA Global Markets 
Green bond 
SP 
2019
34
EUR 
BBVA Global Markets 
Green bond 
SP
2022
43
PLN 
BBVA Global Markets 
Green bond 
SP 
2023
64
PLN 
BBVA Global Markets 
Green bond 
SP 
2024
10
USD 
BBVA Global Markets 
Green bond 
SP 
2024
16
AUD 
BBVA Global Markets 
Green bond 
SP 
2024
16
AUD 
BBVA Global Markets 
Green bond 
SP 
2024
30
USD 
BBVA Global Markets 
Green bond 
SP 
2024
10
USD 
BBVA S.A 
Social bond 
SP 
2020
1,000
EUR 
In the area of green, social, and sustainable bonds, business areas that issue products identified as such under the applicable criteria 
receive a bonus, provided the financing cost of these types of bonds is lower than that of conventional bonds. This is determined by 
BBVA’s Funds Transfer Pricing (FTP) system, which is reviewed within the Corporate Asset Liability Committee framework and 
serves as the baseline for the Group’s other geographical areas.
The FTP system is an essential component of BBVA’s liquidity and funding management. It serves as a tool to assign a price to the 
products offered by the Bank, reflecting the liquidity and funding cost of each transaction and acting as a key component for 
profitability measurement.
Consolidated Management Report Consolidated Non-financial Information Statement
54
This English version is a translation of the original in Spanish for information purposes only. In case of a discrepancy, the Spanish original will prevail.

1.4.2 ESG assessment and monitoring of customers 
BBVA obtains ESG information from its customers and third parties to assess and monitor the ESG suitability of customers and deals.
Wholesale customers
BBVA assesses and monitors its wholesale customers' under 4 dimensions:
–
Their activities with special focus to those with potential negative environmental and social impact, covered under the 
Environmental and Social Framework 
–
Their transition risks leveraging on Transition Risk assessment tools
–
Their behavior / controversies: Encompassed in the ESG controversies management procedure
–
Their projects assessed under the Equator Principles
Environmental and Social Framework 
The Environmental and Social Framework (hereinafter, the “Framework”) aims to establish criteria for the identification, assessment 
and monitoring of certain activities of the following sectors, selected for their high potential impact on nature and society: mining, 
agro-industry, energy, infrastructure and defense. In this way, the Framework identifies restrictions, either via prohibited activities or 
activities requiring special attention in these sectors.
BBVA, with the support of an independent advisor, analyses whether wholesale customers covered by its Framework do not engage in 
prohibited activities in the sectors covered by it. It also analyses whether they engage in an activity requiring special attention, in 
which case BBVA assesses the environmental and social impacts derived from the activity to be financed and may, where 
appropriate, initiate a plan for dialogue and support with the customer under the terms provided in the Framework.
In December 2024, an update of the Framework was carried out, approved by the Head of the Global Sustainability Area, in order to 
evaluate its effectiveness and update it based on best practices, the evolution of international standards and the expectations of our 
stakeholders.
Transition Risk assessment 
BBVA has developed a “Guide to integrating ESG factors into wholesale credit analysis” which identifies the most relevant 
environmental and social aspects by industry and obtains metrics to monitor the performance of corporate customers.
Additionally, BBVA has defined an internal taxonomy of transition risk in order to classify sectors based on their sensitivity to this type 
of risk. This taxonomy is used to develop and define the sector frameworks that are used in credit acceptance. The sector frameworks 
include metrics that allow assessment of the vulnerability of each customer to transition risks, and this aspect is integrated to support 
risk decisions. 
The Transition Risk Indicator (TRi) classify customers according to their emissions profile and decarbonization strategies, with a 
sectoral approach and based on the analysis of key variables. This metric allows the monitoring of the evolution of the customers. 
Additional information on this point is detailed in section “Management of risks associated with climate change” of this report.
ESG controversies management
In 2024, BBVA implemented a procedure for managing environmental and social controversies associated with wholesale 
customers29. Specifically, the outcomes are incorporated in the customer financial programs. This procedure identifies existing 
processes that prevent controversies from materializing, as well as establishing the management and resolution method. 
Equator Principles
Although financing projects in sectors such as energy, transport and social services boosts economic development and creates jobs, 
it also has potential environmental and social impacts. For this reason, BBVA implements environmental and social risk assessment 
processes to mitigate and prevent negative impacts, reinforcing the economic, social and environmental value of these financing 
projects.
In 2004, BBVA signed the Equator Principles (EP), which establish standards for environmental and social risk management in project 
financing. Currently in their fourth version (EP4), these principles are applied globally in all industrial sectors and cover five project-
related financial products:
1.
Advice on financing
2.
Financing
3.
Corporate loans 
4.
Bridge loans
5.
Re-financing and acquisition.
Consolidated Management Report Consolidated Non-financial Information Statement
55
This English version is a translation of the original in Spanish for information purposes only. In case of a discrepancy, the Spanish original will prevail.
29 Procedure approved in 2023.

In accordance with the EP, BBVA subjects each project under the scope of EP4 to an environmental and social due diligence analysis, 
considering impacts on environmental and human rights. This analysis is integrated into BBVA's internal processes for structuring, 
admitting and monitoring operations, aligning with its Framework. Each deal is classified according to its risk level (categories A, B or 
C) and the documentation provided by the customer and independent advisors is reviewed. A specialized team at BBVA supervises 
and evaluates these projects, contributing to the decisions of the risk committees and approvals.
Regarding the human rights assessment and in accordance with the EP, BBVA requires due diligence on projects that may impact 
indigenous communities. In cases where this circumstance occurs, the free, prior and informed consent of these communities must 
be obtained, regardless of the geographic location of the project - in line with the recommendations of the EP Association. It also 
requires, in accordance with the projects, liaison with the communities impacted by the projects. If potential risks are detected, the 
operation must include effective management of these risks, as well as operational mechanisms for managing claims. Regarding 
climate impacts, in accordance with the EP, the impacts of the projects are assessed considering scenarios, as well as mitigation and 
management measures adopted.
The data on the financed operations that were analyzed under the Equator Principles during fiscal years 2023 and 2022 are detailed 
below:
DATA OF FINANCED TRANSACTIONS ANALYZED ACCORDING TO THE EQUATOR PRINCIPLES CRITERIA 
Category A (1)
Category B (2)
Category C (3)
2024
2023
2024
2023
2024
2023
Number of transactions
5
5
40
25
17
13
Total amount (millions of euros)
5,366
21,326
27,079
12,675
21,972
15,986
Amount financed by BBVA (millions of 
euros)
440
957
2,943
1,597
1,334
1,020
(1) Category A: projects with potentially significant adverse social or environmental impacts that are irreversible or unprecedented.
(2) Category B: projects with potentially limited adverse social and environmental impacts that are few in number, generally site-specific, largely reversible and readily 
addressed through mitigation measures.
(3) Category C: projects with minimal or no social or environmental impacts.
Of a total of 81 deals analyzed (100% of operations under the scope of the Equator Principles, in 2023: 81), 62 operations have been 
signed in 2024 (43 in 2023) and 8 operations have been rejected for reasons related to the business and risk (credit and 
environmental and social) of the operations (11 operations were rejected in 2023). Of the deals signed in 2024, 50% correspond to 
the power generation sector, 44% to the infrastructure sector and 6% to other sectors. By geographical area, 56% to the Americas 
and 44% belong to Europe, the Middle East and Africa (EMEA).
Enterprise customers 
Enterprise customers follow a similar approach to wholesale customers. That is since December 2024, the Framework has been 
revised to include Corporate Banking customers30 within this segment (materiality thresholds defined for each geography based on 
their capital base, associated risk amount, leverage level, and credit rating). Moreover, the Transition Risk Assessment applies to 
enterprise customers (adapted to the size and complexity of the customers). Finally, the scope of the ESG controversies and EP 
proceedings covers Corporate Banking customers.
In 2024, progress has been made in developing internal capabilities to classify customers based on their publicly available 
information, low-carbon business profile and decarbonization plans. BBVA has used data analytics to calculate the carbon footprint of 
companies and uses it to offer value solutions to its customers.
Retail customers
BBVA identifies, accredits and documents the activity carried out by retail customers through KYC under a risk approach. KYC allows 
us to have a better knowledge of customers, their operations, product segmentation, channels, needs and transaction traceability.
BBVA has made available to its individual customers the possibility of knowing the impact of their actions on the environment, 
through the use of the carbon footprint calculation tool, with the aim of helping them in the transition to a more sustainable world. For 
more information, see the section “Raising awareness on sustainability issues” within the chapter “Consumers and end users”.
Consolidated Management Report Consolidated Non-financial Information Statement
56
This English version is a translation of the original in Spanish for information purposes only. In case of a discrepancy, the Spanish original will prevail.
30 Corporate Banking customers are generally smaller than CIB customers, with corporate banking product needs and requiring the assignment of a relationship manager 
(according to internal segmentation criteria, subject to periodic review).

1.4.3 Human rights due diligence
BBVA aims to contribute to the respect for Human Rights. This is why it frames this willpower in the Group's General Sustainability 
Policy and aligns it with its Code of Conduct. In this regard, this policy is aligned with the International Bill of Human Rights, the 
Guidelines of the Organization for Economic Cooperation and Development (hereinafter, OECD) for Multinational Business, or the 
fundamental conventions of the International Labor Organization, among others.
Specifically, as provided in the General Sustainability Policy, the Group ensures compliance with all applicable laws and respect for 
internationally recognized human rights in all its relations with employees, customers, shareholders, suppliers and, in general, with 
the communities in which it conducts its businesses and activities.
In 2024, BBVA has continued to take an active role in the field of future EU legislative initiatives in this area, participating in the 
Working Groups on Sustainable Finance of the European Banking Federation (EBF), the Financial Markets Association of Europe and 
the European Financial Services Roundtable. BBVA contributes its opinion to the development of sectoral positions on various EU 
initiatives. In this context, it is worth highlighting the work of dialogue and support with the European regulator in relation to the 
development of the directive on corporate due diligence in matters of sustainability.
BBVA identifies the social and labor risks that arise from its activity in the different areas and countries in which it operates in order to 
manage the potential impacts generated, through the entity's ordinary risk management processes, or through standards and 
existing processes that integrate the human rights perspective, such as the Equator Principles (for more information, see the 
“Reputational risk” section of the “Risk management” chapter; and the Equator Principles section of the “ESG assessment and 
monitoring of customers” section).
Human Rights Due Diligence Process
Within the framework of the above, since 2018, the BBVA Group has carried out two global Human Rights Due Diligence 
exercises with the aim of preventing, mitigating and remedying potential impacts on human rights (such as human trafficking, forced 
labor, child labor, freedom of association and collective bargaining and, equal pay or discrimination).
Through it, BBVA has analyzed the following aspects:
–
Identification of the main issues or potential impacts of operations.
–
Improvements within BBVA to try to prevent and mitigate these impacts.
–
The availability of channels and processes that facilitate grievance mechanisms for those affected in the event of a breach.
As a result, Action Plan on Human Rights was drawn up and published, with the actions to be developed by the BBVA Group in this 
area in the following years. 
Similarly, the global due diligence processes were replicated in Spain, Mexico, Turkey, Argentina, Colombia, Peru, Uruguay and 
Venezuela. In 2021, each country prioritized the issues with the greatest impact and frequency as a result of the country's social and 
governmental practices and the interviews held with the management areas and global risk control specialists. 
As a consequence, each country developed its own action plan. To ensure effective follow-up, a six-monthly evaluation of the action 
plans was carried out at the local level. Strategies adopted to mitigate risks included the strengthening of key procedures at the local 
level to implement established global policies, in addition to interviews with management areas and risk control specialists at the 
global level.
In this regard, using these exercises, internal Group processes, actions and policies, among others, address and mitigate the 
possibility of occurrence of the following issues; human trafficking and forced labor, child labor, freedom of association and collective 
bargaining, equal pay or discrimination.
To identify and assess impacts, the Group has developed an internal taxonomy that assesses 28 human rights issues grouped into 6 
thematic blocks: employment conditions, projects and products (with a focus on large corporate customers), supply chain, customer 
welfare, respect for communities and cross-cutting issues (such as data protection and the impact of new technologies on human 
rights).
It is worth noting that 9 of these issues fall under the thematic block ‘employment conditions’ which includes issues related to own 
staff, such as combating discrimination in employment and pay, fair recruitment and pay, employment rights and relations, and 
health and safety. In addition, 3 issues in the taxonomy cover aspects of customer welfare such as accessibility, service and safety 
and respect. In the case of both employees and customers, it was taken into account that policies relating to these issues are in line 
with the United Nations Guiding Principles on Business and Human Rights and the ILO Declaration on Fundamental Principles and 
Rights at Work or the OECD Guidelines for Multinational Enterprises.
In the due diligence process each of the 28 issues has been evaluated around the:
–
Inherent risk: based on the severity of the impact and the frequency of occurrence of each issue.
–
Residual risk: assessing the mitigating aspects available to BBVA to manage each issue. In this identification and 
assessment phase, the potential negative impacts on stakeholders were taken into account, such as employees themselves 
(with a focus on women), suppliers or subcontractors, customers, as well as the indigenous population and local 
communities.
In 2024, the progress of the Action Plan on Human Rights 2021-2023 continued to be monitored.
Consolidated Management Report Consolidated Non-financial Information Statement
57
This English version is a translation of the original in Spanish for information purposes only. In case of a discrepancy, the Spanish original will prevail.

To assess the availability of grievance mechanisms, the main complaint channels that the Group makes available to interested 
parties were analyzed. The evaluation of these channels was carried out according to the effectiveness criteria set out in article 31 of 
the United Nations Guiding Principles on Business and Human Rights: legitimate, accessible, predictable, equitable, transparent, 
compatible with rights, a source of continuous learning and based on stake and dialogue with stakeholders.
It is worth noting that BBVA has a Whistleblower Channel that allows any stakeholder to report, confidentially and anonymously, if 
they so prefer, any behavior that, in their opinion, is directly or indirectly related to human rights.
In particular, the Whistleblowing Channel is the tool available to all employees to file a complaint when they consider that a situation of 
harassment has arisen. The BBVA Group is committed to acting proactively, effectively and firmly to prevent, detect, correct and 
punish any type of conduct constituting harassment, and to this end it has protocols and procedures for action available to 
employees.
In 2024, complaints received through this channel showed no evidence of human rights violations attributable to Group entities. For 
more information, see the ‘Whistleblowing channel’ section in the “Governance information” chapter of this report.
In 2024, the sexual harassment protocol was activated on 63 occasions, with the existence of sexual harassment being confirmed in 
19 cases that ended in the dismissal of the persons reported. The workplace harassment protocol was activated in the same period on 
54 occasions, and harassment was not found in any of them. The protocol for harassment due to sexual orientation, sexual identity 
and gender expression was activated on one occasion, and no harassment was found. During the year 2024 there have been no firm 
sanctions or fines for cases of discrimination or harassment31.
Additionally, in 2024 BBVA has not been informed of potential claims filed at the National Contact Points (hereinafter, PNC)32 where it 
is present.
Consolidated Management Report Consolidated Non-financial Information Statement
58
This English version is a translation of the original in Spanish for information purposes only. In case of a discrepancy, the Spanish original will prevail.
31 The information referred to in this paragraph covers companies that represent 98.0% of the Group's official workforce, as it does not include the companies BBVA Agencia 
Insurances Colombia, BBVA Insurances Grales Colombia, BBVA Valores Colombia, Openpay Colombia, Movistar Consumer Finance Colombia, SAS, BBVA Red Exterior de oficina, 
BBVA Brasil, BCO. Investimento, BBVA Holding Chile, SA, BBVA Foundation Mexico, AC, Distrito Castellana Norte (DCN), Garantibank International NV, Garanti Bank SA 
(Romania), Ralfi IFN SA, Motoractive IFN SA, Garanti Bank G, Motoractive Multiservices SRL, Garanti Kultur / SAL.
32 The National Contact Point for Responsible Business Conduct aims to promote compliance with the OECD Guidelines on Responsible Business Conduct for Multinational 
Business and manage the claim mechanisms established therein.

1.4.4 Internal control over the Consolidated Non-financial Information 
Statement
The information in the BBVA Group's Consolidated Non-financial Information Statement (NFIS) is prepared under an internal control 
Model that supports its reliability.
In recent years, the Group has worked on strengthening its NFIS internal control Model. This model is based on the same 
methodological, governance and control components that operate in the Financial Reporting internal control System, ensuring 
coherence and integration between the two. In addition, it is subject to ongoing assessment by the Group's internal control units, 
coordinated by the Internal Financial Control area, located in the Group's various entities.
To ensure the necessary independence in the implementation of the control model for information relating to the NFIS, the various 
internal control units are integrated into the Regulation & Internal Control area. This area, whose Head reports to the Board of 
Directors, through its Committees, defines and coordinates the entire internal control model of the Group, which is structured into 
three lines of defense and is described in the”General risk management and control model”, included in the “Risk Management” 
section of this document.
The main risks associated with the NFIS disclosure process relate to the following aspects: the interpretation and application of 
regulations regarding non-financial and sustainability information; the completeness and integrity of data from multiple internal and 
external sources; the availability of information; the processing of both qualitative and quantitative data and the inherent complexity 
of their validation, as well as the accuracy of estimates used.
To mitigate these risks, controls are carried out related to the monitoring, updating and documentation of the applicable regulations, 
the coordination of the preparation process, the identification of key processes, roles and responsibilities, data validation, cross-
checking, documentation of the methodologies used in estimates and supervision and review by the various Committees and 
Governing Bodies.
There are inherent limitations to the effectiveness of any control model, including controls and procedures relating to the 
development and disclosure of information. Consequently, even effective controls and procedures for the development and 
disclosure of information have limitations in providing assurance that all of their control objectives are achieved.
The different Control units follow a common and homogeneous methodology established at the corporate level, which basically 
consists of: i) Identifying the risks with the greatest potential impact on the generation of information and the processes involved in 
the generation of said information. ii) Performing an analysis of the risk situations, errors or inaccuracies that may arise in each of 
these processes. iii) Defining and operationalizing the most appropriate controls to mitigate the identified risks. iv) Evaluating the 
design and operation of the controls. v) Developing action plans and assigning those responsible for remedying any potential control 
weaknesses identified.
Finally, the results of the annual internal evaluation of the internal control Model on the NFIS, carried out by the Group's control areas, 
are reported to the Audit Committee.
Consolidated Management Report Consolidated Non-financial Information Statement
59
This English version is a translation of the original in Spanish for information purposes only. In case of a discrepancy, the Spanish original will prevail.

2. Environmental information
2.1 Climate change
2.1.1 Transition plan of BBVA Group
2.1.2 Management of risks associated with climate change
2.1.3 Resilience of the strategy to climate change risks
2.1.4 Energy consumption and carbon footprint of BBVA Group
2.1.5 Sustainable financing under Article 8 of the European Taxonomy
2.2 Natural capital
2.2.1 Identification and measurement of risks and opportunities associated with natural capital
2.2.2 Management of other direct environmental impacts
For BBVA, "Helping our clients transition toward a sustainable future" is a strategic priority. The environmental dimension of 
sustainability is of great importance to BBVA. That is why, through its products and services, it plays an important role in its 
customers’ transition.
With this relevance of the environmental dimension, the following elements related to climate change are highlighted:
BBVA has designed a Transition Plan in which intermediate emissions reduction targets for 2030 have been set for 11 sectors, a 
decarbonization strategy for the loan portfolio has been developed, and its progress is being monitored.
The Group has also incorporated the management of risks associated with climate change into its processes, integrating this 
factor into its risk planning, in order to continue making progress in its identification and assessment. Additionally, the steps that the 
Group is taking to check the resilience of its strategy in the face of different climate scenarios are described.
The decarbonization plan for customers is complemented by a plan to reduce the BBVA Group's own footprint, for which its 
energy consumption and carbon footprint are being measured and managed.
Finally, BBVA is making progress in identifying and measuring the risks associated with natural capital and in developing business 
opportunities in this area, as well as in managing its other direct environmental impacts.
Consolidated Management Report Consolidated Non-financial Information Statement
60
This English version is a translation of the original in Spanish for information purposes only. In case of a discrepancy, the Spanish original will prevail.

2.1 Climate change
Climate change is one of the greatest challenges of our time and BBVA recognizes its important role in mitigating it. Firstly, because of 
its responsibility to society as a purpose-driven organization. Secondly, because BBVA aspires to adequately manage the physical 
risks of climate change and those associated with the transition to a decarbonized economy. Finally, because accompanying its 
customers in this transition with advice and financing represents an unprecedented business opportunity. The transition to a 
decarbonized economy involves a profound and necessary transformation, which entails a radical change in sectors, business models 
and activities, and requires massive investment from the public and private sectors. This investment will only occur if it makes 
economic sense.
As a result, BBVA has defined Climate as one of the three dimensions of its sustainability strategy, the execution of which relies on 
achieving its main objectives: Promoting new business through sustainability and Achieving net zero emissions by 2050.
This relevance is also reflected in the results of the double materiality analysis. Climate change (mitigation, adaptation and energy 
transition) has been determined as a material issue for the Group, identifying positive and negative impacts as well as risks and 
opportunities (hereinafter, IROs).
Among the positive impacts, BBVA's efforts to finance its customers' transition to a more sustainable energy system stand out, which 
is promoted through the strategies and objectives set by the Group to promote investments that contribute to energy efficiency. 
Another positive consequence of the Group's management of the fight against climate change is its contribution to the adaptation of 
customers to climate change, helping them to improve their resilience.
Despite the progress made, BBVA's activity also generates negative impacts, which come from greenhouse gas emissions associated 
with its financed portfolio.
In terms of risks, the most relevant identified as material is the climate transition risk. Customers that do not implement changes in 
their management to address sustainability challenges could face physical and transition risks that could result in an increased 
probability of default.
In terms of opportunities, due to its business model, the Group has the possibility of channeling sustainable business linked to 
decarbonization and innovation of energy systems, thus collaborating in financing the transition and offering its experience to a 
greater number of customers.
To determine the materiality of the aforementioned IROs, the methodology described in the section “Double materiality analysis” has 
been applied. This methodology has taken into account different internal and external inputs, such as, for example, the Risk 
Assessment exercise for climate risk (physical and climate transition risks, including the use of different time horizons and climate 
scenarios for each of the Group's traditional prudential risks), the current business volume in this area, or the extensive knowledge of 
the areas responsible for different aspects of BBVA's relationship with its customers.
Consolidated Management Report Consolidated Non-financial Information Statement
61
This English version is a translation of the original in Spanish for information purposes only. In case of a discrepancy, the Spanish original will prevail.

2.1.1
Transition plan of BBVA Group
BBVA has defined a decarbonization strategy that reflects its goal to contribute to the transition towards a low-carbon economy. In 
this context, it has developed a Transition Plan, following the framework of the recommendations of TCFD33 and the Glasgow 
Financial Alliance for Net Zero (GFANZ).
In this regard, BBVA has integrated key aspects such as climate change mitigation and adaptation, decarbonization objectives, set 
down in sectoral transition plans, and channeling sustainable business into its strategy, governance model, policies and customer 
relations. These elements show the progress made by the Group on this path. For more information on the general aspects of the 
sustainability strategy, see the chapter “Sustainability strategy”.
BBVA's strategy is based on achieving two main objectives, each with its own actions and levers for achievement:
–
Promoting new business through sustainability: With the goal of channeling 300 billion euros into sustainable business 
by 2025, BBVA is promoting the creation of new business around sustainability.
As a result of the progress made in this area, BBVA has managed to channel a total of 304 billion euros into sustainable 
business between 2018 and 2024. This goal has been achieved one year ahead of schedule. For more information, see the 
section “Evolution of the sustainable business channeling” within the chapter “Sustainability strategy”.
–
Achieve Net Zero Emissions by 2050: To reach this goal, BBVA has:
•
set interim emissions reduction targets for 2030;
•
developed a decarbonization strategy for its loan portfolio, and
•
ha established metrics to monitor the progress of the decarbonization.
Additionally, to mitigate the direct environmental impacts generated by its activity, BBVA calculates its carbon footprint and 
has had an emissions reduction plan in place for years, including targets, under its Global Eco-efficiency Plan. For more 
information, see the section “Energy consumption and carbon footprint of BBVA Group”.
In the chapter “Transition plan equivalency table” within the section “Complementary information to the Consolidated Non-Financial 
Information Statement” a table of equivalences disclosed that shows these GFANZ recommendations and the disclosure in this report 
prepared under the premises described in the section “General basis for the preparation of the Consolidated Non-Financial 
Information Statement”.
Intermediate emission reduction targets for 2030
BBVA has set specific emissions reduction targets for 203034 with a sector-based approach that addresses the specific 
characteristics and challenges of each industry on its path towards decarbonization.
BBVA has prioritized those sectors with the most emissions-intensive production processes, such as Oil & Gas, Power generation, 
Auto, Steel, Cement, Coal, Aviation, Shipping, Aluminum and Real estate (commercial and residential), following the guidelines of the 
Net Zero Banking Alliance (NZBA).
The targets are applied at the consolidated Group level in the geographies in which it operates, except for the targets for the real 
estate sector, both commercial and residential, which apply only to Spain. 
The following table shows the decarbonization targets for 2030 that have been defined.
Consolidated Management Report Consolidated Non-financial Information Statement
62
This English version is a translation of the original in Spanish for information purposes only. In case of a discrepancy, the Spanish original will prevail.
33 As of 2024, the ISSB has assumed responsibility for monitoring corporate reporting related to compliance with the guidelines established at the time by the Task Force on 
Climate-related Financial Disclosures (TCFD).
34 The achievement and steady progress toward the decarbonization objectives will depend largely on the actions of third parties, such as customers, governments and other 
stakeholders, and may therefore be materially affected by such action, or lack thereof, as well as by other exogenous factors that do not depend on BBVA (including, but not 
limited to, new technological and regulatory developments, armed conflicts, the course of the climate and energy crises themselves, etc.). Consequently, these objectives may be 
subject to future reviews.

PACTA Sector 
and Value Chain
Metrics
Scope of 
emissions
Scenario
Base year 
(1)
Objective 
2030
Target 
reduction
2023
2024
Market 
data 2024
Reduction 
2023 vs base 
year
Reduction 
2024 vs base 
year
Methodology
Attributed emissions 
associated with the 
value chain
(MTn CO2e) (2)
Oil and Gas 
(upstream)
Absolute emissions 
(million ton  CO2e)
1&2&3
IEA_NZE
14
9.80
(30)%
10.6
10.5
n/a
(24)%
(25)%
PCAF
10.5
Electricity 
(generation)
Emission intensity
(kg CO2e/MWh)
1&2
IEA_NZE
221
107
(52)%
167
139
427
(24)%
(37)%
PACTA
8.1
Auto 
(manufacturers)
Emission intensity
(g CO2/v-km)
3
IEA_NZE
205
110
(46)%
173
165
153
(16)%
(19)%
PACTA
2.8
Steel 
(manufacturers)
Emission intensity
(kg CO2e/ton of 
steel)
1&2
ISF-NZ
1,270
984
(23)%
1,181
1,146
1,690
(7)%
(10)%
PACTA
2.2
Cement 
(manufacturers)
Emission intensity
(kg CO2e/ton 
cement)
1&2
ISF-NZ
700
579
(17)%
713
731
710
2%
4%
PACTA
4.3
Coal (thermal 
coal)
Total amount 
(€Mn) (4)
n/a
n/a
*
*
*
1,552
1,578
n/a
(9)%
(8)%
n/a
0.04
Aviation 
(airlines)
Emissions intensity
(g CO2/PKM) (5)
1
IEA_NZE 
89 (5)
73 (5)
(18)%
90
90
94
0.8%
0.4%
PACTA
0.39
Shipping 
(operators)
Alignment delta (g 
CO2e/
(dwt*nautical 
miles)) (3)
1
IMO
n/a
</=0%
n/a
Minimum: 
17,4% 
Striving: 
21,7% (6)
Minimum: 
(7,49)% 
Striving: 
(2,99)%
n/a
n/a
n/a
IMO
0.7
Residential real 
estate 
(operational 
emissions)
Emissions intensity
(kg CO2e/m2/y)
1&2
PNIEC
21.2
14.8
(30)%
21.2
n/a
n/a
n/a
n/a
PCAF
1.7
Commercial real 
estate 
(operating 
emissions)
Emissions intensity
(Kg CO2e/m2/y)
1&2
PNIEC
21
11.7
(44)%
21.0
n/a
n/a
n/a
n/a
PCAF
3.3
Aluminum 
(primary 
manufacturing)
Alignment delta 
(ton CO2e/ton 
aluminum)  (3)
1&2
IAI&MPP
n/a
</=0%
n/a
(1.4)%
n/a
n/a
n/a
n/a
SAFF
0.6
n/a: not applicable
* BBVA has set a goal of eliminating its exposure to coal customers by 2030 in developed countries and by 2040 globally, in the terms of its Environmental and Social Framework.
(1) Base year 2020 for the Power generation, Autos, Cement and Steel sectors; 2021 for Oil & Gas; 2022 for Aviation; 2023 for Real Estate (commercial and residential). The base year corresponds to the year prior to the year of publication of the sectoral target. In the 
case of the Shipping and Aluminum sectors, the delta of the annual alignment is calculated taking as a reference the trajectory for said year set by the IMO and the IAI & MPP, respectively. The Thermal Coal sector is not referenced to the base year as it does not apply a 
reduction target, but BBVA has set the objective of eliminating its exposure to coal customers by 2030 in developed countries and by 2040 globally, in the terms of its Environmental and Social Framework.
(2) The calculation has been carried out using the PCAF methodology for BBVA, S.A, BBVA Mexico, BBVA Colombia, BBVA Peru, Garanti BBVA and BBVA Argentina. The calculation of the attributed emissions associated with the value chain has been carried out by 
adding all the scope 1 and 2 emissions of the different NACE sectors included within the sectors analyzed. PACTA calculates the intensity of emissions for the part of the value chain where most of the emissions are generated in order to make the sector's emissions 
more efficient. In this way, it is assumed that, by aligning the part of the value chain responsible for the emissions, the sector as a whole is aligned. In the case of the Oil & Gas sector, the objective is formulated in absolute emissions of scopes 1+2+3 and the published 
metric does not seek to make production more efficient, but rather to reduce the sector's total emissions. Furthermore, this objective does not affect the sector's midstream and downstream efficiency. For this reason, the emissions data for the entire value chain is not 
published and the emissions data itself must be taken as a reference.
(3) A positive score indicates that the portfolio intensity is higher than required by the decarbonization pathway. A negative score or 0 indicates that the portfolio intensity is aligned.
Consolidated Management Report Consolidated Non-financial Information Statement
63
This English version is a translation of the original in Spanish for information purposes only. In case of a discrepancy, the Spanish original will prevail.

(4) The total amount of the loan portfolio weighted by revenues from thermal coal mining or by the installed capacity for the generation of electrical energy derived from thermal coal with coal customers (defined in the terms of the Environmental and Social Framework) 
amounts to 1,578 million euros as of December 31, 2024. The total amount of the loan portfolio weighted by revenues from thermal coal mining or by the installed capacity for the generation of electrical energy derived from thermal coal with coal customers that have 
limited expectations of making the transition in time to meet BBVA's coal phase-out objective as of the same date amounts to 152 million euros.
(5) PKM (passenger per kilometer) measures the emissions intensity per passenger per kilometer traveled. It is determined by multiplying the number of passengers (total seats per load factor) by the kilometers traveled. The IEA_NZE scenario does not consider the belly 
freight factor. The gCO2/PKM metric of BBVA's portfolio is adjusted annually by the belly freight factor. Without considering this factor, the emissions intensity data in the base year 2022 is 103 gCO2/PKM and the emissions intensity target for 2030 is 85 gCO2/PKM. In 
2023 it was 106 gCO2/PKM, as disclosed in Pillar 3 as of December 31, 2023. In 2024 it is 104.02 gCO2/PKM, as disclosed in Pillar 3 as of December 31, 2024.
(6) The shipping sector alignment metric for fiscal year 2022, reported in 2023, placed the portfolio intensity at +6.8% above that required by the IMO's 2018 decarbonization path. As a result of the review of the minimum and effort paths published by the IMO in 2023, 
BBVA has updated the Shipping sector alignment metric for fiscal year 2022, reported in 2023, standing at +17.4% and +21.7% respectively, indicating an intensity higher than that required by the IMO's 2018 decarbonization path. the IMO's 2023 decarbonization 
trajectory.
Consolidated Management Report Consolidated Non-financial Information Statement
64
This English version is a translation of the original in Spanish for information purposes only. In case of a discrepancy, the Spanish original will prevail.

In 2021, using the PACTA (Paris Agreement Capital Transition Assessment) methodology, BBVA published its 2030 alignment 
targets for the Power generation, Auto, Steel and Cement sectors. The Net Zero scenario of the International Energy Agency 
(IEA_NZE) and the Institute for Sustainable Futures Sectoral Pathways to Net Zero Emissions (ISF NZ) were used as a reference. In 
2023, the International Energy Agency published an update of the net zero emissions scenario for 2050, without this having entailed 
any change in BBVA's 2030 interim decarbonization targets published in 2021.
Also in 2021, BBVA announced its target to eliminate its exposure35 to customers belonging to business groups that have thermal coal 
mining activities or that generate electricity from thermal coal. All of this will be carried out before 2030 in developed countries and 
before 2040 globally36 (under the terms of the Environmental and Social Framework).
During 2022, BBVA published its alignment target for the Oil & Gas sector. BBVA was involved, together with other banks, in defining 
a specific guide for this sector. Given the sector’s relevance to global emissions and the information available, BBVA decided to use 
the PCAF methodology and established an absolute emissions reduction target for Scopes 1, 2 and 3 for the upstream Oil & Gas 
sector (which includes exploration, drilling, extraction and production of oil).
In 2023, BBVA published its 2030 alignment targets for the Aviation and Shipping sectors. The International Energy Agency's Net 
Zero scenario (IEA_NZE) for Aviation and the strategy established in 2018 by the International Maritime Organization (IMO) on 
reducing emissions for Shipping were used as a reference. In June 2023, the IMO updated its strategy, setting new interim reduction 
targets for 2030 and 2040 and net zero emissions for 2050, which has led to the change in the Shipping sector's alignment metric for 
the 2022 financial year.
In 2024, BBVA published its decarbonization targets for the Aluminum and Commercial and Residential Real Estate sectors. For the 
Aluminum sector, the Net Zero scenario of the International Aluminum Institute (IAI) and the Mission Possible Partnership 1.5 °C 
Roadmaps (MPP) were used as a reference, which are science-based benchmarks recognized by the sector. In the case of the real 
estate sector, the scope of the target is limited to Spain and the National Integrated Energy and Climate Plan (hereinafter, PNIEC) was 
used as a reference its defines the national objectives for emissions reduction, penetration of renewable energies and energy 
efficiency.
It is important to know that the baseline for these metrics may vary, as the sources of information used37 and the methodologies are 
constantly evolving. BBVA's goal is to maintain the level of reduction ambition even though the baselines may be modified. 
Additionally, compliance with these objectives is not expected to be a linear process in the short-term. In order to achieve the targets 
in the long term, it may be necessary to assume a certain deterioration in the alignment metric in the short-term, through possible 
increases in financing with customers with a higher starting point in terms of CO2 emissions, but who are carrying out actions to 
decarbonize.
BBVA has not established targets for the Agricultural sector for the time being due to the peculiarities of this very fragmented sector, 
where there is still little data available to be able to monitor the targets. During the year 2024 the NZBA has initiated a working group 
to try to clarify which methodologies and metrics are the best to measure the alignment of this sector and establish specific 
guidelines. BBVA believes that the most desirable approach is to set targets for emissions intensity per unit of production. For the 
time being, there is no data available with sufficient granularity to set such targets.
BBVA is aware that the success of decarbonization also lies in the hands of governments, regulators and supervisory bodies, through 
their public and/or sectoral policies. Collaboration between the financial sector and these actors is key to achieving an effective and 
lasting change towards a cleaner and more sustainable economy.
Loan portfolio decarbonization strategy 
BBVA has set the goal of achieving net zero emissions by 2050. For this reason, BBVA believes that the emissions from customers 
who receive financing from the Group at a global level, is a fundamental part of its management. In order to support customers on the 
path towards the transition to a low-carbon economy, sectoral transition plans have been developed to enable the proactive 
deployment of a decarbonization strategy for the customer portfolio.
In line with the Net Zero Banking Alliance (NZBA) guidelines, sectors with more emissions-intensive production processes have been 
prioritized, such as Oil & Gas, Power generation, Auto, Steel, Cement, Coal, Aviation, Shipping, Aluminum and Real estate 
(commercial and residential).
Each plan developed includes a detailed analysis of each sector, that assesses its role in the decarbonization of the economy, 
identifies their inherent risk of each sector, defines response strategies to these risks, integrates an analysis of the current state of the 
portfolio38 and the level of alignment with respect to the target set for the sector. Meanwhile, business opportunities with existing and 
new customers are identified, expressing, showing different appetite levels for customers in each sector.
Consolidated Management Report Consolidated Non-financial Information Statement
65
This English version is a translation of the original in Spanish for information purposes only. In case of a discrepancy, the Spanish original will prevail.
35 Non-Performing Loans (Stage 3 exposures for the purposes of The BBVA Group's consolidated accounts in accordance with IFRS 9) are excluded for the purposes of 
calculating the exposure.
36 Developing countries are defined as those determined according to the criteria of IMF. World Economic Outlook. October 2015. Tables D and E (p. 149, 150). The geographic 
scope of a business group will be defined by the location of the headquarters of the parent company.
37 The main provider of information on emissions intensity is the company Asset Impact (formerly Asset Resolution), which provides asset information for the portfolio included in 
the calculation scope. The information coverage varies between 95% and 100%, depending on the sector analyzed.
38 Includes committed financing, both drawn and undrawn, with wholesale Corporate & Investment Banking and Corporate Banking customers, except for the Oil & Gas sector, 
which considers only financing drawn with wholesale Corporate & Investment Banking and Corporate Banking customers.

All this is reflected in the formulation of a sectoral strategic plan that defines a commercial strategy to:
–
Guide targeted growth by funding and supporting existing and new customers who are actively managing their transition to 
net zero emissions by 2050;
–
Monitor progress in the alignment exercise, to meet the interim objectives set for 2030;
–
Manage and mitigate customer portfolio transition risk.
BBVA has developed specific tools to facilitate proactive management and compliance with the alignment objectives, including:
–
Transition Risk Indicator (TRi), a tool used to evaluate the current emissions profile and the maturity of the 
decarbonization strategies of each customer with a sectoral approach and based on the analysis of the most significant 
variables. It allows customers to be categorized according to their transition risk and the their transition plans maturity, 
allowing for personalized advice on their decarbonization strategy.
–
Sustainability Client Toolkit, a tool that brings together ESG information from large corporations and/or entities with 
information necessary for its management, offering it all a single repository, facilitating its access and use by frontline 
teams.
–
Sectoral Transition Plans Management dashboard collects the main alignment indicators obtained through the PACTA 
(Paris Agreement Capital Transition Assessment) methodology and facilitates monitoring of their evolution and progress 
toward meeting objectives.
–
The “What If” simulator, allows for the evaluation, in real time, of the potential impact of transactions both on the 
decarbonization curve of each customer, as well as on the BBVA Group portfolio curve for the corresponding sector, 
allowing for proactive and dynamic management of the loan portfolio.
Accompanying customers
BBVA integrates its decarbonization strategy and sectoral transition plans as a key element in business decision-making and in the 
development of various internal processes.
Sectoral transition plans, together with the aforementioned tools (e.g. TRi), enable an assessment of the maturity level of transition 
processes among customers in order to deploy a support strategy. This strengthens the strategic dialogue with them and offer them 
a value proposition tailored to their needs.
Actions to manage alignment metrics include:
–
Collecting, evaluating and monitoring climate transition plans publicly disclosed by customers.
–
Evaluating the impact on alignment metrics of all new transactions as part of the business operations approval process by 
using specific tools.
–
Generating a dialogue with customers about their transition strategies, seeking opportunities to support them through 
investment and financing proposals and solutions.
In 2024, BBVA formalized a procedure to develop and monitor customer support plans. These support plans constitute an internal 
tool to support customers and are a key part of BBVA's contribution to the energy transition.
Customer support plans are based on tailored actions and strategic dialogue around the decarbonization levers of each sector. BBVA 
provides customers with advisory on the design and development of transition plans, based on the reduction of emissions and with 
clear objectives, and monitors their compliance. The plan includes the definition of milestones or objectives that are monitored, and 
allows steps to be taken to help achieve them. Among these measures, it may include underweighting business growth or even 
initiating an orderly exit process from the customer when their progress does not contribute to achieving emission reduction targets.
Alignment Governance Model
In order to monitor the sector alignment targets for 2030 and assess their compliance, BBVA created the Sustainability Alignment 
Steering Group (SASG) in 2022. It is led by the Global Head of Sustainability & Corporate Investment Banking and its permanent 
members are the global heads of Global Risk Management, Commercial Client Solutions, Strategy & M&A, Regulation & Internal 
Control and Finance. The functions of the SASG are as follows:
–
Analyzing and discussing the 2030 alignment objectives, which are presented by the Global Head of Sustainability & 
Corporate Investment Banking for approval by the Executive Committee and the Board of Directors of BBVA. 
–
Evaluating the degree of compliance with the alignment objectives and the evolution of the decarbonization strategy of the 
portfolio of loans.
–
Analyzing and discussing the proposals for sector alignment plans and their updates, which are submitted to the SASG by 
the business units, with the support of the technical teams of the participating areas.
–
Promoting the creation and deployment of the tools, methodologies and metrics necessary for the operationalization of 
sector alignment plans in the management processes already existing at the business units.
–
Analyzing and understanding best industry practices and promoting the integration of sustainability criteria in the day-to-
day running of the business.
Consolidated Management Report Consolidated Non-financial Information Statement
66
This English version is a translation of the original in Spanish for information purposes only. In case of a discrepancy, the Spanish original will prevail.

In 2024, the Group has strengthened its governance model of the decarbonization strategy with the sector model for wholesale 
clients. This structure allows BBVA to strengthen its position with wholesale customers through a relationship model that 
incorporates specialists with expertise in each key sector. This allows BBVA to provide more effective support, enhance strategic 
dialogue, and address customers' core business needs more efficiently. 
BBVA has global sector managers in the priority sectors for the decarbonization of the loan portfolio: energy; industry and transport; 
infrastructure and construction. These sector leaders are responsible for steering the business strategy for each sector, carrying out 
the actions defined in the sector alignment plans and implementing a customer support plan to assist them in their transition to a low-
carbon economy. Additionally, BBVA completes its sector coverage with managers for the consumer, retail and health sectors; 
technology, media and communications; financial institutions and financial sponsors.
In addition, since 2023, there has been a long-term incentive scheme linked, among others, to the degree of compliance with the 
decarbonization objectives in the Oil & Gas, Power generation, Auto, Steel, Cement and Coal sectors. For more information on the 
calculation of variable remuneration, see the “Competitive remuneration” section in the “Own workforce” chapter.
BBVA is following NZBA guidelines and recommendations to make progress in defining decarbonization targets and achieving net 
zero emissions by 2050. The Group will continue to work on evaluating new sector plans and expanding the scope of existing plans as 
the industry progresses in defining methodologies and data availability. 
Actions with the industry
During 2024, BBVA strengthened its active involvement in various working groups for the development and improvement of 
measurement standards and methodologies: 
–
Integration into sectoral working groups with the aim of advancing the development of strategies towards net-zero 
emissions in sectors where decarbonization may present greater challenges, such as the cement sector.
–
Participation in the Center for Climate Aligned Finance (CCAF) of the Rocky Mountain Institute (RMI) for the development of 
sectoral methodologies and to make further improvements to the Paris Agreement Capital Transition Assessment (PACTA) 
standard.
In 2024, BBVA and the RMI signed a strategic collaboration agreement thanks to which BBVA became part of a group of financial 
institutions, non-governmental organizations and corporations belonging to key sectors for the decarbonization of the economy. The 
leadership of this group is crucial to promote sustainable finance initiatives, harmonize alignment efforts, accelerate the deployment 
of climate-aligned policies, make investments in climate transition, and implement best practices.
Consolidated Management Report Consolidated Non-financial Information Statement
67
This English version is a translation of the original in Spanish for information purposes only. In case of a discrepancy, the Spanish original will prevail.

Loan portfolio decarbonization progress
Below is the evolution of BBVA decarbonization strategy for all those sectors for which BBVA has set an interim emissions reduction 
target for 2030.
For the aluminum, commercial and residential real estate sector, BBVA will publish the progress of the sectoral transition plans within 
a period of 12 months from the date of publication of the objectives.
Oil & Gas
BBVA has set a target to reduce absolute carbon emissions by 30% in the upstream Oil & Gas sector (which includes exploration, 
drilling, extraction and production activities) between 2021 and 2030, measured in millions of tons of CO2e (Scopes 1, 2 and 3).
(1) Alignment metric as of December 2024. For the Oil & Gas sector, the portfolio alignment metric is an absolute emissions metric with a 2021 baseline and the target reduction is 
only associated with the drawn amounts.
(2) The fulfillment of these objectives is not expected as a linear process in the short term. To achieve these in the long term, it may be necessary to assume some deterioration in 
the alignment metric in the short term, through possible increases in financing with customers with a higher starting point in terms of CO2 emissions, but that are carrying out 
actions to decarbonize.
(3) Change in the upstream loan portfolio in millions of euros between 2021 and 2024 considering drawn and undrawn financing (such as loans, unused revolving credit facilities, 
guarantees, ECA lines, among others).
(4) Percentage calculated in terms of the volume of loans in the portfolio, which includes both drawn and undrawn financing (such as loans, unused revolving credit facilities, 
guarantees, ECA lines, among others). Data as of December 2024. Customers actively managing their transition are considered to be those classified as "Advanced", "Robust" or 
"Moderate" according to internal transition assessment tools such as the Transition Risk Indicator (TRi), considering their medium-term emissions reduction targets and levers 
for managing such emissions and their committed investments to execute their transition plan.
To calculate the emissions of this sector, BBVA has developed its own methodology, based on the PCAF methodology. The calculation 
has been carried out on the upstream business of the companies in the sector, accounting for the scope 1, 2 and 3 emissions of the 
equivalent barrels produced by the companies. To attribute these emissions, the PCAF methodology has been used (weight of the 
financing provided on the overall debt and capital profile of the different business groups). The emissions data has been obtained 
from the Asset Impact database (the same as the one used for the PACTA methodology) and, when necessary due to lack of 
information, an approximate calculation has been made (score 5 PCAF) using economic emission factors.
Performance in 2024
The absolute emissions financed in the upstream Oil & Gas sector have been 10.5 Mt CO2e as of December 2024, having been 
reduced by 25% compared to the base year 2021 and by 1% compared to 2023. This significant reduction has been a consequence of 
the proactive management of the portfolio, which has reduced the drawn financing by 28% compared to the base year 2021 and 8% 
compared to 2023, and a prioritization of customers who are actively managing their transition to support them in their objectives. 
Actions with customers
–
Support for customers who are actively managing their transition, which currently represent 66% of the total upstream loan 
portfolio vs. 61% at the end of 2023.
–
Collaboration with customers to advise them on the design and development of solid plans and establish clear emissions 
reduction targets.
–
Support customers in their transition towards other forms of low-carbon energy generation by financing the necessary 
investments that facilitate their diversification and decarbonization, such as renewable energy generation and biofuel 
production.
Consolidated Management Report Consolidated Non-financial Information Statement
68
This English version is a translation of the original in Spanish for information purposes only. In case of a discrepancy, the Spanish original will prevail.

Power generation
BBVA has set a target of reducing its carbon emissions intensity by 52% in the Power generation sector between 2020 and 2030, 
measured in kilograms of CO2e/MWh (scope 1 and 2).
 (1) Alignment metrics as of December 2024.
(2) The achievement of these objectives is not expected to be a linear process in the short term. It is possible that, in order to achieve them in the long term, it may be necessary to 
assume some deterioration in the alignment metric in the short term, through possible increases in financing with customers with a higher starting point in terms of CO2 
emissions, but who are taking actions to decarbonize.
(3) Historical data have been updated due to improved information sources.
(4) Change in the financing portfolio in millions of euros between 2020 and 2024 considering drawn and undrawn financing (such as loans, unused revolving credit lines, 
guarantees, ECA lines, among others).
(5) Percentage calculated in terms of the volume of loans in the portfolio, which includes both drawn and undrawn financing (such as loans, unused revolving credit lines, 
guarantees, ECA lines, among others). Data as of December 2024. Customers are classified as “Advanced”, “Robust” or “Moderate” according to internal transition assessment 
tools such as the Transition Risk Indicator (TRi). The following aspects are taken into consideration : their medium-term emission reduction targets, the levers for managing these 
emissions and their committed investments to execute their transition plan, are considered to be actively managing their transition.
The portfolio alignment metric for the Power generation sector follows the PACTA methodology. It is calculated by taking the 
weighted average of the emissions intensity of each customer by its weight in the portfolio. The weight of each customer in the 
portfolio corresponds to its granted financing weighted by its associated electricity generated percentage based on its activity.
Performance in 2024
The carbon emissions intensity of the Power generation portfolio was 139 Kg CO2/MWh as of December 2024, 17% lower than the 
2023 and 37% lower than the base year 2020. Additionally, this figure is 67% lower than the market average, according to 
information sources from data provider Asset Impact. 
This evolution shows the strength of BBVA's loan portfolio, which has grown 17% compared to the previous year and 31% compared 
to the base year 2020, with strong support for clean energy, which is a relevant axis of the strategy.
The reduction in emissions intensity in 2024 has been the result of a 75% growth in renewable energy projects compared to 2023, 
reaching 4,828 million euros by the end of 2024. All of this, together with the improvement of customer intensities and proactive 
portfolio management fostering growth with customers actively managing their transition, lead to better performance of the sector's 
financing portfolio.
Actions with customers
–
Support to customers investing in renewable energies.
–
Active engagement with customers who require advice in the definition and implementation of energy transition strategies.
–
Focus on growth with customers that are actively managing their transition, investing in less intensive technologies and 
have an outstanding strategy and performance. These customers currently represent 86% of the total amount of the loan 
portfolio related to Power generation which remains unchanged compared to the previous year.
Consolidated Management Report Consolidated Non-financial Information Statement
69
This English version is a translation of the original in Spanish for information purposes only. In case of a discrepancy, the Spanish original will prevail.

Auto
BBVA has set a target of reducing its carbon emissions intensity by 46% in the automotive sector between 2020 and 2030, measured 
in grams of CO2/v-km (scope 3).
(1) Alignment metrics as of December 2024.
(2) The achievement of these objectives is not expected to be a linear process in the short term. It is possible that, in order to achieve them in the long term, it may be necessary to 
assume some deterioration in the alignment metric in the short term, through possible increases in financing with customers with a higher starting point in terms of CO2 
emissions, but who are taking actions to decarbonize.
(3) Historical data has been updated due to improved information sources.
(4) Change in financing portfolio in million euros between 2020 and 2024 considering drawn and undrawn financing (such as loans, undrawn revolving credit lines, guarantees, ECA 
lines, among others).
(5) Percentage calculated in terms of the volume of loans in portfolio, which includes both drawn and undrawn financing (such as loans, unused revolving credit lines, guarantees, 
ECA lines, among others). Data as of December 2024. Customers classified as “Advanced”, “Robust” or “Moderate” according to internal transition assessment tools such as the 
Transition Risk Indicator (TRi), considering their medium-term emission reduction targets and levers for managing these emissions and their committed investments to execute 
their transition plan, are considered to be actively managing their transition.
The portfolio alignment metric for the automotive sector follows the PACTA methodology. This methodology is based on the 
identification of the Group's financing related to automotive manufacturing by customers. In the case of the automotive sector, the 
metric analyses automotive manufacturers by measuring the emissions per km of the vehicles they produce.
Performance in 2024
The carbon emissions intensity of the automobile manufacturer portfolio is 165g CO2/v-km as of December 2024 which continues to 
reduce the existing gap with the sector's average intensity. The improvements mean a 19% decrease compared to 2020 and a 4% 
decrease compared to 2023. The variations are mainly attributed to the incorporation of new customers with lower intensity than the 
average of the portfolio and well below the market average, as well as the portfolio's customers progress in their transition with a 
progressive increase in the penetration of electric and plug-in hybrid-electric vehicles in the different markets, despite the slowdown 
in the sales rate that the sector has experienced in 2024.
Actions with customers
–
Financing of new customers with pure electric production lines as they position themselves in the market, particularly in the 
context of their geographic expansion strategies.
–
Boost in battery manufacturing and the development of charging infrastructure powered by renewable energy sources, 
which are key levers for the decarbonization of the sector.
–
Customers who actively manage their transition currently represent 100% of the total amount of the loan portfolio related 
to automotive manufacturing.
Consolidated Management Report Consolidated Non-financial Information Statement
70
This English version is a translation of the original in Spanish for information purposes only. In case of a discrepancy, the Spanish original will prevail.

Steel
BBVA has set a target of reducing its carbon emissions intensity by 23% in the steel sector between 2020 and 2030, measured in 
kilograms of CO2e/ton of steel (Scope 1 and 2). 
(1) Alignment metrics as of December 2024.
(2) Meeting these objectives is not expected to be a linear process in the short term. It is possible that, in order to achieve them in the long term, it will be necessary to assume 
some deterioration in the alignment metrics in the short term, through possible increases in financing with customers with a higher starting point in terms of CO2 emissions, but 
who are taking actions to decarbonize.
(3) Historical data have been updated due to improvements in information sources.
(4) Change in the financing portfolio in millions of euros between 2020 and 2024 considering drawn and undrawn financing (such as loans, unused revolving credit lines, 
guarantees, ECA lines, among others).
(5) Percentage calculated in terms of the volume of loans in portfolio, which includes both drawn and undrawn financing (such as loans, unused revolving credit lines, guarantees, 
ECA lines, among others). Data as of December 2024. Customers classified as “Advanced”, “Robust” or “Moderate” according to internal transition assessment tools such as the 
Transition Risk Indicator (TRi), considering their medium-term emission reduction targets and levers for managing these emissions and their committed investments to execute 
their transition plan, are considered to be actively managing their transition.
The portfolio alignment metric for the steel sector follows the PACTA methodology. This methodology is based on the identification of 
the Group's financing related to customers in steel manufacturing. In the case of the steel sector, the metric analyzes steelmakers by 
measuring emissions per ton of steel produced.
Performance in 2024
The carbon intensity of the steelmaker portfolio was 1,146 kg CO2e/ton of steel as of December 2024. The intensity of the steel 
customer portfolio has consistently outperformed the market as a whole over the last two years due to the overweight of customers 
with electric arc furnace (EAF) production, which is much less intensive than blast furnaces. 
The curve is at a level of CO2e emissions 10% lower than in the base year 2020 and 3% lower than in 2023. This reduction in intensity 
is based on better performance in customer intensity and increasing business with customers who are adopting more efficient 
manufacturing processes in terms of CO2e emissions.
Actions with customers
–
Financing of new customers investing in Electric Arc Furnace (EAF) and Hydrogen-based direct reduced iron (H2-DRI) 
production models, as well as a higher proportion of recycled materials.
–
Active engagement with customers who require advice in the definition and implementation of energy transition strategies.
–
Focus on growth with customers actively managing their transition, who invest in less intensive technologies and currently 
represent 78% of the total amount of the steelmaking-related financing portfolio, compared to 76% at the end of the 
previous year.
Consolidated Management Report Consolidated Non-financial Information Statement
71
This English version is a translation of the original in Spanish for information purposes only. In case of a discrepancy, the Spanish original will prevail.

Cement
BBVA has set a target of reducing its carbon emissions intensity by 17% in the cement sector between 2020 and 2030, measured in 
kilograms of CO2e/ton of cement (scope 1 and 2).
(1) Alignment metrics as of December 2024.
(2) The achievement of these objectives is not expected to be a linear process in the short term. It is possible that, in order to achieve them in the long term, it will be necessary to 
assume some deterioration in the alignment metric in the short term, through possible increases in financing with customers with a higher starting point in terms of CO2 
emissions, but who are carrying out actions to decarbonize.
(3)  Historical data have been updated due to improved information sources.
(4) Change in funding portfolio in millions of euros between 2020 and 2024 considering drawn and undrawn funding (such as loans, undrawn revolving credit lines, guarantees, 
ECA lines, among others).
(5) Percentage calculated in terms of the volume of loans in the portfolio, which includes both drawn and undrawn financing (such as loans, undrawn revolving credit lines, 
guarantees, ECA lines, etc.). Data as of December 2024. Customers classified as “Advanced”, “Robust” or “Moderate” according to internal transition assessment tools such as 
the Transition Risk Indicator (TRi), considering their medium-term emission reduction targets and levers for managing these emissions and their committed investments to 
execute their transition plan, are considered to be actively managing their transition.
The portfolio alignment metric for the cement sector follows the PACTA methodology. This methodology is based on the identification 
of the Group's financing related to customers in cement manufacturing. In the case of the cement sector, the metric analyses cement 
manufacturers, disregarding their derivatives and measuring emissions per ton of cement produced. 
Performance in 2024
The carbon emissions intensity of the cement manufacturers' portfolio was 731 kg CO2e per ton of cement as of December 2024, 
representing a 4% increase compared to the 2020 baseline and a 2.5% increase compared to the 2023 intensity.
Methodological improvements were implemented with the incorporation of new customer emissions databases to calculate the final 
data provided by the data provider, Asset Impact. It has affected customer intensity, leading to a general increase in portfolio intensity 
as well as an increase in the average sector intensity.
BBVA has been analyzing the evolution of the cement portfolio emissions intensity data provided by the data provider and the 
evolution of such data reported by customers in order to reconcile both sources. 
The data BBVA uses to measure emissions intensity is subject to continuous improvement. Also there is an ongoing development of 
new calculation methodologies that provide greater rigor to the measurement process. As a result, BBVA does not rule out 
recalculating the 2020 baseline and the data reported in subsequent years to incorporate these improvements into the reported 
metric. The emissions intensity reduction target for the 2020–2030 period would remain unchanged in this context.
Despite the increase in emissions intensity, portfolio management between 2020 and 2024 reflected a 14% growth as a result of 
growth with customers in the sector actively managing their transition.
Actions with customers
–
Selective business strategy depending on the progress of customers that allow us to continue advancing in the transition of 
customers and supporting the financing of those who invest in new technologies, such as carbon capture and storage 
(CCS), among others.
–
Active engagement with customers who require advice in the definition and implementation of energy transition strategies.
–
Focus on growth with customers actively managing their transition, which now represent 85% of the total amount of the 
cement manufacturing-related financing portfolio compared to 83% at the end of the previous year.
Consolidated Management Report Consolidated Non-financial Information Statement
72
This English version is a translation of the original in Spanish for information purposes only. In case of a discrepancy, the Spanish original will prevail.

Thermal coal
In 2021, BBVA announced its objective to eliminate its exposure to customers with thermal coal mining activity, or thermal coal-fired 
power generation, by 2030 in developed countries and by 2040 globally (under the terms defined in the Environmental and Social 
Framework).
(1) Change in the financing portfolio in millions of euros between 2022 and 2024 considering drawn and undrawn financing (such as loans, undrawn revolving credit lines, 
guarantees, ECA lines, among others).
(2) Percentage calculated in terms of the volume of loans in portfolio, which includes both drawn and undrawn financing (such as loans, undrawn revolving credit lines, guarantees, 
ECA lines, among others) corresponding to customers who are expected to manage their transition in time to meet the thermal coal phase-out target. Data as of December 2024. 
Customers classified as “Advanced”, “Robust” or “Moderate” according to internal transition assessment tools such as the Transition Risk Indicator (TRi), considering their 
medium-term emission reduction targets and levers for managing these emissions and their committed investments to execute their transition plan, are considered as customers 
actively managing their transition.
As established in the BBVA Environmental and Social Framework, thermal coal customers are defined as those customers that 
belong to a business group with 5% or more of their group-level revenues coming from mining (exploration and exploitation) of 
thermal coal, or a customer belonging to a business group whose main activity is the generation of electricity and which has 5% or 
more of thermal coal electricity generation installed capacity.
Performance in 2024
The total amount of the financing portfolio weighted by revenues from thermal coal mining or installed capacity for thermal coal-fired 
power generation with coal customers (as defined in the terms of the Environmental and Social Framework) amounts to 1,578 million 
euros as of December 2024. The thermal coal portfolio has experienced an 8% reduction compared to 2022. This evolution is due to a 
lower exposure of existing customers to thermal coal-related activities and a progressive exit of those existing customers who are not 
reducing their thermal coal-related activity (as customer financing matures). 
The total amount of the financing portfolio with coal customers that have limited expectations of transitioning in time to meet BBVA's 
coal phase out target at the same date amounts to 152 million euros. Between 2022 and 2024, BBVA has reduced its exposure to 
these customers by 63% and by 32% in the last year. 
Actions with customers 
–
Focus on financing sustainable projects to support the transition of the sector.
–
Active engagement with customers who require advice in the definition and execution of energy transition strategies and 
continuous monitoring of exposure with customers who do not have a public commitment to reduce their thermal coal 
operations in line with BBVA's phase-out target in 2030 and 2040 in developing countries.
–
Customers expected to manage their transition in time to meet the thermal coal phase-out target represent 90% of the 
financing portfolio.
Consolidated Management Report Consolidated Non-financial Information Statement
73
This English version is a translation of the original in Spanish for information purposes only. In case of a discrepancy, the Spanish original will prevail.

Aviation
BBVA has set a target to reduce its carbon intensity by 18% in the aviation sector between 2022 and 2030, measured in grams of 
CO2/PKM (passenger per kilometer) (Scope 1). 
(1) Alignment metric as of December 2024. PKM (passenger per kilometer) measures the emissions intensity per passenger per kilometer traveled. It is determined by multiplying 
the number of passengers (total seats per load factor) by kilometers traveled. The gCO2/ PKM metric of the BBVA portfolio is adjusted annually by the belly freight factor. 
Excluding this factor, the emissions intensity figure in the base year 2022 is 103gCO2/PKM and the emissions intensity target for 2030 is 85gCO2/PKM. In 2023 it was 106gCO2/
PKM, according to Pillar 3 disclosure as of December 31, 2023. In 2024 it is 104.02 gCO2/PKM, according to Pillar 3 disclosure as of December 31, 2024.
(2) Meeting these targets is not envisaged as a linear process in the short term. It is possible that, in order to achieve them in the long term, it may be necessary to assume some 
deterioration in the alignment metrics in the short term, through possible increases in financing with customers with a higher starting point in terms of CO2 emissions, but who are 
undertaking actions to decarbonize.
(3) Historical data has been updated due to improved information sources.
(4) Change in financing portfolio in million euros between 2022 and 2024 considering drawn and undrawn financing (such as loans, undrawn revolving credit lines, guarantees, ECA 
lines.
(5) Percentage calculated in terms of the volume of loans in portfolio, which includes both drawn and undrawn funding (such as loans, undrawn revolving credit lines, guarantees, 
ECA lines, among others). Data as of December 2024. Customers classified as “Advanced”, “Robust” or “Moderate” according to internal transition assessment tools such as the 
Transition Risk Indicator (TRi), considering their medium-term emission reduction targets and levers for managing these emissions and their committed investments to execute 
their transition plan, are considered to be actively managing their transition.
The portfolio alignment metric for the aviation sector follows the PACTA methodology. This methodology is based on the 
identification of the Group's financing related to airlines. In the case of the aviation sector, the metric analyses airlines by measuring 
emissions per passenger kilometer of flights operated.
Performance in 2024
The carbon intensity of the aviation portfolio was 90g CO2/PKM as of December 2024 and remains below the average intensity for the 
sector. The portfolio's CO2 emissions intensity level remains practically unchanged from the 2022 base year and 2023. 
BBVA is aware that the decarbonization of the aviation sector is closely linked to the industry-wide transition to sustainable aviation 
fuels (SAF). Variations in the financing portfolio are the result of portfolio mix management, overweighting business with those 
customers investing in fleet renewal by incorporating more efficient, state-of-the-art aircraft and making progress towards their 
emission reduction commitments. 
BBVA is constantly assessing the progress of new methodologies for sectoral alignment. In this context, BBVA is evaluating the 
approach for measuring emissions associated with the aviation portfolio proposed in the Pegasus Guidelines developed by RMI's 
Center for Climate Aligned Finance and published in 2024. 
Actions with customers
–
Support for the financing of investments for the renovation of aircraft that significantly improve fuel efficiency. 
–
Active engagement with customers who require advice in the definition and implementation of energy transition strategies.
–
Focus on growth with customers actively managing their transition, currently representing 90% of the total amount of the 
airline-related financing portfolio compared to 87% at the end of the previous year.
Consolidated Management Report Consolidated Non-financial Information Statement
74
This English version is a translation of the original in Spanish for information purposes only. In case of a discrepancy, the Spanish original will prevail.

Shipping
In June 2023, the International Maritime Organization (hereafter IMO) published an update of its strategy to reduce emissions from 
ships. This new strategy envisages an increased ambition to achieve net zero emissions by 2050 and sets indicative 2030 
checkpoints to achieve an emissions reduction of at least 20% by 2030, and striving to reach 30%.
As a consequence of the review of the minimum and striving trajectories published by IMO, BBVA has updated the shipping sector 
alignment metric for the 2022 fiscal year and reported in 2023. The alignment metrics resulting from this update stand at +17.4% and 
+21.7% respectively, indicating an intensity above that required by the IMO's new decarbonization trajectory. 
BBVA's 2030 target of aligning to the IMO trajectory remains unchanged. In other words, to achieve a percentage deviation (delta) of 
0% or less with respect to this decarbonization path in 2030.
(1) Alignment metric for fiscal year 2023.The portfolio alignment metric for the shipping sector is compatible with the IMO standard. To calculate the alignment, BBVA has 
calculated the percentage difference between the intensity of each vessel financed and the decarbonization trajectory set by the IMO in 2023 for that particular vessel type and for 
the year indicated. The 2023 IMO decarbonization trajectory of 2023 contemplates two levels of ambition: 
–
“Minimum” according to the ambition to reduce total annual GHG emissions from international shipping by at least 20 % by 2030.
–
“Striving” according to the ambition to reduce total annual GHG emissions from international shipping by striving to reach 30% by 2030. 
The portfolio alignment metric for the shipping sector is expressed as (+/-):
–
A score of 0% represents a portfolio that is exactly in line with the decarbonization trajectory.
–
A negative score indicates that the portfolio intensity is lower than required by the decarbonization trajectory.
–
A positive score indicates that the portfolio intensity is higher than required by the decarbonization trajectory.
Performance in 2024
The alignment metrics with respect to the IMO Strategy minimum trajectory for the year 2023 are -7.49% and -2.99% for the striving 
trajectory. The data shows positive evolution compared to last year due to the modernization of several vessels in the portfolio 
achieving better fuel efficiency ratios and increased use of low carbon fuels. Additionally, the new sector coverage model has allowed 
to incorporate to the portfolio the financing of new vessels with Energy Efficiency Index aligned with the IMO trajectory.
Actions with customers
–
Supporting the financing of new customers investing in vessels with decarbonization trajectories lower than those 
established by the IMO.
–
Active engagement with customers who require advice in the definition and implementation of energy transition strategies. 
aimed at making their fleet more efficient.
–
Focus on growth with customers actively managing their transition, investing in the modernization and renewal of more 
efficient vessels.
Consolidated Management Report Consolidated Non-financial Information Statement
75
This English version is a translation of the original in Spanish for information purposes only. In case of a discrepancy, the Spanish original will prevail.

Commercial real estate
BBVA has set a target to reduce its carbon intensity by 44% in the commercial real estate sector in Spain between 2023 and 2030, 
measured in kilograms of CO2e/m2/year (Scope 1 and 2).
(1) Alignment metrics as of December 2023. Sector average intensity data not available. The geographic perimeter of the intermediate 2030 emissions reduction target for the real 
estate sector is Spain.
(2) Compliance with these targets is not expected to be a linear process in the short term. It is possible that, in order to achieve them in the long term, it will be necessary to assume 
a certain deterioration in the alignment metric in the short term, through possible increases in financing with customers with a higher starting point in terms of CO2 emissions, but 
who are taking actions to decarbonize.
The portfolio alignment metric for the commercial real estate sector follows the CRREM (Carbon Risk Real Estate Monitor) 
methodology, which defines a metric in terms of emissions intensity (kg CO2e per square meter per year). CO2e emissions are largely 
influenced by the energy mix of the country where the property is located. This information on energy efficiency is available in energy 
performance certificates. However, there is currently limited availability of certificates and lack of homogeneity between countries, 
which leads to the use of PCAF estimates for each building typology. 
Taking the above into account, the scope of the target set is Spain, and it will be developed for other geographies as the industry 
progresses in the definition of consensus methodologies and data becomes available.
BBVA continues to make progress in evolving the information systems it has available to capture energy performance certificates 
(EPC) for its real estate portfolio.
For the definition of the 2030 target, the scenario of the National Integrated Energy and Climate Plan (hereinafter, PNIEC) has been 
taken as a reference, as a roadmap that defines the national targets for emissions reduction, renewable energy penetration and 
energy efficiency. This scenario is the one on which BBVA bases its hypotheses and its fulfillment will be key to achieving the targets 
set in the PNIEC.
Achieving BBVA's objectives requires a coordinated effort, with the participation of multiple stakeholders and where climate policies 
and appropriate public incentives will be particularly relevant for the decarbonization of the commercial real estate sector.
Actions with customers 
–
Accompanying customers in moving towards the acquisition and management of more efficient properties.
–
Advise customers on their real estate renovation needs with an impact on energy efficiency and emission reductions.
–
Monitor the origination of activity by offering financing alternatives for renovations at the time of property acquisition when 
possible.
Consolidated Management Report Consolidated Non-financial Information Statement
76
This English version is a translation of the original in Spanish for information purposes only. In case of a discrepancy, the Spanish original will prevail.

Residential real estate
In 2024, BBVA has set a target to reduce its carbon emissions intensity by 30% in the Spanish residential real estate sector between 
2023 and 2030, measured in kilograms of CO2e/m2/year (Scope 1 and 2).
(1) Alignment metrics as of December 2023. Sector average intensity data not available. The geographic perimeter of the intermediate 2030 emissions reduction target for the real 
estate sector is Spain.
(2) Compliance with these targets is not expected to be a linear process in the short term. It is possible that, in order to achieve them in the long term, it will be necessary to assume 
a certain deterioration in the alignment metric in the short term, through possible increases in financing with customers with a higher starting point in terms of CO2 emissions, but 
who are taking actions to decarbonize.
The portfolio alignment metric for the residential real estate sector follows the Carbon Risk Real Estate Monitor (CRREM) 
methodology, which defines a metric in terms of emissions intensity (kg CO2e per square meter per year). In the real estate sector, 
energy efficiency (kWh/m2) is commonly used to indicate the energy consumption of a building. CO2e emissions are largely 
influenced by the energy mix of the country where the property is located. This information on energy efficiency is available in energy 
performance certificates. However, there is currently limited availability of certificates and a lack of homogeneity between countries, 
which leads to the use of PCAF estimates for each building typology.
Taking into account the above, the scope of the target set is Spain. BBVA will continue to work in the other geographies as the 
industry progresses in the definition of consensus methodologies and data availability.
BBVA continues to make progress in evolving the information systems it has available in order to be able to capture energy 
performance certificates (EPC) for its real estate portfolio. 
For the definition of the 2030 target, the scenario of the National Integrated Energy and Climate Plan (hereinafter, PNIEC) has been 
taken as a reference, as a roadmap that defines the national targets for emissions reduction, renewable energy penetration and 
energy efficiency. This scenario is the one on which BBVA bases its hypotheses and its fulfillment will be key to achieving the targets 
set in the PNIEC.
The achievement of BBVA's objectives requires a coordinated effort, with the participation of multiple stakeholders and where climate 
policies and appropriate public incentives will be particularly relevant for the decarbonization of the residential real estate sector.
Actions with customers
–
Accompanying and advising customers, offering various solutions that promote the improvement of the energy efficiency of 
their properties and maximize savings opportunities whenever possible.
Consolidated Management Report Consolidated Non-financial Information Statement
77
This English version is a translation of the original in Spanish for information purposes only. In case of a discrepancy, the Spanish original will prevail.

Aluminum
BBVA has set the goal of aligning with the decarbonization path determined by the International Aluminum Institute (IAI) and the 
Mission Possible Partnership's Aluminum Transition Strategy (MPP) by 2030. In other words, to achieve a percentage deviation 
(delta) of 0% or less with respect to this decarbonization path in 2030.
(1) A negative score or 0 indicates that the portfolio intensity is aligned. A positive score indicates that the portfolio intensity is greater than required by the decarbonization 
trajectory. For aluminum, the alignment metric of 2023 is calculated based on the 2022 annual trajectory.
(2) The sector decarbonization trajectory for primary aluminum production, according to the IAI (International Aluminium Institute) and MPP's Aluminium Transition Strategy 
(Mission Possible Partnership) scenario, is included for illustrative purposes. It does not represent the intensity trajectory of BBVA's primary aluminum production portfolio.
The financing portfolio alignment metric in this sector has been calculated using the Sustainable Aluminum Finance Framework 
methodology developed by Rocky Mountain Institute (RMI). It is currently the only standardized methodology available for the sector 
and provides banks with the tools they need to measure, compare and disclose the climate alignment of their lending portfolios to this 
sector. This methodology benchmarks the International Aluminium Institute's (IAI) Net Zero scenario and Mission Possible 
Partnership 1.5°C Roadmaps (MPP), which are science-based benchmarks recognized by the industry. The aluminum sector 
concentrates most of its emissions in the primary manufacturing process (which includes mining, refining and smelting activities) and 
measuring emissions per ton of aluminum manufactured.
BBVA’s alignment metric is -1.4% indicating that the intensity of BBVA's portfolio is lower than required by the decarbonization 
trajectory.
Actions with customers
–
Supporting the financing of new customers who are defining ambitious plans, many of them based on new clean 
technologies (cleantech), for zero-emission aluminum production by 2050.
–
Active engagement with customers in moving towards greater use of renewable energy (mainly solar or hydroelectric) to 
meet their energy needs. 
–
Focus on growth with customers actively managing their transition, currently representing 100% of the total portfolio 
amount.
Consolidated Management Report Consolidated Non-financial Information Statement
78
This English version is a translation of the original in Spanish for information purposes only. In case of a discrepancy, the Spanish original will prevail.

2.1.2
Management of risks associated with climate change
The management of climate and environmental risk factors is key to implement BBVA's strategy, which is based on managing risks 
appropriately, supporting the transition to a low-carbon economy, and meeting the ambition of achieving net-zero carbon emissions 
by 2050.
The potential impacts of climate and environmental (C&E) risks, as well as social and governance risks, are assessed in the risk 
management cycle as follows:
Identification and evaluation of climate risks
In order to carry out the process of identifying the risks and opportunities associated with climate change and other environmental 
aspects, BBVA has identified the sectors with the highest transition risk and/or the highest physical risk. To do so, BBVA has been 
developing its internal taxonomies of climate and environmental risks in recent years, understood as common definitions of the risk 
drivers and their transmission channels with potential impacts on traditional prudential risks:
Consolidated Management Report Consolidated Non-financial Information Statement
79
This English version is a translation of the original in Spanish for information purposes only. In case of a discrepancy, the Spanish original will prevail.

BBVA has a risk taxonomy that forms part of its risk management framework. The taxonomy is an inventory of all the risks to which 
BBVA is exposed, or may be exposed, as a result of the development of its business activity and strategy and, therefore, is adapted to 
BBVA's risk profile.
The taxonomy allows risks to be categorized into different levels. First, there is a general level or ‘tier 1 risks’, which corresponds to the 
most aggregated categories of financial and non-financial risks. The ‘tier 2 risks’ represent a lower, or more granular level, which 
corresponds to the risk drivers that are part of the ‘tier 1 risks’. This second level of risks includes climate and environmental, social 
and governance risks as a source of risk.
CLIMATE AND ENVIRONMENTAL RISKS (BBVA GROUP. 2024)
Climate
Environmental
Risk drivers
Transition
Physical
Transition and physicals
Credit
The transition to a low-carbon 
emissions economy may involve 
significant costs and investments, 
putting the revenues of some 
customers in certain sectors at risk. 
This could potentially increase their 
PD and affect the value of collateral.
Risk metrics may be affected for 
exposures in sectors or geographic 
areas more exposed to extreme 
weather events or changes in 
weather patterns.
The need for adaptation due to the 
loss of ecosystem services capacity 
can potentially entail additional costs 
or significant investments in certain 
sectors to maintain their operation.
Real estate
Properties with lower energy 
efficiency may experience their value 
affected, impacting the value of our 
collateral.
Due to their location in certain 
geographic areas, properties may be 
exposed to extreme weather events 
that influence the market’s 
perception of their value, potentially 
diminishing the value of BBVA’s real 
estate collateral
-
Market
Transition risks can generate 
negative impacts on the value of 
financial assets and an increase in 
their volatility.
Extreme weather events can affect 
asset value expectations resulting in 
sudden depreciations or increased 
volatility in the value of financial 
assets.
Perceptions of inadequate 
environmental practices by some 
sectors or industries can lead to 
volatility in asset values.
Liquidity
Transition risks may directly or 
indirectly affect expected cash flows 
or reduce the liquidity of certain 
assets, affecting the bank's liquidity 
position.
Physical risks can directly affect a 
financial institution's cash outflows or 
indirectly through customers' need 
for liquidity following extreme 
weather events.
-
Business 
and strategy
Transition, physical and natural capital risks may impact the strategy and business plan indirectly due to the 
business position with certain economic sectors whose business model may be more affected by the transition to a 
low-carbon economy, by physical changes in the climate or by risks of loss of ecosystem services capacity;
Operational
The evolution of the customers' 
perception of the relationships 
maintained or the financing provided 
to certain customers and industries 
can generate legal risks.
Extreme weather events can cause 
disruptions and interruptions to own 
operations or damage to own assets.
The evolution of the customers' 
perception of the relationships 
maintained or the financing provided 
to certain customers and industries 
can generate legal risks.
Reputational Potential negative perception of stakeholders when their expectations of our climate and environmental 
management are not met.
Climate transition risk
Transition risks are those associated with the adjustment process towards a low-carbon economy in response to climate change, and 
which arise from regulatory, market and consumer behavioral changes necessary to meet global climate targets. The sectors 
identified with the greatest climate risk have a considerable transformation and adaptation challenge that will require, and is already 
requiring, large investments. They are also the sectors that will demand the greatest understanding and monitoring of risks.
BBVA has an internal sector classification of transition risk whose main objective is to identify the vulnerability of sectors to transition 
risk and to rank them based on this aspect.
In this way, the sectors are categorized as very high, high, moderate or low vulnerability. The most sensitive activities to transition 
risk, known as HTR (High Transition Risk) sectors, are those that generate energy or fossil fuels (Oil & Gas, Power generation, Coal 
mining); emissions-intensive basic industries (steel, Cement), and end-user activities of energy that generate emissions through their 
products or services (Autos, Aviation and Shipping).
Consolidated Management Report Consolidated Non-financial Information Statement
80
This English version is a translation of the original in Spanish for information purposes only. In case of a discrepancy, the Spanish original will prevail.

In 2024, this categorization was updated to reflect changes in climate change mitigation regulations, as well as technological and 
market changes that have occurred. As a result of this exercise, with data as of December 31, 2024, 11.7% of the exposure39 of the 
wholesale portfolio (equivalent to 5.9% of the Group's portfolio) has been identified as corresponding to sectors that are defined as 
HTR, with a high or very high level of exposure to this risk. This calculation was made on a portfolio of 253,795 million euros (out of the 
Group's total 500,636 million euros), corresponding to the wholesale loan portfolio. 
The following graph shows the percentage of exposure of each of the sectors considered HTR over the total of the wholesale portfolio:
* Includes Aviation and Shipping.
With respect to the portfolio of small businesses with high or very high transition risk, the associated exposure is limited, amounting 
to around 2.10% of the total small businesses and not very representative of the entire Group.
Climate physical risk
Physical risks stem from climate change and can manifest both in the heightened frequency and severity of extreme weather events 
and in long-term alterations to climate patterns. These types of events can lead to physical damage to company assets, disruptions in 
the supply chain or increased costs necessary to address them.
During 2024, BBVA has developed an internal physical risk taxonomy whose main objective is to identify the economic activities most 
exposed to physical climate risks and the most relevant natural hazards in the main geographies where BBVA has a presence, as well 
as explaining the transmission channels of physical risks to prudential financial risks.
In this way, it is identified that the most relevant natural hazards in the geographies where BBVA operates are tropical cyclone, heat 
wave, forest fire, river and coastal flooding and drought.
Consolidated Management Report Consolidated Non-financial Information Statement
81
This English version is a translation of the original in Spanish for information purposes only. In case of a discrepancy, the Spanish original will prevail.
39 Measured by EAD (Exposure At Default).

Risk assessment
As part of the General Risk Management and Control Model, the Group periodically conducts processes to identify and assess risks. 
These processes enable the detection of material risks that may adversely affect BBVA’s risk profile and facilitate proactive, 
anticipatory management. Through this self-assessment, various climate change–related risk factors are analyzed to determine their 
impact on core risk categories such as credit, market, and liquidity. As a result, every type of risk faced by BBVA is addressed, 
including those that are difficult to quantify. Since 2022, the General Risk Management and Control Model explicitly incorporates 
sustainability as a central element of BBVA’s strategy. 
The Global Risk Assessment is a forward-looking exercise updated at least twice a year, allowing for a comparison across risk 
categories, business activities and time periods. This approach clarifies BBVA's position and trajectory while identifying material risks 
that demand capital coverage. Since 2020, the Group conducted a climate assessment, primarily qualitative, to determine BBVA's 
vulnerability to transition and physical risk. In 2024, progress continued toward a quantitative approach to developing the Climate 
Risk Assessment, defining a series of metrics that have allowed for an objective assessment of risk levels in both transition risk and 
physical risk. In the case of physical risk, the Group has assessed potential impacts for each of the hazards analyzed, as well as other 
environmental risks, specifically analyzing water stress scenarios. In the case of credit risk, these assessments are based on NGFS 
transition risk scenarios (“Net Zero, Delayed Transition” and “Current Policies”) and physical risk (SSP2-4.5 and SSP3-7.0). 
Additionally, progress has been made in estimating the impact of both transition risk and physical risk on BBVA’s strategy and 
business model. The results are submitted to the highest executive risk committee (GRMC) as well as to the corporate bodies, as this 
management is integrated into key corporate processes such as the Risk Appetite Framework and the Internal Capital Self-
Assessment (ICAAP).
The climate change risk assessment process runs in parallel with the Group's overall risk assessment, but with a broader time frame. 
The analysis is carried out for a short-term (3 years), medium-term (3-5 years) and long-term (more than 5 years) horizon, which 
enables a comprehensive consideration of the expected impacts as well as an alignment with the EBA's requirements.
In the assessment of climate change risks, as with the assessment of other risks, the two perspectives of the global assessment are 
included:
1.
Identification of risk events: both, transition risk and physical risk are considered as part of the process of identifying risk 
events that could have a significant impact on the Group. The following matrix of risk events identified in 2024 provides a 
graphical depiction of their estimated impact on the Group and their assigned probability.
.
RISKS WITH SHORT-TERM MATERIALIZATION
Climate change risks, including transition risk and physical risk, have been considered within the matrix of risk events that 
could materialize in the short term (12-18 months). On the one hand, the bursting of a green bubble and an increase in the 
preference for less environmentally friendly assets is considered a transition risk event of medium-low impact and 
probability. The probability of physical risk events in BBVA's footprint is considered low, for a medium-low impact, and the 
probability of a potential greenwashing event is considered higher.
2.
Risk level assessment: this approach is based on an assessment of the profile of each type of risk, which is then reflected 
in a heat map. The risk assessment covers the most relevant geographic areas of the BBVA Group (Spain, Mexico, Turkey, 
Argentina, Peru and Colombia). Since 2023, a business risk analysis has been incorporated, and in 2024, impacts arising 
from natural capital risk were added. This exercise incorporates various factors, such as the carbon footprint of customers 
and the energy efficiency of real estate collateral and financed emissions. Similarly, work has been done on the preliminary 
inclusion of quantitative metrics for certain risk factors, especially exposures to activities sensitive to transition risk or 
locations exposed to physical risk.
The conclusions of the risk assessment for 2024 indicate that the main risks emerge in credit portfolios in the medium and long term. 
In particular, the transition risk manifests itself earlier in Spain due to the faster adoption of decarbonization policies in Europe, while 
emerging areas present less regulatory pressure.
Consolidated Management Report Consolidated Non-financial Information Statement
82
This English version is a translation of the original in Spanish for information purposes only. In case of a discrepancy, the Spanish original will prevail.

In the long term, the primary driver of credit risk lies in the technological investments that companies must make to achieve 
decarbonization.
Regarding the impact of physical risk on credit portfolios, the higher frequency/severity of extreme weather events and structural 
changes in weather patterns explains the deterioration shown in the medium-long term assessment. 
The impact of transition risk on liquidity risk is low due to the stability of the retail deposit base and the high asset quality of the liquid 
asset cushion. 
Market risk is also low due to the diversification of the equity portfolio and low exposure to sectors sensitive to transition risk in the 
fixed income portfolio. 
Regarding operational risk, there is a difference in perceived risk in Spain (medium-low in the short term and medium in the medium 
and long term) and in the rest of the geographical areas (low) in transition risk, and in the case of physical risk, low for all the 
geographical areas evaluated.
CLIMATE CHANGE RISK ASSESSMENT 2024
Spain
Other geographical areas
BBVA Group
CP
MP
LP
CP
MP
LP
CP
MP
LP
Transition risk
Credit
Liquidity and financing
Structural equity
Credit spread
Markets (trading)
Insurances
Operational
Reputational
Business
TOTAL
Physical risk
Credit
Liquidity and financing
Structural equity
Credit spread
Market Risk (trading)
Insurances
Operational
Reputational
Business
TOTAL
Other environmental risks
Credit
TOTAL
Definition of time horizons:
CP: Short term; up to 3 years 
MP: Medium term, from 3 years to 5 years.
LP: Long term, more than 5 years.
Low risk
Medium-low risk
Medium risk
Medium-high risk
High risk
Not applicable
Consolidated Management Report Consolidated Non-financial Information Statement
83
This English version is a translation of the original in Spanish for information purposes only. In case of a discrepancy, the Spanish original will prevail.

Scenario analysis and stress testing
Scenarios and internal stress tests
Climate scenarios have been integrated into the governance of the BBVA Group's internal scenarios:
1.
In the development of the baseline budget scenario, the analysis of current climate policies across the Group is 
incorporated, their effective importance within the overall economic policy framework, their consistency with the transition 
to a decarbonized economy, and with the budgetary scenario itself. Potential biases on the expected economic growth are 
qualitatively assessed.
2.
Incorporation of transition climate risks into one of the alternative risk scenarios (HLRS) that are continuously monitored 
and assessed by the Scenario Working Group. The continuous monitoring of alternative risk scenarios facilitates the choice 
of the scenario used in the Group's ICAAP.
Since 2022, various physical risk events have been assessed in the Group with the aim of considering them as input in the ICAAP. In 
2022, a drought risk scenario was considered in Spain, and in 2023, among the events taken into account as an Add-on to the adverse 
scenario of the ICAAP, a risk scenario for the Mexican economy triggered by cyclones is considered. During 2024, work has been 
carried out on defining events with simultaneous occurrence in different geographies, leading to the inclusion of drought scenarios in 
Spain and Mexico as part of the adverse scenario in the ICAAP 2024. Additionally, the adverse macroeconomic scenario will 
incorporate, for the first time, an additional shock as a consequence of a transition risk scenario originating from the burst of a green 
asset bubble.
From a methodological point of view, progress is being made along two lines of action: the first is the incorporation of a sectoral layer 
in the loss projection models, taking into account the different idiosyncrasies of each of the sectors in the face of climate scenarios; 
the second line is the development of a more granular projection, considering information at the customer level or asset locations.
Regulatory and supervisory scenarios and stress tests
At the beginning of 2024, BBVA participated in the Fit-for-55 One-off supervisory exercise. Its main objective was to collect data on 
the exposures of credit and market portfolios and the climate transition risks associated with the commitments of the Fit-for-55 
package. Additionally, the request for information considers elements related to the locations of the financed assets, in order to 
assess the possible physical risks to which the banks' portfolio is exposed. Finally, information was also requested on the entity's 
revenues in various sectors, with the purpose of analyzing the dependence of financial institutions on the most polluting sectors and 
assessing the associated business risk.
This request for information, coordinated by the EBA, serves as input to top-down projections made by the ECB. In November 2024, 
the EBA published a report detailing the results. The report highlights that climate transition risks, on their own, do not pose a threat 
to the financial stability of the European Union. However, when combined with macroeconomic shocks, they can increase the losses 
of financial institutions and cause disruptions. Additionally, it emphasizes the importance of proactive climate risk management and 
the need for close collaboration between financial institutions and regulators to ensure an orderly transition to a sustainable 
economy.
Customer-level risk analysis
Assessing transition risk and customer decarbonization plans
The analysis of customers in the High Transition Risk sectors identified in the internal transition risk taxonomy is based on a score 
developed by BBVA called the Transition Risk Indicator (hereinafter TRi). During 2024, a cross-sectoral version of the TRi (called the 
Generic TRi) has been developed, which joins the existing ones for Oil & Gas, Power generation, cars, Steel, Cement and Auto parts. 
The objective is to have a transition risk score and an assessment of their decarbonization plans for all customers in the corporate 
banking segment regardless of the sector in which they operate.
The TRi assesses the transition risk exposure of customers based on their activities and geographies. Furthermore, the credibility of 
the transition plans is assessed through: 
–
the level of ambition of the emissions reduction targets and
–
the level of implementation of these plans. The latter concept is measured by the maturity of their governance structures, 
the specification of their climate strategy in terms of the technological levers defined to achieve the objectives and the 
actual evolution of greenhouse gas emissions.
Consolidated Management Report Consolidated Non-financial Information Statement
84
This English version is a translation of the original in Spanish for information purposes only. In case of a discrepancy, the Spanish original will prevail.

The TRi is a useful internal tool for the business areas in the segmentation of customers in the sectoral alignment plans for the 
portfolios that form part of BBVA's targets. This allows the application of the risk mitigation policies established in the Sector 
Frameworks. Below is the result of the transition scoring system, which is used to classify customers by their level of exposure to 
transition risk and maturity in their management:
TRANSITION SCORE OF THE MAIN CUSTOMERS BY SECTOR1
(1) Scoring system related to the transition of the Corporate portfolio (the size of the circles represents the number of customers in each category) and its coverage.
Physical risk exposure assessment
Physical risk is associated with the location of assets and vulnerability based on their activity and can materialize in credit risk through 
different transmission channels, impacting in multiple ways such as, for example, the purchasing power of customers, small 
businesses productivity, market demand or the value of assets.
BBVA has continued to make progress in assessing the materiality of chronic and acute risks in its various portfolios. The analysis of 
physical risk is based on three pillars:
Consolidated Management Report Consolidated Non-financial Information Statement
85
This English version is a translation of the original in Spanish for information purposes only. In case of a discrepancy, the Spanish original will prevail.

Threat
Regarding the threat, in 2024 the calculation methodology for the collateralized portfolio has evolved. This evolution is based on the 
use of an external tool that allows for the analysis of both acute risks (river and rain flooding, tropical cyclones, wildfires, heat and cold 
waves) and chronic risks (sea level rise, drought) under different climate change scenarios from the Intergovernmental Panel on 
Climate Change (IPCC).
Based on the calculations performed and in order to integrate the management of physical risks in collateralized operations, an 
internal physical risk score has been developed at the collateral level. This score allows for the ranking of collaterals by their level of 
exposure to physical risk under different chronic and acute hazards in the SSP2-4.5 and SSP3-7.0 scenarios across different time 
horizons. The scenario used was SSP2-4.5 with a time horizon set for 2040.
For the rest of the wholesale portfolios, the methodology has been updated to include climate change data based on the IPCC 
scenarios as mentioned earlier. The tool indicate the risk levels of different natural hazards (both acute and chronic as mentioned 
above), at global level and with varying levels of detail depending on the geographical area of the planet. These risk levels are 
calculated using climate change indices recognized by the World Meteorological Organization (WMO). The information used is 
provided by the IPCC, except for tropical cyclones, which still relies on the version based on Thinkhazard.
Exposure
For the exposure component, during 2023, the granularity of the analysis was increased by optimizing the relationship between the 
administrative levels of the Think Hazard tool and the postal codes available in the different BBVA portfolios. Subsequently, during 
2024, efforts were made to match information about geographic coordinates of collateral and assets available in the databases to 
postal addresses. Likewise, work has been done on utilizing both open databases of productive assets from various sectors and 
location providers to include the locations of our customers' assets in the analysis during 2025.
Vulnerability
For the vulnerability component, the analysis is based on eight indicators that capture the sensitivity of economic activities to both 
direct and indirect physical impacts. The sensitivity of each sector to climate hazards is indirectly assessed through the analysis of its 
sensitivity to these vulnerability indicators. This methodology follows the best practices identified by the Taskforce on Climate-related 
Financial Disclosures (TCFD) and UNEP-FI. As a result, a qualitative classification of sectors is generated according to the potential 
impact of chronic or acute climate changes on their business model and activities. The threat and vulnerability scores are applied at 
the contract level based on its location to identify exposure prone to physical risk.
EXPOSURE TO PHYSICAL RISK AS OF DECEMBER 31, 2024 (PERCENTAGE) (1)
86.2%
89.0%
13.8%
11.0%
Not exposed
Exposed
Loans to non-financial corporations
Residential Mortgages
(1) The breakdown includes the portfolios of Spain, Mexico, Turkey, Peru, Colombia and Argentina. 
The Group quantifies the exposure of the loan portfolio that could be impacted by physical climate risk by sector40, considering the 
monetary amount and the amount of assets with physical risk before climate change adaptation actions, as well as the breakdown of 
this exposure by type of physical risk (acute, chronic or both).
Consolidated Management Report Consolidated Non-financial Information Statement
86
This English version is a translation of the original in Spanish for information purposes only. In case of a discrepancy, the Spanish original will prevail.
40  Classified according to their economic activity code (NACE).

INDICATORS OF POTENTIAL PHYSICAL RISK LINKED TO CLIMATE CHANGE: EXPOSURES SUBJECT TO PHYSICAL RISK 
(MILLIONS OF EUROS)
Gross carrying 
amount
a) Chronic 
Risk
b) Acute 
Risk
c) Chronic 
and acute
Total subject to 
physical risks
A - Agriculture, livestock, forestry and fishing
5,104
505
1,293
695
2,493
B - Extractive industries
4,420
335
1,059
383
1,778
C - Manufacturing industry
56,795
5,070
2,056
1,909
9,035
D - Supply of electricity, gas, steam and air 
conditioning
18,759
1,978
4,546
276
6,800
E- Water supply; sanitation, waste management 
and decontamination activities
1,272
—
12
—
12
F - Construction
11,235
26
814
28
868
G - Wholesale and retail trade; repair of motor 
vehicles and motorcycles
38,159
15
395
14
424
H - Transport and storage
13,069
5
74
33
112
L - Real estate activities
11,507
202
977
81
1,261
Loans secured by residential real estate
97,034
456
10,065
199
10,720
Loans secured by commercial real estate
30,553
1,234
3,252
730
5,216
Recovered collateral
820
43
39
2
84
I - Accommodation and catering activities
9,520
2,960
1,342
801
5,103
J - Information and communication
14,625
—
6
—
6
K - Financial and insurance activities
3,417
—
8
—
9
Other sectors
17,005
110
260
15
384
Regarding the analysis of the financial effects on results due to events caused by climatic hazards, the Group considers the 
transitional period for their disclosure established by the ESRS.
Consolidated Management Report Consolidated Non-financial Information Statement
87
This English version is a translation of the original in Spanish for information purposes only. In case of a discrepancy, the Spanish original will prevail.

Exposure by sectors to climate and environmental risks
In 2024, BBVA has developed an internal taxonomy, designed to assess the exposure of the main economic activities to climate and 
environmental transition, physical and natural capital risks. For more information on natural capital risk, see the section “Identification 
and measurement of risks associated with natural capital” within the chapter “Natural Capital”.
RISK LEVEL OF ECONOMIC ACTIVITIES (BBVA GROUP. 2024)
Climate
Natural capital
Sector
Subsector
Transition risk
Physical risk
Transition and 
physical
Transport vehicles and 
components
Autos OEMs
Autopart suppliers
Other OEMs
Basic Materials
Mining
Of which: Coal mining
Steel & processed metals
Of which: Iron & steel making
Chemicals
Of which: Agrochemicals
Paper and forest products
Construction and 
Construction materials
Construction
Construction materials
Of which: Cement-based products and materials
Energy
Integrated Oil & Gas
Upstream
Downstream
Oilfield services
Basic consumption
Primary exploitation
Food, beverage, and tobacco production
Transportation
Air transportation
Marine transportation
Transport infrastructure operators
Utilities
Traditional/Multitech Electric Power Generation
Low Carbon Electric Power Generation
Electric Power T/D/Supply
Integrated Utilities
Gas T/D/Supply
Others
Exposure (EAD High or Very High)
12%
23%
34%
Very high
High
Medium
Low
Consolidated Management Report Consolidated Non-financial Information Statement
88
This English version is a translation of the original in Spanish for information purposes only. In case of a discrepancy, the Spanish original will prevail.

Definition of risk appetite and planning
Climate change risk management at BBVA is based on the risk planning process. This process is determined by the defined risk 
appetite and is specified in the management frameworks that establish its treatment in daily operations.
Risk Appetite Framework (RAF)
BBVA's Risk Appetite Framework (RAF), approved by the corporate bodies and applicable to all material geographic areas of the 
Group, determines the risk levels that BBVA is willing to assume to achieve its objectives, taking into account the organic evolution of 
the business. It is structured hierarchically, based on the thresholds of the core metrics and metrics by type of risk, which lead to a 
framework of management limits. This framework has a general statement that includes the general principles of the risk strategy and 
the target risk profile. This statement underlines the commitment to sustainable development as a fundamental part of BBVA's 
business model, emphasizing the support of the customer in their transition towards a sustainable future. In addition, the climate axis 
is incorporated into risk management. This statement is complemented and detailed with a quantification of the appetite through 
metrics and thresholds that provide a clear and concise guide on the maximum risk profile that can be assumed. 
The definition of the tolerances established in the Risk Appetite Framework is supported by the risk assessment analyses and 
described scenarios. On one hand, the framework includes a classification of the activities most exposed to transition risk, using 
quantitative metrics established by the Group. In this way, exposure in the case of default (Exposure at Default, hereafter EAD) is 
assessed for activities classified as HTR. Based on this classification, BBVA's Board of Directors approves thresholds at the Group 
and relevant geographical area level, setting the maximum appetite for this risk. On the other hand, since 2024, the RAF includes a 
new indicator linked to the degree of compliance with decarbonization objectives for a series of sectors for which BBVA publishes 
specific targets.
Additionally, for management limits, a metric called Significant Market Misalignment is measured, which evaluates exposure to 
customers whose emission intensity is above 30% of the market average. This metric has a transition risk management approach, 
focusing on customers with a clear level of misalignment with respect to the emissions intensity trajectories established by the 
International Energy Agency's Net Zero Emissions scenario for each of the sectors. The calculation perimeter is the lending portfolio 
of the automotive, Power generation, Steel and Cement sectors.
Looking ahead into the 2025 RAF, progress has been made in better defining maximum risk appetite levels for activities classified as 
HTR, thus limiting those exposures with worse TRi scores, while supporting growth in those customers who transition better.
Currently, work is underway to establish monitoring metrics relating to physical risk and financed emissions.
Consolidated Management Report Consolidated Non-financial Information Statement
89
This English version is a translation of the original in Spanish for information purposes only. In case of a discrepancy, the Spanish original will prevail.

Integration into the definition of risk appetite at customer level
Following international reference frameworks such as SASB's Materiality Map and rating agencies, BBVA has identified the sub-
sectors of activity it finances and the most relevant environmental and social factors in each one, including, in addition to climate 
change, aspects related to natural capital, such as pollution and waste, biodiversity and land use or water resource management. This 
exercise is included in the "Sector Guide for the Integration of Sustainability Factors in Credit Analysis" where the most common 
metrics and reference thresholds in relation to environmental aspects are defined and it is used as a support tool in the admission 
process.
In the Wholesale Portfolio, the adaptation of policies and procedures focuses particularly on the integration of transition risk and 
physical risk in the Sector Frameworks (a basic tool in defining risk appetite in wholesale credit portfolios). During 2024, the sectoral 
analyses of the risks derived from decarbonization have been updated and supplemented according to reference scenarios. The 
following have also continued to be defined:
–
For all sectors, good practices and weaknesses in environmental and social management at the customer level using sector-
specific metrics and indicators. These serve as admission guidelines in the annual customer review process. In sectors with 
greater exposure to physical risk, specific admission guidelines have begun to be defined based on the location of the 
customers' activities.
–
For sectors identified as HTR in the internal transition risk taxonomy, transition risk mitigation policies have been defined at 
customer level that can adjust risk appetite (growth). These policies are based on the result of the Transition Risk indicator.
Compliance with the definition of appetite established in the Sector Frameworks is a condition that must also be met by the alignment 
plans drawn up for each sector with emissions reduction objectives.
In the Retail portfolio, during 2024, progress has continued to be made in integrating sustainability aspects, and in particular those 
related to decarbonization and physical risk, into the Action Frameworks for Mortgages, Small Businesses and Vehicle Loans. In the 
case of Mortgages, origination limits have been defined for the first time in Spain and Turkey, combining the letter of the Energy 
Efficiency Certificate and the loan-to-value ratio. In this way, the transition risk begins to be integrated into the definition of the risk 
appetite of this portfolio. Another of the main aspects that determine the transition risk of these portfolios is the financed carbon 
emissions associated with each of them. Therefore, the calculation of financed emissions serves as a lever to identify the portfolios 
that are most sensitive to changes in regulation, technology or energy or CO2 prices. In turn, as a risk mitigation lever, BBVA acts as a 
facilitator of financing the investments necessary for mitigating and adapting to climate change with more sustainable lifestyles and 
products. 
Furthermore, BBVA has applied differentiated prices to loans with sustainability content, such as in the “Hipoteca Casa 
Eficiente” (Efficient Home Mortgage), for homes with a consumer rating of A or B. As with mortgages, financing with sustainable 
products is encouraged when the sustainability criteria are met, which is the case for electric or plug-in hybrid cars. The availability of 
very specific data on customers and operations is an essential requirement for effective management of climate and environmental 
risk.
Risk management and reporting
Policies and regulations
BBVA’s wholesale and retail credit risk management standards and policies ensure that we identify and assess material climate and 
environmental risks in a timely manner. These standards and policies define key responsibilities, processes and tools applicable to 
each of the portfolio segments as well as the Group's roles as part of climate and environmental risk management activities.
Regarding the integration into admission processes and annual review of customers in the corporate banking segment, regardless of 
the risk committee in which it is reviewed, an advanced climate and environmental risk analysis is carried out that includes five 
aspects:
–
Evaluation of compliance with BBVA's Environmental and Social Framework.
–
Result of the Transition Risk indicator, which represents an assessment of the transition risk and decarbonization plans.
–
Assessment of compliance with the admission guidelines and climate risk mitigation criteria defined in the wholesale Sector 
Frameworks.
–
Compliance with the criteria defined in the Sector Alignment Plans.
–
Controversy analysis, understood as the presence of significant incidents related to the customer's environmental, social or 
governance performance.
Specialized ESG risk assessment teams located in each of the geographies and Business Areas where BBVA operates, supports this 
decentralized analysis carried out by risk analysts. This analysis can affect risk decisions, specifically the management policy and risk 
appetite with customers defined by the Risk Committees, as indicated in the wholesale Sector Frameworks, in the Environmental and 
Social Framework or in the Alignment Plans.
Consolidated Management Report Consolidated Non-financial Information Statement
90
This English version is a translation of the original in Spanish for information purposes only. In case of a discrepancy, the Spanish original will prevail.

To facilitate the above analysis and the collection of customer data, in 2024 the use of the Client Sustainability Toolkit has been 
reinforced in the corporate banking segment. This is a common front-end for risk and business teams that allows the visualization of 
updated customer information related to sustainability, integrating information from external databases, such as CO2 emissions, 
decarbonization objectives, ESG ratings, controversies, consumption metrics and water management. The results of internal 
calculation engines - such as the level of alignment, financed emissions and the TRi - allow the manual capture of data by the teams 
involved in the customer review. The calculation of the TRi score is integrated into this work environment. During 2024, information 
has been collected on approximately 3,000 customers in the corporate banking segment from all the geographies where BBVA 
operates.
Allowances and Capital
During 2024, work has been carried out on incorporating climate risks into the measurement of provisions and economic capital for 
credit risk, in order to incorporate this new source of risk into the credit risk parameters. This development has focused on two lines 
of work: on the one hand, a top-down effect based on macroeconomic scenarios is incorporated and, on the other hand, the 
idiosyncrasies of customers are incorporated through bottom-up effects. 
In respect of the calculation of the expected credit losses for credit risk of the loan portfolios, the Group has begun incorporating 
climate risk factors through statistical models that take into account both, potential damage to collateral and the effect on customers' 
ability to pay due to physical and transition risk in the Group's main geographical areas (Spain, Mexico and Turkey). In particular, 
transition risk has been assessed using an approach that allows capturing its effect on the probability of default (PD) and the impact 
on customers' provisions in Stage 2 as well as a transfer of exposures from Stage 1 to Stage 2 for corporate portfolios. For physical 
risk, an approach has been used that would allow estimating the potential deterioration in the value of collateral (real estate assets in 
corporate and retail portfolios) and its effect on LGD. As of December 31, 2024, the impact recorded for these risks was not 
significant. The Group will continue working to incorporate in these models the information available at all times. 
In 2024, due to the damage caused by the Isolated Depression in High Levels (DANA) in various Spanish municipalities, the Group has 
recognized credit risk provisions amounting to 33 million euros.
Sustainability data strategy
During 2024, the sustainability data strategy continued to be deployed, re-evaluating data needs, identifying data gaps, and 
developing a business process review plan to eliminate these gaps.
In addition to ensuring data availability, new ESG data requirements are continuously reviewed and shared with relevant stakeholders. 
BBVA has strengthened its practices by executing its plan and establishing a systematic process to collect the quantitative data 
needed to manage climate-related risks. During 2024, the Group has continued a process transformation project covering mortgages, 
auto loans, and customer/financial program reviews across all geographies. This initiative aims to enhance data collection needed for 
regulatory reporting and for managing climate and environmental risks (including energy efficiency, emissions, and ESG data on 
customers). This project involves collaboration among teams from risks, sustainability, finance, and businesses units across the 
Group. The collected data meets both regulatory and management needs, such as those needed for the calculation of the TRi, energy 
efficiency certificates for properties taken as collateral, ESG ratings, greenhouse gas emissions, location of assets and collaterals, and 
specific sector indicators. 
Collecting first-party customer and operational data remains a priority objective, and several approaches are being considered. New 
data providers are continuously explored to enhance coverage in terms of geographies, segments and sectors. At the same time, AI-
based capabilities are being developed to gather customers data through unstructured public sources. Additionally, onboarding 
processes are being modified to incorporate the data collection directly by customers, which is particularly relevant for SMEs where 
public data is not available. The data will be used for both business and management purposes.
In particular, BBVA continues to make progress in collecting data on real Energy Performance Certificates (EPCs) for real estate 
assets in the geographies where these types of certificates exist. In the case of Spain, work is being done to integrate the EPCs into 
mortgage origination process. To this end, BBVA is actively participating in various sector forums, with the aim of eliminating the 
barriers that currently prevent the EPCs from being captured in 100% of new transactions, homogenizing methodologies for 
assessing the transition risk in collateral at a European level, thereby providing transparency to the market. In the other regions where 
there is no legislative framework comparable to that of the European Union on energy efficiency in buildings, BBVA is carrying out 
projects aimed at estimating energy consumption and financed emissions that are as close to reality as possible and allow for their 
integration into risk processes.
Consolidated Management Report Consolidated Non-financial Information Statement
91
This English version is a translation of the original in Spanish for information purposes only. In case of a discrepancy, the Spanish original will prevail.

Training and upskilling in climate and environmental risks
During 2024, the Group's risk teams have continued working to integrate climate and environmental risk management into daily 
operations. To this end, a series of training pathways has been designed at three levels to adapt to the needs of Risk teams with a 
global perspective. Each level covers a set of activities and modules:
–
Initiation: Multidisciplinary training program designed to all employees. To this end, BBVA launched the sustainability 
pathway within “The Camp”, the Group’s training ecosystem for employee upskilling. This training program includes general 
aspects of sustainability, ESG risks, sustainable development goals, and climate change.
–
Advanced: Training for all functions involved in climate and environmental risk management, with two key initiatives 
launched in 2024. First, the "ABC of Sustainability Risks" program was developed, covering advanced aspects of climate 
and environmental risk management to enhance the analysis of customer performance and transition plans. Additionally, in 
2024, 10 editions of the "Sustainability Bootcamp" were conducted, a specialization program for sustainability 
professionals that covers the full business generation cycle, including climate and environmental risk management, among 
other topics.
–
Expert: Training aimed at professionals with a strong daily focus on sustainability. In 2024, BBVA conducted the 
"Sustainability Risk Bootcamp – Expert Level," with the participation of 25 Risk team professionals. This program provided 
a highly practical deep dive into the Group’s risk management initiatives. It also includes both internal and external 
certifications, such as the Global Association of Risk Professionals (GARP).
Additionally, during 2024, BBVA has developed content aimed at teams involved in customer admission and review processes in the 
analysis of transition and cleantech plans, which will continue to be reinforced during 2025.
Internal and external disclosure
The comprehensive preparation and provision of information and material changes in the identification and evaluation of BBVA is key 
to its use of risk appetite and/or key ESG risk management and control decisions.
Key risk management metrics (KRIs) related to climate change (e.g. metrics included in the Risk Appetite Framework, financed 
emissions, assessment of customer transition plans, among others) are integrated into internal risk reports. In addition, during 2024, 
an internal risk metrics dashboard has been developed that makes materially relevant information on risk identification, monitoring, 
and trends in exposure and climate risk mitigation actions available to all BBVA teams.
BBVA's reports on climate and environmental risk management are primarily included in this Consolidated Non-Financial Information 
Statement (NFIS) and in the Prudential Relevance Report (Pillar 3).
Consolidated Management Report Consolidated Non-financial Information Statement
92
This English version is a translation of the original in Spanish for information purposes only. In case of a discrepancy, the Spanish original will prevail.

2.1.3
Resilience of the strategy to climate change risks
The concept of climate resilience requires organizations to develop an adaptive capacity to respond to climate change by taking 
advantage of opportunities and managing the associated transition and physical risks.
BBVA follows the recommendations of the Task Force on Climate-related Financial Disclosures (TCFD), which advises organizations 
to describe the ability of their strategy to seize opportunities related to climate change, consistent with an orderly transition to a low-
carbon economy. It also emphasizes the importance of resilience to potential scenarios with higher climate risks. To enable 
connectivity between international disclosure frameworks, the European Sustainability Reporting Standards (ESRS) are based on the 
TCFD recommendations.
As previously mentioned, BBVA's strategy may be affected by climate-related risks and opportunities. In this regard, efficient 
management of the material risks and opportunities arising from climate change is key to successfully achieving BBVA's strategy. 
Thus, work is being done to measure the impact of different climate scenarios, both transition and physical risks, on its strategy and 
business. The initial results, from the perspective of regulatory and internal exercises, show immaterial impacts on both transition risk 
and physical risk. However, it is important to consider that methodological constraints, especially in terms of data and scenario 
design, could be causing the financial system to underestimate the losses. In this context, BBVA is working to reinforce and 
strengthen bottom-up analytical methodologies and capabilities in order to obtain projections of customers' financial statements and 
estimate impacts on collateral values based on different climate scenarios and on different time horizons. 
In this way, in terms of risk management, the impact derived from climate risks is fully integrated into the different phases of the risk 
cycle: identification, assessment, management, reporting, etc., as well as in the risk appetite framework, credit underwriting circuits 
and other relevant areas directly linked to the achievement of the bank’s strategy. Additionally, in order to evaluate the impact of 
climate change on traditional prudential risks (credit, market, liquidity, operational, etc.), the bank conducts a risk assessment 
exercise to determine the materiality of the risks identified in the double materiality analysis on different time horizons. Climate risk is 
assessed for the entire value chain, although due to the idiosyncrasy of BBVA's business, the part of the value chain most impacted by 
climate risk is the downstream segment, specifically the counterparties to which BBVA grants financing.
During 2024, a stress test exercise was conducted to assess the strength and resilience of the business strategy in the event of a 
potential strategic exit from relationships with certain customers, under the assumption that they fail to meet the milestones 
established in the engagement plans developed. These engagement plans are a key pillar of BBVA’s transition financing strategy, 
providing support to customers while reinforcing their commitment to actions that enhance their transition process and ESG profile. 
Customers in this situation are closely monitored, and they are expected to make improvements in the short and medium term. The 
results of this exercise, under the most adverse scenario (considering a complete exit from these customers), highlight the 
robustness of the business strategy.
Additionally, BBVA continues to take numerous actions to manage the impact of climate change on its strategy, its risk management 
processes and the management of its portfolio most exposed to physical and transition risks, such as by including climate aspects in 
the capital and the Internal Capital Self-Assessment (ICAAP) exercise, credit risk allowances, scenario analysis, internal and external 
stress testing exercises, and climate data strategy, among others.
Lastly, the resilience of the strategy when exposed to different climate scenarios is reinforced by the fact that BBVA has set 
sustainability as one of its six strategic priorities, with a special focus on the fight against climate change, integrating into this its 
objective of aligning its loan portfolio with scenarios compatible with the Paris Agreement. Highlights include the interim objectives for 
2030 to reduce CO2 emissions in the Oil & Gas, Power generation, Auto, Steel, Cement, Coal, Aviation and Shipping, Aluminum and 
Real estate (commercial and residential) sectors, as well as its eco-efficiency plan to reduce its operational footprint.
Consolidated Management Report Consolidated Non-financial Information Statement
93
This English version is a translation of the original in Spanish for information purposes only. In case of a discrepancy, the Spanish original will prevail.

2.1.4
Energy consumption and carbon footprint of BBVA Group 41
1. Calculation of financed CO2e emissions
BBVA continues to measure the emissions associated with our financing and direct investment activities, also known as Scope 3 
Category 15 greenhouse gas (GHG) emissions. To carry out this measurement, BBVA has adopted the PCAF (Partnership for Carbon 
Accounting Financials) methodology. This calculation will cover all portfolios included in the scope of the PCAF standard (first edition) 
and the Group's significant geographic areas, providing a global view of the financed emissions. 
In accordance with the defined roadmap, at the end of December 2024, the calculation includes the measurement of financed 
emissions in the area of corporate loans, project finance, commercial real estate, mortgages and automotive (hereinafter lending), 
and has also incorporated the fixed-income and equity portfolio (hereinafter ex-lending) in the area of BBVA, S.A. (excluding branches 
in Portugal), BBVA Mexico, BBVA Colombia, BBVA Peru, BBVA Argentina and Garanti Bank, which includes the perimeter of Garanti 
BBVA in Turkey and its subsidiaries Garanti Bank International and Garanti Bank Romania.
The result of the estimation is expressed both in terms of absolute emissions financed and economic intensity (tons of absolute 
emissions per million euros financed). In addition, the quality score defined in the PCAF methodology is presented, which assesses 
the availability and reliability of the data used in the calculation. This score ranges from 1 to 5, with 5 being the worst score assigned 
when sector estimates using emission factors provided by PCAF are used, and 1 being the best score when reported and verified 
customer emission data are used. The version of the factors used is the most recent one provided by PCAF as of September 2024.
Throughout 2024, the fixed-income and equity portfolios have been incorporated, and two new geographies have also been added 
(Garanti Bank and BBVA Argentina), additionally, the emission factors provided by PCAF have been updated to estimate financed 
emissions when reported data is not available.
PCAF ASSET TYPES (MtCO2e) (BBVA GROUP. 2024)
174.45
6.22
3.39
2.90
1.77
1.74
0.14
Business loans
Project Finance
Mortgage
Corporate Bonds
Motor Vehicle Loans
Commercial Real Estate
Unlisted Equity
Consolidated Management Report Consolidated Non-financial Information Statement
94
This English version is a translation of the original in Spanish for information purposes only. In case of a discrepancy, the Spanish original will prevail.
41 The information corresponding to this section is prepared with the same preparation bases and criteria established according to the regulation of Pillar III of the prudential 
relevance report (Pillar III).

DISTRIBUTION OF FINANCED EMISSIONS BY GEOGRAPHY (PERCENTAGE. 2024)
                      Total emissions (Scope 1+2+3)   
Emissions (Scope 1+2)
40%
4%
24%
3%
25%
4%
Spain (1)
Colombia
Turkey
Argentina
Mexico
Peru
29%
3%
29%
4%
30%
5%
(1) Data from BBVA, S.A. without Portugal.
As indicated, throughout the year, work has been carried out on including the calculation of financed emissions in the ex-lending 
portfolio (incorporating 3 million tons of CO2e) and the portfolios of Garanti BBVA (incorporating 47 million tons of CO2e) and 
Argentina (adding 7 million tons of CO2e). 
The following graph shows the impact of the different factors that explain the evolution of the calculation of financed emissions during 
2024:
EVOLUTION OF THE CALCULATION OF FINANCED EMISSIONS BETWEEN 2023 AND 2024 (MtCO2e)
159.1
-7.8
-2.2
-8.1
-6.4
134.7
6.2
46.7
3
190.6
Geographical 
scope:
Dec-24
Emission 
reductions in 
SPAIN
Emission 
reductions in 
MEXICO
Emission 
reductions in 
PERU
Emission 
reductions in 
COLOMBIA
Financed 
issues as of 
Dec 31-Dec 
24 
(equivalent 
perimeter)
Incorporation 
ARGENTINA
Incorporation 
TURKEY and 
SUBSIDIARIES
Incorporation 
of FIXED and 
VARIABLE 
INCOME
TOTAL 2024
Considering the same perimeter as at the end of 2023, financed emissions have been reduced by 15.3%, from 159.1 to 134.69 
MtCO2e. By geography, the reduction of 7.8 MtCO2e in Spain stands out due to adjustments to emission factors, as well as in 
Colombia and Peru, with a reduction of6.4 and 8.1 MtCO2e respectively, mainly due to the reduction in exposure to relevant 
customers in the fossil fuel portfolio.
For the financed emissions, an economic intensity metric has been calculated using the entity's exposure to its counterparties for its 
associated emissions. In this sense, the intensity coefficient has resulted in 690 tCO2e/Mn€.
In the future, fluctuations in the measurement of financed emissions can be expected, both due to revisions of emissions factors 
provided by PCAF and due to greater use of data reported by customers as their publication becomes more widespread.
Below is a table detailing the financed emissions at the Group level by economic activity, along with a breakdown by emission scope 
(1, 2, and 3) and intensity coefficient. Additionally, a column is included with the "score", which reflects the quality of the emissions 
calculation on a scale from 1 to 5, where 5 represents the lowest quality and 1 the most precise calculation.
Consolidated Management Report Consolidated Non-financial Information Statement
95
This English version is a translation of the original in Spanish for information purposes only. In case of a discrepancy, the Spanish original will prevail.

FINANCED EMISSIONS (BBVA GROUP)
2024 (1)
2023 (2)
Emissions financed
(MtCO2e)
Intensity
(tCO2e/M€)
Score
Emissions financed
(MtCO2e)
Intensity
(tCO2e/M€)
Score
Sector
Total
Scope
1 + 2
Scope 3
Scope
1 + 2
Scope
1 + 2 + 3
Total
Scope
1 + 2
Scope 3
Scope
1 + 2
Scope
1 + 2 + 3
Manufacturing
86.2
20.4
65.8
415
1,675
3.8
71.7
16.5
55.2
471
1,577
3.6
Generation of 
electricity, gas, 
steam and air 
conditioning
21.5
12.3
9.1
751
1,066
3.7
13.2
6.7
6.5
569
555
3.0
Wholesale and 
retail trade
43.1
13.1
30.0
419
1,409
4.1
20.9
4.1
16.8
179
730
4.3
Mining and 
quarrying
10.3
3.2
7.1
733
2,735
3.0
30.0
24.3
5.7
5,430
1,268
2.8
Transport and 
storage
5.3
2.8
2.5
231
499
4.0
4.3
1.9
2.4
208
261
4.2
Agriculture, 
forestry and 
fisheries
8.3
5.9
2.4
1,497
2,285
4.3
7.6
5.4
2.2
1,540
608
4.1
Other sectors
10.8
3.4
7.4
61
196
3.9
6.6
2.2
4.4
52
109
4.1
Mortgages
3.4
3.4
—
36
36
3.6
2.7
2.7
—
29
—
3.7
Other retail 
portfolios
1.8
1.8
—
211
211
4.2
2.1
2.1
—
293
—
4.5
Total
190.6
66.3
124.3
240
690
3.8
159.1
65.9
93.2
289
408
3.8
(1) Includes data from BBVA, S.A. (excluding Portugal), BBVA Mexico, BBVA Peru, BBVA Colombia, BBVA Argentina and Garanti BBVA (including Garanti Bank International and 
Garanti Bank Romania).
(2) Includes data from BBVA, S.A. (excluding Portugal), BBVA Mexico, BBVA Peru and BBVA Colombia.
For the analysis of the effects on results due to transition risk, the transitional period for disclosure established by the ESRS has been 
considered. 
Financed emissions from the loan portfolio with intermediate decarbonization targets for 
2030
For those sectors with an alignment metric and emission reduction targets set for 2030, BBVA has calculated the amount of 
emissions covered by these targets, according to the PCAF methodology.
These sectors can be divided into subsectors that represent the different parts of the sector's value chain. The different alignment 
methodologies according to sector have in common that they focus on measuring a specific part of the value chain, the part that is 
considered to contribute to the reduction of the sector's emissions to the greatest extent. If emissions are reduced in that part of the 
value chain, the entire sector will benefit from the reduction. 
To calculate the coverage of emissions financed with emissions reduction targets for 2030, BBVA takes into account all emissions 
from all sectors with emissions reduction targets for 2030, including the entire value chain in the numerator of the calculation. The 
denominator includes all emissions reported by BBVA using the PCAF methodology42.
The emissions coverage obtained at the end of December 2024 is 38.6 MT of CO2e of scope 1 and 2 for the total of the sectors with 
alignment metrics following the methodologies described above, which represents 58% of the total financed emissions. In terms of 
exposure, for the same sectors, the coverage percentage is 43% using the figure of balances drawn balances in all segments and 
countries.
Consolidated Management Report Consolidated Non-financial Information Statement
96
This English version is a translation of the original in Spanish for information purposes only. In case of a discrepancy, the Spanish original will prevail.
42 Calculation of the coverage of emissions financed with emission reduction targets for 2030: Numerator: Scope 1 and 2 emissions from the sectors for which targets have been 
set (asset class business loans and project finance) + asset class CRE and RRE emissions + asset class Vehicle loans emissions). Denominator: Total scope 1 and 2 emissions 
from all asset classes. Assumptions incorporated into the calculation: (1) Only scope 1 and 2 emissions are computed to avoid double counting of emissions; (2) In order to 
compute emissions from the automotive sector, whose KPI is established on the basis of scope 3, scope 1 and 2 emissions from the financed vehicle fleet (car loans) are taken into 
account, which are those that would coincide with the perimeter of the metric used (scope 3 of the producers); (3)In the case of the O&G sector, whose alignment metric is 
established on the upstream scope 1+2+3, only the scope 1 and 2 emissions of the entire sector are computed, also to avoid falling into double counting of emissions. The 
emissions taken into account in this calculation, therefore, differ from those included in the specific alignment metric of the sector; (4)For the calculation of coverage, the total 
data of scope 1+2 emissions is included in the denominator but only the data of Spain from CRE and RRE in the numerator (joined to the rest of Asset Class) since only alignment 
objectives have been set for this country.

2. Energy consumption and carbon footprint calculation
The global strategy for managing BBVA's environmental impacts, with the exception of the financed emissions mentioned in the 
previous section, is structured around three main lines of action:
1.
Calculation of the energy consumption and the carbon footprint, incorporating new geographies and a new category 
within Scope 3 of the carbon footprint (3.4 Upstream Transportation and Distribution) into the measurement perimeter.
2.
Reduction of environmental impact, including the reduction of energy consumption through energy efficiency initiatives, 
the implementation of measures to mitigate water and paper consumption, the use of renewable energy electricity, and the 
awareness and involvement of employees and other stakeholders.
3.
Purchase and retirement of carbon credits43 for an amount equivalent to Scope 1, 2 and categories 5 (waste generated in 
operations), 6 (businesses travel) and 7 (employee commuting) of scope 3.
BBVA has an internal methodology, applicable in the Group's different geographies, for collecting information on consumption 
associated with direct environmental impacts. Under this common standard, the information is consolidated and subsequently used 
to calculate the Group's carbon footprint.
Energy consumption
ENERGY CONSUMPTION AND MIX (BBVA GROUP)
2023 (1)
2024 (2)
Total fossil energy consumption (MWh) (3)
76,195
69,174
Share of fossil fuels in total energy consumption (%)
 11 %
 10 %
Consumption of fuel from nuclear sources (MWh)
—
—
Share of nuclear sources in total energy consumption (%)
—
—
Fuel consumption from renewable sources, such as biomass (which also includes industrial and 
municipal waste of biological origin, biogas, renewable hydrogen, etc.) (MWh)
—
—
Consumption of electricity, heat, steam and cooling purchased or acquired from renewable sources 
(MWh)
602,071
638,408
Consumption of self-generated renewable energy not used as fuel (MWh)
—
—
Total renewable energy consumption (MWh)
602,071
638,408
Share of renewable sources in total energy consumption (%)
 89 %
 90 %
Total energy consumption (MWh)
678,266
707,582
(1) The 2023 data differs from those published in the previous Consolidated Non-Financial Information Statement because the estimates included at the close of the 2023 fiscal year 
have been replaced with actual consumption data available after the publication of that report.
(2) For the year 2024, estimates are used for data not available at the closing date of this report.
(3) Includes the consumption of non-renewable electricity and fossil fuels (natural gas, liquefied petroleum gas - LPG, diesel, and coal), excluding fuels consumed in fleets.
Carbon footprint
BBVA Group's carbon footprint is composed of the following classification of emissions:
–
Scope 1 emissions, which include direct emissions from combustion plants in buildings for own use (including data 
centers), vehicle fleet fuel and emissions from refrigerant gas leaks.
–
Scope 2 emissions, greenhouse gas emissions, which include indirect emissions related to the production of purchased 
electricity and consumed by Group’s buildings (including data centers) and foreign branches.
–
Scope 3 emissions, which include other indirect emissions that occur in the company's value chain as a result of its 
activity. The following Scope 3 categories that are considered material and applicable to the Group's businesses are 
published: 
•
3.1: Purchased goods and services
•
3.2: Capital goods
•
3.3: Fuel and energy-related activities (not included in Scope 1 or Scope 2)
•
3.4: Upstream transportation and distribution 44
•
3.5: Waste generated in operations
•
3.6: Business travel
•
3.7: Employee commuting
•
3.13: Downstream leased assets
Consolidated Management Report Consolidated Non-financial Information Statement
97
This English version is a translation of the original in Spanish for information purposes only. In case of a discrepancy, the Spanish original will prevail.
43 For the purposes of this report, the terms retire and cancel are used indistinctly with regards to carbon credits.
44 In 2023, upstream transportation and distribution emissions were included in category 3.1 Purchased goods and services.

BBVA will work on estimating the rest of the applicable categories of scope 3 not currently included in the calculation of the footprint, 
although it is considered that it will not have a material impact.
GHG EMISSIONS BROKEN DOWN BY SCOPE 1, 2 AND 3 (EXCEPT FINANCED EMISSIONS) (BBVA GROUP) (1)
Retrospective
Milestones and target years
Base year
2023 (2)
2024 (3)
% 2024 / 
2023
2025
2030
Annual % 
target / base 
year
Scope 1 GHG emissions
Gross scope 1 GHG emissions (tCO2eq)
62,672
39,859
41,856
 5 %
n.a.
n.a.
n.a.
Percentage of Scope 1 GHG emissions from 
regulated emissions trading schemes (%)
n/a
n/a
n/a
n/a
n/a
n/a
n/a
Scope 2 GHG emissions
Gross location-based Scope 2 GHG emissions 
(tCO2eq)
n.a.
193,690
198,679
 3 %
n.a.
n.a.
n.a.
Gross market-based scope 2 GHG emissions 
(tCO2eq)
186,172
6,995
4,481
 (36) %
n.a.
n.a. (4)
n.a.
Significant scope 3 GHG emissions
Total Gross indirect (Scope 3) GHG emissions 
(tCO2eq)
n.a.
1,452,294
1,346,681
 (7) %
n.a.
n.a.
n.a.
1. Purchased goods and services
n.a.
1,050,073
741,491
 (29) %
n.a.
n.a.
n.a.
2. Capital goods
n.a.
215,516
225,548
 5 %
n.a.
n.a.
n.a.
3. Fuel and energy-related activities (not 
included in scope 1 or scope 2)
n.a.
77,160
79,017
 2 %
n.a.
n.a.
n.a.
4. Upstream transportation and distribution (5)
n.a.
n/d
181,893
n/d
n.a.
n.a.
n.a.
5. Waste generated in operations
n.a.
882
1,289
 46 %
n.a.
n.a.
n.a.
6. Business traveling
n.a.
30,269
32,631
 8 %
n.a.
n.a.
n.a.
7. Employee commuting
n.a.
73,777
81,673
 11 %
n.a.
n.a.
n.a.
13. Downstream leased assets
n.a.
4,616
3139
 (32) %
n.a.
n.a.
n.a.
Total GHG emissions (except financed emissions)
Total GHG emissions (location-based) 
(tCO2eq)
n.a.
1,685,842
1,587,215
 (6) %
n.a.
n.a.
n.a.
Total GHG emissions (market-based) 
(tCO2eq)
n.a.
1,499,147
1,393,017
 (7) %
n.a.
n.a.
n.a.
n/a: not applicable.  n.a.: not available
(1) Currently, BBVA does not have operational targets in place for 2030, as the 2030 Eco-efficiency Plan is under development and will include a new definition of targets. In 
addition, the targets that were defined for 2025 have already been achieved.
(2) The data for 2023 differ from those published in the previous Statement of Non-Financial Information because the estimates included at the close of the 2023 fiscal year have 
been replaced by the actual consumption available after the publication of that report and certain values have been modified in accordance with the new data. 
(3) For the year 2024, estimates are used for data not available at the closing date of this report. 
 
 
(4) BBVA has an internal target of 100% renewable electricity by 2030.
(5) In 2023, emissions from category 3.4 Transportation and upstream distribution were included in category 3.1 Purchased goods and services.
Regarding the types of GHG, 99.4% of the emissions generated by BBVA are CO2, while CH4 and N2O emissions represent 0.2% and 
0.4%, respectively45.
Emissions calculation methodology 46
Both Scope 1 and 2 emissions, as well as Scope 3 emissions, are calculated taking into consideration the GHG Protocol standard 
established by the World Resources Institute (WRI) and the World Business Council for Sustainable Development (WBCSD). The 
calculation process for Scope 2 and Scope 3 categories: 3.1, 3.2, 3.3, 3.4 and 3.13, has been carried out with an external provider.
The GHGs taken into account in each of the scopes and categories depend on the methodological particularities of the emission 
factors considered.
Consolidated Management Report Consolidated Non-financial Information Statement
98
This English version is a translation of the original in Spanish for information purposes only. In case of a discrepancy, the Spanish original will prevail.
45 Includes Scope 1 emissions from fossil fuels and fleet fuels, Scope 2 emissions, and Scope 3, category 3.6 emissions from air and train travel.
46 Excluding category 3.15 Investments (see section "Calculation of financed emissions").

Scope 1 emissions
Fossil fuels
–
To calculate the carbon footprint from the use of fossil fuels in the facilities, the emission factor is multiplied by the fuel 
consumption data. The fossil fuels considered are natural gas, diesel fuel in facilities, liquefied petroleum gas and coal.
–
The combined emission factor data for each fossil fuel is obtained from the emission factors and global warming potentials 
of each of the three main GHGs (CO2, CH4 and N2O), the lower calorific value or net calorific value and the density of the fuel.
–
Sources used are 2006 IPCC Guidelines for National Greenhouse Gas Inventories for emission factors and the IPCC Fifth 
Assessment Report and the International Energy Agency (IEA) for conversion to CO2e.
Refrigerants
–
The available emission factors are multiplied by the kilograms of each type of refrigerant being recharged.
–
The emission factors used are those published by the Department for Environment, Food and Rural Affairs, UK (DEFRA).
Fleet fuels
–
The consumption data in liters is converted to kilometers traveled and multiplied by the available emission factors.
–
The emission factors used correspond to the latest data available from DEFRA.
Scope 2 emissions
They are calculated from the data on electricity consumed at the Group's facilities by multiplying electricity consumption by the 
emission factors.
BBVA calculates Scope 2 emissions using two different methods:
–
Location-based emissions: To calculate the carbon footprint, the electricity consumption data in kWh for each geography 
is multiplied by the emission factor of the energy mix of each country. The external provider used by BBVA to calculate 
Scope 2 emissions employs the emission factors from the International Energy Agency (IEA) for this method.
–
Market-based emissions: The calculation differentiates between electricity consumption from renewable and non-
renewable sources, based on the supply contracts established between BBVA and the electricity suppliers.
•
Renewable: In order to consider electricity consumption as renewable, the electricity supplier must guarantee 
compliance with any of the conditions established in the GHG Protocol for instruments acquired by BBVA, such as 
renewable electricity certificates, renewable energy purchase agreements (PPAs) or guarantees of origin. The 
emission factor to be used in these cases is 0 kg CO2e/kWh.
•
Non-renewable: For non-renewable electricity emission factors from IEA and European Residual Mixes from 
Association of Issuing Bodies (AIB) will be used. 
97% of the electricity consumed by BBVA is renewable47. To achieve this, BBVA uses different contractual instruments: of 
the total renewable electricity, 52.7% is purchased via IRECs, 41.5% via PPAs, 5.6% through guarantees of origin and 0.2% 
comes from self-consumption facilities.
Scope 3 emissions
3.1. Purchased goods and services
–
The data used as the basis for the calculation correspond to the Group's operating expenses and include those companies 
whose billing is recorded through the global technological platform that supports all phases of the procurement process. 
–
Regarding emission factors:
•
Supplier-specific emission factors have been used when the supplier publishes its emissions in full. In 2024, the 
percentage of emissions calculated with emission factors obtained from supplier-specific data is 17% (compared 
to 4% in 2023).
•
Emission factors from the Comprehensive Environmental Data Archive (CEDA) have been used when supplier-
specific data are not available, based on the category and location of each expenditure.
3.2. Capital goods
–
The calculation methodology is the same as for 3.1, taking capital expenditure data instead of operating expenses.
–
In 2024, the percentage of emissions calculated with emission factors obtained from supplier-specific data is 12% 
(compared to 1% in 2023).
3.3. Fuel and energy-related activities (not included in Scope 1 or Scope 2
–
Consumption and activity data used to calculate Scopes 1 and 2 are used as the basis for the calculation.
–
Well-to-tank (WTT) and transmission and distribution (T&D) emission factors apply. Sources for the emission factors are 
DEFRA, IEA and European Residual Mixes.
Consolidated Management Report Consolidated Non-financial Information Statement
99
This English version is a translation of the original in Spanish for information purposes only. In case of a discrepancy, the Spanish original will prevail.
47 The electricity consumed is 100% renewable in Colombia, Spain, Mexico, Peru, Turkey, Portugal and Uruguay, 92% in the Netherlands, 79% in Venezuela, 74% in Argentina and 
29% in Romania.

3.4. Upstream transportation and distribution
–
The calculation methodology is the same as for 3.1, using the operational expense data corresponding to transportation and 
distribution activities, such as courier services, debit and credit card distribution, cash transportation, and office furniture 
transportation and logistics services.  
–
In 2024, the percentage of emissions calculated with emission factors obtained from specific supplier data is 3%.
3.5. Waste generated in operations
–
This indicator is calculated based on the data of kilograms of waste generated in the buildings and their utilization 
percentages. The recycling, recovery, or valorization method used for each type of waste is taken into account.
–
The emission factors used correspond to the latest data available from DEFRA.
3.6. Business travel
–
This indicator is calculated from the data on kilometers traveled during business trips made by plane and/or train.
–
Air travel is classified into three sections based on the number of kilometers travelled to identify short-distance (less than 
500 km), medium-distance (between 500 and 3,700 km) and long-distance (more than 3,700 km) trips.
–
The emission factors used correspond to the latest data available from DEFRA.
3.7. Employee commuting
–
This indicator is calculated based on data from the means of transportation used by employees to access their workplaces, 
collected through a survey sent to employees in the geographies within the carbon footprint calculation perimeter of the 
Group.
–
The emission factors used correspond to the latest data available from DEFRA.
3.13. Downstream leased assets
–
Includes emissions from BBVA-owned buildings leased to third parties.
–
Activity data is used as the basis for the calculation.
–
The sources of the emission factors used are US EPA, European Residual Mixes, IEA, DEFRA and IPCC.
BBVA will continue to work on the review and identification of new concepts to be included in the above categories of the Group's 
carbon footprint, as part of the process of continuous improvement of its measurement.
Perimeter of calculation
–
The data for energy consumption and emissions from Scope 1, 2, and Scope 3 corresponding to fuel and energy-related 
activities not included in Scope 1 or Scope 2 (3.3), waste generated from operations (3.5), business travel (3.6), and 
employee commuting (3.7) includes the countries Spain, Mexico, Turkey, Peru, Colombia, Argentina, Uruguay, Portugal, 
and, for the first time in 2024, Venezuela, Romania, and the Netherlands. Certain geographic areas (Chile, Bolivia, 
Switzerland, United States, Brazil, and BBVA branches outside Spain) and certain companies within the BBVA Group are 
not included in the perimeter. The perimeter not included in this measurement (geographies and/or subsidiaries in the 
above-mentioned countries) represent 2.6% of the total BBVA Group employees.
–
The data for scope 3 emissions corresponding to purchased goods and services (3.1), capital goods (3.2) and upstream 
transportation and distribution (3.4) are calculated based on the Group's annual turnover and include those companies 
whose turnover is recorded through the global technological platform that supports all phases of the procurement process 
in the BBVA Group in Spain, Mexico, Peru, Colombia, Argentina and Venezuela48.
–
The data for Scope 3 emissions related to downstream leased assets (3.13) includes the countries Spain, Mexico, Peru, 
Colombia, Argentina, Venezuela, Uruguay, and, for the first time in 2024, Portugal and Turkey (the emission data for the 
geographies of Portugal, Mexico, Peru, Turkey, Venezuela, and Uruguay are zero as they do not report leased assets subject 
to be considered in this category).
Consolidated Management Report Consolidated Non-financial Information Statement
100
This English version is a translation of the original in Spanish for information purposes only. In case of a discrepancy, the Spanish original will prevail.
48 Includes the entities BBVA, S.A., BBVA Mexico, S.A., BBVA Peru Bank, BBVA Colombia, S.A., BBVA Banco Provincial, S.A., BBVA Argentina Bank, S.A., BBVA Seguros Mexico, 
S.A., BBVA Pensiones Mexico, BBVA Seguros Salud Mexico, BBVA Foundation Mexico, BBVA Brokerage House Mexico, BBVA Adm. Servs. Mexico, BBVA Operadora Mexico, 
BBVA Axial Tech S.A. de CV, Multiasistencia S.A. de CV, Gran Jorge Juan, S.A., COPESA, S.A., SEDAE, S.A., SECOSEG S.A. de CV, Banco Occidental, S.A., Aplica Nextgen 
Servicios, Aplica Nextgen Operadora, SECOBAN, S.A., Multiasistencia Operadora, Futuro Familiar S.A. de CV and Financiera Ayudamos, S.A.

3. Reduction of environmental impact
Global Eco-efficiency Plan 2021-2025
BBVA Group has a reduction plan for its direct environmental impact, the Global Ecoefficiency Plan 2021-202549, last renewed in 
2021, with its objectives being fully achieved in 2023. During 2024, the Group has been working on further improving all the indicators 
of the plan.
The focus of the Global Ecoefficiency Plan50 is on reducing consumption, aiming to decrease the Group's direct environmental impact 
and improve the utilization of natural resources. The indicators can be found in the following table:
EVOLUTION OF THE GLOBAL ECO-EFFICIENCY PLAN INDICATORS (BBVA GROUP) (1)
Values 
2024 (2)
Achievement 2024 
(∆ 24-19) (3)
2024 interannual 
GEP Goal 
2025 GEP 
Goal
Renewable electricity
 97 %
+58 p.p.
 76 %
 77 %
Electricity consumption per employee (MWh/Employee) (4)
5.49
 (18) %
 (9) %
 (10) %
Energy consumption per employee (MWh/Employee) (5)
5.91
 (21) %
 (6) %
 (7) %
Water consumption per employee (m3/Employee)
12.10
 (36) %
 (6) %
 (11) %
Paper consumption per employee (kg/Employee)
29.71
 (40) %
 (10) %
 (11) %
Net waste per employee (t/Employee) (6)
0.01
 (55) %
 (3) %
 (4) %
Scope 1&2 carbon emissions (tCO2e) (7)
46,337
 (81) %
 (65) %
 (67) %
Environmentally certified area (8)
 60 %
+19 p.p.
 44 %
 45 %
(1) The data shown for 2024 include the countries of Spain, Mexico, Turkey, Peru, Colombia, Argentina, Uruguay, Portugal, Venezuela, Romania and the Netherlands. Certain 
geographical areas (Chile, Bolivia, Switzerland, the United States, Brazil and BBVA branches outside Spain) and certain BBVA Group companies, which account for 2.6% of the 
BBVA Group's total number of employees, are not included in the perimeter. Some of the data for 2024 are estimates as complete information for the year was not yet available 
at the date of publication of the report. The geographical areas of Venezuela, Romania and the Netherlands are included in the calculation perimeter in 2024, as they are not 
included in the KPIs of the Global Eco-efficiency Plan, which were established in 2021.
(2) For the year 2024, estimates are used for data not available at the closing date of this report.
(3) The Achievement 2024 indicators for Renewable Electricity and Environmentally Certified Area are expressed as a percentage point change over the 2019 value.
(4) Includes the sum of renewable and non-renewable electricity (per employee).
(5) Includes the consumption of electricity and fossil fuels (natural gas, liquefied petroleum gas (LPG), diesel and coal), except fuels consumed in fleets.
(6) Net waste is the total waste generated minus the waste that is recycled. 
(7) Includes Scope 1 (fuels in facilities and vehicle fleet and refrigerant gases), Scope 2 market-based. 
(8) Includes IS0 14001, ISO 50001, LEED, Edge and WWF Green Office and Zero Waste certifications.
The achievement of these indicators has been made possible through the following action vectors:
Consumption
Regarding electricity consumption, BBVA's strategy is focused on the use of renewable energy. This strategy includes reaching 
agreements on energy purchases (Power Purchase Agreements or PPAs) like those already in place in Spain, Mexico, Turkey, and 
Argentina, as well as acquiring renewable energy certificates such as Guarantees of Origin in Spain and Portugal, or international 
renewable energy certifications (IRECs) in Mexico, Turkey, Peru, Colombia, and Argentina. The strategy also promotes self-
generation of renewable energy through the installation of photovoltaic and thermosolar panels at the Group's facilities, as is already 
happening in several subsidiaries such as Spain, Turkey, Argentina, and Uruguay.  
Additionally, BBVA continues working on implementing Energy Saving Measures (MAEs) in the management of its properties, with the 
goal of controlling and reducing consumption.  
For information related to indicators on water and paper consumption, waste, and environmentally certified surface area, see the 
section "Natural Capital".
Carbon footprint
Regarding the carbon footprint, for Scope 1 and 2 CO2 emissions, the reduction of emissions is achieved through energy efficiency 
strategies, the renewal of fleets with traditional fuels to hybrid and electric fleets, and the use of renewable energy.
To mitigate Scope 3 carbon emissions, BBVA is working on a series of measures, such as:
–
Suppliers (categories 3.1, 3.2, 3.4): BBVA is actively working to increase the percentage of emissions calculated using 
emission factors obtained from data provided by suppliers in Scope 3 categories 3.1, 3.2, and 3.4. This approach improves 
the accuracy of measurements and develops more effective strategies for reducing emissions across the supply chain.
Consolidated Management Report Consolidated Non-financial Information Statement
101
This English version is a translation of the original in Spanish for information purposes only. In case of a discrepancy, the Spanish original will prevail.
49 For the Ecoefficiency Plan 2021-2025, 2019 is used as the baseline, as the consumption values for 2020 were affected by the COVID-19 pandemic.
50 Indicators of this Plan are subject to formalized monitoring by the Global Head of the Talent and Culture area.

–
Waste generated in operations (category 3.5): Implementation of certifications such as ISO 14.001:2015 and Zero Waste.
–
Business Travel (category 3.6): The carbon footprint generated by air and train travel is communicated internally to various 
BBVA departments. This, combined with recommendations and alternatives to reduce emissions, encourages employees’ 
awareness when planning their business trips.
–
Employee commuting (category 3.7): BBVA has 363 charging points for 100% electric and plug-in hybrid (PHEV) vehicles 
available at the Group’s buildings for its employees.
New Global Eco-efficiency Plan 2025-2030
BBVA is developing a new Global Ecoefficiency Plan, with goals set for 2030, and its implementation will begin in 2025.  
The creation of this plan involves the active participation of teams from the different geographies where BBVA operates, with the 
purpose of identifying and applying key strategies to optimize resource use, reduce consumption, and set global goals. These 
strategies may include levers such as the progressive renewal of the vehicle fleet, improvements to lighting systems, and the renewal 
of climate control equipment and boilers, among others.  
Additionally, BBVA already has an internal goal to achieve 100% renewable electricity by 2030.
4. Purchase and retirement of carbon credits
In addition to the reduction efforts, BBVA contributes to the decarbonization of the economy, in a complementary way beyond its 
value chain, through the purchase and retirement of carbon credits.
BBVA purchases and retires carbon credits in an amount equivalent to its CO2 emissions from the categories over which it has direct 
management capacity (i.e., scopes 1, 2 and categories 5, 6 and 7 of scope 3)51.
In order to ensure the quality of these carbon credits, BBVA has established certain requirements that the selected projects must 
meet, including the obligation for them to be certified under the highest quality standards such as VCS (Verra's Verified Carbon 
Standard), Gold Standard, American Carbon Registry (ARC), Climate Action Reserve (CAR) and Plan Vivo and, from 2023, that 
projects must be CO2 absorption or capture projects.
Additionally, BBVA has an internal Voluntary Carbon Market standard, based on best practices, to evaluate, among others, the 
different types of carbon credits, certifiers and standards and quality criteria (including concepts such as additionality, permanence 
and other environmental and social aspects), in order to ensure that projects have a real and verifiable climate impact.
In 2024, BBVA has acquired loans from two forest restoration projects in Mexico (X-Pichil and Santa Elena). This year, the entire 
purchase was made through BBVA's carbon credits trading desk.
Credits retired in 2024
BBVA retires the carbon credits in the year following the reference year, whenever possible, once the complete actual carbon 
footprint data is available. If the final footprint is higher than the estimated one, the deficit will be accounted for in the purchase of 
credits for the following year, increasing the number of credits to be acquired. If the footprint is lower than estimated, the excess 
credits will be retired in the following year.  
In 2024, BBVA has retired carbon credits purchased in previous years related to the carbon footprint of 202352:  
–
Cumare Project (Colombia) (VCS): 47,949 credits retired  
–
Guanaré Project (Uruguay) (VCS): 2,723 credits retired  
–
Manantiales Wind Project (Argentina) (VCS): 1,431 credits retired  
–
Rotor Elektrik Project (Turkey) (Gold Standard): 5,607 credits retired  
–
Carbioin Project (Mexico) (CAR): 16,000 credits retired  
–
Community Project: set of forestry projects from ejidos (Mexico) (CAR): 19,000 credits retired  
Additionally, in 2024, 91 credits from the Santa Elena Project (Mexico) (CAR) have been retired for the emissions generated during 
the 2024 General Shareholders' Meeting.
Consolidated Management Report Consolidated Non-financial Information Statement
102
This English version is a translation of the original in Spanish for information purposes only. In case of a discrepancy, the Spanish original will prevail.
51 Except for the geographies of Romania and Venezuela, whose emissions have been reported for the first time in 2024.
52 The reduction project credits were acquired in 2022, prior to the implementation of the requirement that the projects be carbon capture projects.

CARBON CREDITS CANCELLED (BBVA GROUP)
2023
2024
Total (tCO2eq)
88,401
92,801
Share of elimination projects (%) (1)
 66.6 
 92.4 
Proportion of reduction projects (%)
 33.4 
 7.6 
 Verified Carbon Standard (VCS) (%) 
 44.1 
 56.2 
Gold Standard (%)
 21.9 
 6.0 
 Climate Action Reserve (CAR) (%) 
 33.9 
 37.7 
Share of projects within the EU (%)
 — 
 — 
(1) All removal credits withdrawn are for nature-based solutions projects.
Credits to be retired in 2025
In 2025, BBVA will retire credits acquired in previous years:  
–
Credits pending retirement related to the emissions for 2023, purchased in 2023.
–
The total number of credits equivalent to the emissions for 2024, purchased in 2024 and 2023.
The amounts to be retired will be defined once the actual 2024 carbon footprint data is available, ensuring the retirement of an 
amount equivalent to the real emissions, also considering any deviations from the 2023 data published in this report and the previous 
year’s report.  
Additionally, BBVA Mexico is negotiating a long-term agreement with a local supplier for the purchase of carbon credits over the next 
4 years, which will be retired year by year based on the local footprint of the country.  
Considering all of the above, the total amount of credits expected to be retired in 2025 are 212,787.
CARBON CREDITS EXPECTED TO BE CANCELED IN THE FUTURE (BBVA GROUP)
Amount up to 2025
Total (tCO2eq)
212,787
Other actions
In addition to the purchase of carbon credits, BBVA is contributing to the development of carbon markets through initiatives such as 
the following:  
–
In regulated markets, BBVA participates in government auctions in the EU ETS, offering its customers products to cover 
customers' EU ETS-related obligations.
–
In voluntary carbon markets, BBVA actively engages with its customers. Additionally, it is one of the investors in 
Carbonplace, a carbon credit trading platform.  
–
BBVA actively participates in webinars and conferences, both internal and external, to promote carbon markets and help 
customers manage risks and seize opportunities.  
–
Furthermore, BBVA is present in the Advisory Board of the European Energy Exchange (EEX) Global Carbon Index Family  
and LIFE COASE, a project co-financed by the Life Program of the European Commission.
Internal carbon price
The cost of the annual purchase of carbon credits is assumed locally in the different geographies of the Group (including Holding)53 
based on their individual carbon footprint, generating an internal carbon price mechanism and creating local emission reduction 
incentives.  
Thus, each unit must include a budget item for the purchase of carbon credits based on:  
–
The estimated carbon footprint for the year for Scope 1 and 2, and categories 5, 6, and 7 of Scope 3 emissions.  
–
The estimated market price of a CO2 capture carbon credit in the geographies where BBVA operates. For 2024, the 
domestic carbon price was set at 32 euros per ton, based on expectations of growth in voluntary carbon markets. The final 
price of the acquired carbon credits will depend on the market price at the time of the purchase54.
Consolidated Management Report Consolidated Non-financial Information Statement
103
This English version is a translation of the original in Spanish for information purposes only. In case of a discrepancy, the Spanish original will prevail.
53 Includes Argentina, Colombia, Spain (including Holding), Mexico, Peru, Portugal, Turkey, the Netherlands and Uruguay.
54 The actual purchase price is not specified due to confidentiality obligations.

2.1.5
Sustainable financing under Article 8 of the European 
Taxonomy55
Regulatory Framework
Regulation (EU) 2020/852 of the European Parliament and of the Council of 18 June 2020 (hereinafter the Taxonomy Regulation) 
establishing a framework to facilitate sustainable investments aims to establish the criteria for determining whether an economic 
activity is considered environmentally sustainable, compatible with the objective of keeping global warming below 1.5 ºC with respect 
to pre-industrial levels and with the European Green Deal.
Furthermore, Article 8 establishes certain disclosure obligations for companies subject to the Non-Financial Reporting Directive 
(NFRD).
Based on the above, financial institutions must include a series of indicators related to sustainable economic activities in their Non-
Financial Information Statement according to the EU Taxonomy. The Taxonomy Regulation identifies six environmental objectives:
1.
 Mitigation of climate change;
2.
Adaptation to climate change;
3.
Sustainable use and protection of water and marine resources;
4.
Transition to a circular economy;
5.
Pollution prevention and control;
6.
Protection and recovery of biodiversity and ecosystems. 
Based on these objectives, the regulation has also developed technical criteria to assess whether an activity is environmentally 
sustainable.
The first step is to determine whether an activity falls under those listed as eligible by the EU Taxonomy, which are those that can 
potentially contribute to one or more environmental objectives. For an economic activity to be deemed eligible, it must be included in 
the delegated acts that implement the European Taxonomy. However, this does not automatically mean it is classified as 
environmentally sustainable; it must also satisfy the established technical screening criteria. If it does not, it cannot be considered as 
such.
Subsequently, once eligibility has been determined, it is necessary to check whether the activity is aligned with the EU taxonomy by 
verifying that the following technical selection criteria are met:
–
The activity contributes substantially to one or more of the six environmental objectives.
–
The activity does not cause significant harm to any of the other environmental objectives (Do No Significantly Harm or 
hereinafter DNSH).
–
The activity is carried out in accordance with the Minimum Social and Human Rights Safeguards (Minimum Social Safeguards 
or MSS), the OECD Guidelines for Multinational Business and the United Nations Guiding Principles on Business and Human 
Rights, including the principles and rights set out in the eight core conventions referred to in the International Labour 
Organization Declaration on Fundamental Principles and Rights at Work and the International Bill of Human Rights. 
The disclosure obligations based on the EU taxonomy and the technical selection criteria have been specified in successive regulatory 
developments and in communications on the interpretation and application of the delegated acts of the EU taxonomy. 
–
Economic activities aligned with the environmental objectives of Mitigation and Adaptation to Climate Change.  
–
Specific Disclosures on alignment of some activities related to Nuclear Energy and Gas. 
–
Eligible economic activities in relation to environmental objectives: sustainable use and protection of water and marine 
resources, transition towards a circular economy, prevention and control of pollution, and finally the protection and 
recovery of biodiversity and ecosystems.
It should be noted that economic activities that are not within the framework of the EU taxonomy or do not meet all its requirements 
do not imply that they are harmful or have a negative impact on the environment, but rather that they do not meet all the conditions to 
be part of this classification.
Consolidated Management Report Consolidated Non-financial Information Statement
104
This English version is a translation of the original in Spanish for information purposes only. In case of a discrepancy, the Spanish original will prevail.
55 The complete information defined in the templates in Annex VI of Delegated Act 2021/2178 on Article 8 Disclosure is shown in chapter “Tables relating to Article 8 of the 
European Taxonomy” within section “Appendices to the Consolidated Non-financial Information Statement” of this consolidated Management Report .

Economic Activities Aligned with the Environmental Objectives of Climate Change 
Mitigation and Adaptation
The economic activities of credit institutions are mainly reflected in the different products and services they offer to customers, as 
well as in the investments they make to manage their assets and liquidity. These activities are considered aligned under the EU 
taxonomy to the extent that the activities carried out by certain counterparties of said products or investments provided for in the 
regulations are aligned.
The Green Asset Ratio (GAR) is an indicator to reflect the extent to which certain assets on the banking balance sheet are aligned with 
the EU taxonomy. This indicator has been developed following the regulatory definitions of the European Commission. Currently, the 
EU taxonomy methodology does not allow financial institutions to include exposures to companies that are not subject to the Non-
Financial Reporting Directive (NFRD) in the numerator of sustainability ratios. Therefore, exposures to companies based in third 
countries outside the EU and those in the EU that are not subject to this Directive, such as the majority of SMEs, are excluded from the 
numerator, even though they are included in the denominator. This means that, in practice, any eligible economic activity financed 
outside the EU (except for limited exceptions) will not be computed in the ratio. This structural characteristic of the GAR leads to 
significant differences depending on each bank's business model, customer base, and geographical footprint. Section 6.4 of this 
report includes all EU taxonomy information in the format required by the regulations. Below are the main assumptions used in 
preparing the EU Taxonomy information, as well as the areas where significant judgments have been made.
Context, scope of assets and activities covered by GAR, and information on data 
sources and limitations
In accordance with Delegated Regulation 2021/2178, Annex V, Section 1.1.1, credit institutions must disclose the Green Asset Ratio 
(GAR) based on their prudential consolidation scope, determined in accordance with Regulation (EU) No 575/2013 of the European 
Parliament and of the Council (CRR). In this regard, for solvency purposes, the consolidated group will include dependent entities as 
defined in Article 18 of the CRR.
The prudential consolidation scope differs from the consolidation perimeter according to accounting criteria, where entities will be 
included in the consolidated group when the parent company holds or can hold, directly or indirectly, control over them. Thus, when 
preparing the Group's Consolidated Financial Statements, all dependent companies and structured entities that are subject to 
consolidation have been consolidated using the full consolidation method. Associates and joint ventures (those with joint control 
agreements) are accounted for using the equity method. Under the prudential consolidation method, certain entities, mainly 
insurance and real estate companies, are consolidated by applying the equity method, as opposed to the accounting method 
described above, where they are consolidated by applying the full consolidation method. Likewise, under the prudential criteria, joint 
ventures are proportionally consolidated.
The prudential perimeter is the same one used for disclosure in the prudential relevance report that the Group periodically publishes. 
As of December 31, 2024, the total consolidated balance sheet amount for the accounting perimeter is 772,402 million euros, while 
the prudential perimeter is 744,098 million euros.
With respect to data sources, only and exclusively information on alignment56 with the Taxonomy that is publicly available and 
provided in the annual reports by the counterparty or customer is used, and is obtained through external data providers. The 
information on counterparty alignment is irremediably lagged by one year, as it corresponds to the alignment of the immediately 
preceding year. 
In terms of limitations, the Group has information on the most significant entities representing 96% of total assets. The financial 
assets analyzed correspond to the categories of financial instruments valued “At amortized cost”, “Fair Value through Other 
Comprehensive Income (FVOCI)”, “Fair Value through Profit and Loss” and “Non-tradable at Fair Value through Profit and Loss”. This 
data represents the best information available to date.
Description of compliance with the Taxonomy Regulation in the business strategy, 
product design processes, and engagement with customers and counterparties
BBVA is promoting the development of sustainable products or products that promote sustainability, for which it has established a 
sustainable business channeling objective. For further information, see “evolution of sustainable business channeling” in this report, 
which describes the criteria that the Group has defined in this regard. 
Among the criteria defined, it is included that the internal standards are inspired by the European taxonomy, as they consider the 
element of “substantial contribution” to one of the objectives defined. The internal definition of sustainable business seeks, among 
other things, to promote solutions that support customers in their transition to a decarbonized economy, promote the protection of 
natural capital or inclusive growth, and is therefore broader than the taxonomic definitions. In addition, the Group's sustainable 
business is developed in the different geographies in which it operates, taking into account, where appropriate, the corresponding 
adaptations to reflect local specificities. 
Consolidated Management Report Consolidated Non-financial Information Statement
105
This English version is a translation of the original in Spanish for information purposes only. In case of a discrepancy, the Spanish original will prevail.
56  General purpose alignment, as indicated in this section.

Regarding financing to customers and counterparties aligned with the Taxonomy, it must be considered whether the financing 
granted to a counterparty serves a general purpose for them, or if it serves a specific purpose, in which case it corresponds to 
commercial products with a specific goal. In order to comply with the Taxonomy Regulation and identify the Group's exposures to 
activities included in the European taxonomy, it is verified, where applicable, that customers and counterparties are aligned with the 
taxonomy.
General-purpose financing
Non-financial companies subject to the NFRD (Non-Financial Reporting Directive) were required to publish for the first time in their 
management reports at the close of the 2022 fiscal year, their KPIs57 (Key Performance Indicators) related to climate change 
mitigation and adaptation objectives: i) Turnover, and ii) their capital expenditure (CapEx) and operating expenses (OpEx). Starting in 
2024, these publications will include indicators corresponding to other environmental objectives. The information published by non-
financial companies subject to the NFRD is necessary for financial institutions to calculate the eligibility and alignment of certain 
exposures recorded on their balance sheet. Thus, financial institutions use the data published by these counterparties to calculate the 
proportion of the general-purpose exposure aligned with the EU taxonomy. As indicated above, the Group has obtained, through an 
external provider, the data published by certain companies and uses it to calculate the alignment of general-purpose financing 
granted to them. Public customer information has also been used to more accurately reflect eligible activities, representing an 
evolution of granular information from major EU customers. In the retail portfolio (households), as opposed to the previous year, 
financing for the acquisition or renovation of housing and car financing has been included as eligible, and other general-purpose 
financing has been excluded.
The KPIs established by the regulation for credit institutions provide a comprehensive breakdown of the bank’s exposures to activities 
covered (eligible) by the EU taxonomy, and additionally those that are not only eligible but also meet all necessary requirements to be 
considered sustainable (aligned).
Specific-purpose financing
The alignment with the EU taxonomy of financing provided for a known purpose or destination must be analyzed considering all the 
requirements established by the technical selection criteria mentioned earlier: (i) substantial contribution, (ii) do no significant harm 
(DNSH), and (iii) social safeguards.  
To determine that specific financing does not cause significant harm (DNSH), it must be demonstrated that it does not negatively 
affect other environmental objectives based on guidelines established by the regulation. For example, financing granted to a company 
contributing substantially to the mitigation of climate change must also ensure compliance with DNSH criteria for the remaining 
objectives. For instance, concerning the activity "electricity generation using photovoltaic solar technology", a key technology for the 
EU's renewable energy transition, under the DNSH criterion for the circular economy objective, the expectation is that the availability 
and, when feasible, the use of highly durable and recyclable components, as well as those that are easy to dismantle and restore, are 
evaluated, according to the taxonomy regulation. BBVA evaluates the substantial contribution of specific financing; however, the 
current level of maturity regarding the implementation and usability of the EU taxonomy in the banking industry makes it complex to 
establish a similar process to ensure compliance with DNSH and MSS principles. Therefore, part of the specific financing granted by 
BBVA, which makes a substantial contribution to an environmental objective, is not included in the alignment metrics. BBVA has 
identified specific financing with a substantial contribution in other specific products such as project financing or other products or 
activities included in the EU taxonomy that have not been included in the alignment metrics for the reasons described above.
Among the cases of financing with a specific purpose included in the Group's GAR are:
–
Financing for vehicles that comply with the criteria of the EU taxonomy on a substantial contribution to the climate change 
mitigation objective, provided that the vehicle manufacturers have published that they meet the DNSH and MSS criteria.
–
Loans granted to households for the purchase of high energy-efficient homes, considering properties that meet the criteria 
of substantial contribution to climate change mitigation. 
For buildings constructed before December 31, 2020, the property is within the top 15% of the national housing stock58 in 
terms of energy efficiency.
New building constructions for which: The primary energy demand, which defines the energy efficiency of the resulting 
building, is at least 10% lower than the threshold established for nearly zero-energy building (NZEB) requirements in 
national measures implementing European Parliament and Council Directive 2010/31/EU.
The energy performance is certified by a non-inferred Energy Performance Certificate (EPC), obtained from existing public 
records, provided by an independent certified appraisal company or other processes for obtaining information on the pre-
existing portfolio.
The taxonomy requires compliance with the "Do No Significant Harm" (DNSH) principle for other environmental objectives. 
In this regard, the Spanish Technical Building Code (CTE) acts as a set of rules regulating building construction in Spain 
since 2006, transposed from European laws, and sets basic requirements:
Consolidated Management Report Consolidated Non-financial Information Statement
106
This English version is a translation of the original in Spanish for information purposes only. In case of a discrepancy, the Spanish original will prevail.
57 The template of Annex VI of the Delegated Act of Article 8 Disclosure is the reference for GAR disclosures: i) Covered assets (GAR, off-balance sheet), ii) GAR: information by 
sector, iii) GAR KPI stock, iv) GAR KPI flow, v) Financial guarantees, assets, and management. The original EU taxonomy tables and the necessary notes with details on the 
perimeter and methodology can be found in the section "6.4 Tables related to Article 8 of the European Taxonomy" of this report.
58 The IDAE's “State of the Energy Certification of Buildings” report published in 2023 indicates that the number of cumulative registrations up to letter C at the national level 
accounts for less than 5% of the total number of certificates.

•
The proper application of the Basic Document HS “Health and Sanitation” which is related to the basic 
requirement of "Hygiene, Health, and Environmental Protection”.
•
The correct application of the Basic Document SI “Security in case of fire” which is related to the basic 
requirement reflects the building’s adaptation to contingencies related to physical risks.
•
The correct application of the Basic Document SE “Structural Safety” which is related to the protection against 
"dynamic forces produced by wind, a collision, or an earthquake, represented by equivalent static forces," i.e., 
against physical risks.
Regarding the minimum social safeguards (MSS), the correct application of DB SUA “Use Safety and Accessibility” covers 
part of the social safeguard by allowing access for people with reduced mobility. Although they would not be applicable in 
the case of the acquisition of residential property between two private individuals, since safeguards would be more relevant 
for companies engaged in real estate, construction, or development, we understand that social safeguards are included in 
Spanish and EU legislation.
Nature and objectives of economic activities aligned with the taxonomy and the 
evolution of these economic activities aligned with the taxonomy over time
The economic activities aligned with the environmental objectives of mitigation and adaptation to climate change of the EU taxonomy 
represent the total alignment of the Group's balance sheet, given that at year-end there is no public information available for the 
remaining environmental objectives that has been published by the counterparties. The alignment of the environmental objectives of 
climate change mitigation and adaptation can be measured for each of the various economic activities of the counterparties subject 
to disclosure requirements. 
Below is a summary of the key ratios related to the EU taxonomy as of the end of 2023 and 2024. Due to its length, the full information 
is included in section “Tables related to Article 8 of the European Taxonomy” of this report.
RATIOS (BBVA GROUP, PERCENTAGE %)
2023
2024
Turnover
CapEx
Turnover
CapEx
% exposure to eligible assets according to the taxonomy (1)
 28.65 %
 28.86 %
 26.03 %
 26.25 %
% exposure to taxonomy-eligible assets (GAR) (2)
 0.52 %
 0.80 %
 0.57 %
 0.84 %
(1) Climate change mitigation (CCM); Climate change adaptation (CCA); Water and marine resources (WTR); Circular economy (CE); Pollution (PPC); Biodiversity and 
ecosystems (BIO).
(2) Climate change mitigation (CCM); Climate change adaptation (CCA).
The 2024 alignment indicators show a slight improvement compared to 2023, mainly influenced by new mortgage production in 
Spain and, to a lesser extent, the modest contribution of the aligned amounts with financial institutions, which have published for the 
first time in 2024. On the other hand, the financing granted to non-financial counterparties subject to disclosure requirements under 
EU regulations remains, overall, at slightly lower levels than the previous year, as does its contribution to the indicators. Additionally, 
the evolution of these ratios also includes a component linked to the denominator, which is higher than in the previous period and 
reflects the development of activities excluded from the GAR calculation, particularly counterparties not subject to disclosure 
requirements and those outside the EU scope.
Consolidated key performance indicator (KPI) considering different business 
segments.
On November 8, 2024, the "Commission Communication on the interpretation of certain legal provisions of the delegated act on 
disclosure of information under Article 8 of the EU Taxonomy Regulation" was officially approved. This FAQ document aims to clarify 
the content of the delegated disclosure act to support its application. In question 7, it states that corporate groups with subsidiaries 
operating in different business segments related to asset management, banking, investment service companies, or insurance 
activities must report each of those activities at a consolidated level, considering the subsidiary entities performing each of the 
aforementioned activities, and providing the consolidated indicators described in the annex templates of Delegated Regulation 
2023/2486.
The information on the EU Taxonomy corresponding to different business segments, including information related to asset 
management entities and insurance companies with activity in the European Union, is included in section 6.4 of this report. Activities 
carried out by investment companies that are part of the Group and that could come from customers or counterparties subject to the 
taxonomy (Art. 19 bis and 29 bis of Directive 2013/34 or NFRD) are not representative.
On the other hand, according to the aforementioned Commission Communication, a global consolidated alignment indicator with the 
EU Taxonomy must be published. This indicator will be the weighted average of the indicators corresponding to each activity related 
to asset management, banking, investment service companies, or insurance activities, considering the proportion of each activity's 
turnover to the total consolidated turnover. Based on an approximation of the revenues contributed to the Group by the banking, 
insurance, and asset management activities for which alignment metrics have been calculated according to the EU Taxonomy, the 
consolidated alignment ratio for the Group is 0.58% and 0.85% when measured by turnover and CapEx of the counterparties, 
respectively.
Consolidated Management Report Consolidated Non-financial Information Statement
107
This English version is a translation of the original in Spanish for information purposes only. In case of a discrepancy, the Spanish original will prevail.

Transition activities included in the EU taxonomy (Nuclear and Gas)
Commission Delegated Regulation (EU) 2022/1214 of 9 March 2022 sets out the requirements for economic activities involving the 
generation of energy using natural gas and nuclear power plants to be included in the EU taxonomy, as they are considered transition 
activities. Nuclear energy, which is described as "low carbon" and "subject to strict environmental and safety conditions ensuring 
respect for the principle of not causing significant harm, can play a role in the transition to climate neutrality". Regarding the 
generation of electricity using natural gas, it is considered less polluting than other alternatives, such as coal. The activities included in 
the Delegated Act on Gas and Nuclear are:
–
Nuclear power:
•
Pre-commercial phases of advanced technologies to produce energy from nuclear processes with minimal fuel 
cycle waste.
•
Safe construction and operation of new nuclear power plants for the generation of electricity or heat, including 
hydrogen production, using the best available technologies.
•
Generating electricity from nuclear energy at existing facilities.
–
Energy from gaseous fossil fuels:
•
Electricity generation from gaseous fossil fuels.
•
High-efficiency cogeneration of heat/cooling and electricity from gaseous fossil fuels.
•
Production of heat/cold from gaseous fossil fuels in an efficient urban heating and cooling system.
The BBVA Group's exposure to gas and nuclear power generation activities of NFRD customers (subject to EU non-financial reporting 
rules) eligible under the EU Taxonomy amounts to 190 million euros in terms of turnover, of which 28 million euros are considered 
aligned. In terms of CapEx, 70 million euros are eligible and 22 million euros are aligned.
Incorporation of environmental objectives into the EU taxonomy
Commission Delegated Regulation (EU) 2023/2486 of 27 June 2023 completes the EU taxonomy by setting out the technical 
screening criteria for determining economic activities that contribute to environmental objectives not yet included in the taxonomy: i) 
the sustainable use and protection of water and marine resources, ii) the transition to a circular economy, iii) the prevention and 
control of pollution, iv) the protection and recovery of biodiversity and ecosystems, and establishes new requirements for the 
disclosure of specific public information on those economic activities. In fiscal year 2023, credit institutions must publish exposure to 
eligible economic activities included in the aforementioned delegated regulation. When an economic activity contributes substantially 
to multiple environmental objectives, it is assigned to the most significant environmental objective for calculation purposes (generally 
Climate Change Mitigation (CCM)) while avoiding double counting. The BBVA Group's exposure ratio to eligible activities included in 
the delegated regulation of the 4 environmental objectives recently covered in the taxonomy is 0.99% and the exposure to ineligible 
activities taking into account all environmental objectives published to date is 19.80%. To estimate eligibility, given that the delegated 
regulation has been recently published and there has not been time for NFRD customers to publish their degree of eligibility, the 
customer's economic activity information used for internal risk management and based on the Statistical Classification of Economic 
Activities of the European Community (NACE) has been used. 
Trading Portfolio
Global Markets is the area that manages BBVA's financial liabilities held for trading and is part of the CIB business area which, as 
already mentioned, has developed a Sustainable Products framework.
The financial liabilities held for trading is mainly responsible for two different activities. The first consists of promoting the availability 
of products for customers to manage their own risks or make their investments, and the second consists of managing the risks 
inherent to the financial liabilities held for trading.
The main activity taking into account some ESG factor comes from facilitating the issuance of bonds (DCM)59 with some ESG 
characteristics by customers. Demand for other types of financial liabilities held for trading products by customers to manage their 
own ESG risks has still proven to be limited and sporadic.
As for the management of risks inherent to the financial liabilities held for trading, this is carried out under a strict risk-reward angle, 
where ESG factors do not currently represent a key factor (unless market dynamics or profitability turn towards them).
Trading portfolio exposure amounts to 19% of total asset. In accordance with the maturities established by Regulation (EU) 
2020/852 and its delegated regulations, BBVA will disclose quantitative information on trading exposures that comply with the EU 
taxonomy, including the general composition, observed trends, objectives and policy for the first time at year-end 2025.
Consolidated Management Report Consolidated Non-financial Information Statement
108
This English version is a translation of the original in Spanish for information purposes only. In case of a discrepancy, the Spanish original will prevail.
59 Debt Capital Markets.

2.2 Natural capital
The global effort to combat climate change is insufficient if the challenge associated with natural capital is not 
simultaneously addressed. It is essential for companies’ decarbonization processes to also encompass their dependencies on and 
impacts to nature and biodiversity. 
The BBVA Group has identified potential business opportunities connected to natural capital, such as nature, agriculture, water, and 
the circular economy, as noted in the “Sustainability Strategy” chapter. While these are relevant, those related to climate change 
currently predominate.
With regard to risks, specialized methodologies and tools have been used, including ENCORE, which evaluated the dependence of 21 
key ecosystem services in different economic activities within the Group’s financing portfolio. This evaluation considered factors such 
as water availability and quality, biodiversity, and land use. As a result, sectors with high exposure to natural capital, related risks were 
identified, particularly those strongly dependent on ecosystems, indicating that natural capital is a relevant topic for the Group.
Concerning biodiversity and ecosystems, both the impact of corporate activities on them and their dependence on these natural 
resources have been assessed, along with associated physical and transition risks.
The identification and evaluation of dependencies, impacts, and risks were undertaken from a geographic perspective, taking into 
account regulations, changes in the state of nature, and the availability of ecosystem services, following the LEAP framework of the 
Taskforce on Nature-related Financial Disclosures (TNFD). Additionally, systemic risks were considered, those that may emerge from 
customers’ activities that significantly affect biodiversity.
Regarding the Group’s own operations, because it mainly conducts business in corporate or urban settings and does not engage in 
industrial activities that directly affect ecosystems or local communities, no specifically impacted groups were identified that would 
require consultation on these matters. The Group also has an Eco-Efficiency Plan that includes measures in this area. As for 
customer-related activities, within its Environmental and Social Framework, the Group, among other stipulations, prohibits financing 
new projects that endanger: UNESCO World Heritage Sites, wetlands listed under the Ramsar Convention, sites in the Alliance for 
Zero Extinction, and areas categorized as I–IV by the International Union for Conservation of Nature.
Finally, in order to comply with certain requirements of Law 11/2018, the description of the progress made with respect to the targets 
established in the Global Eco-efficiency Plan 2021-2025 related to water and paper consumption, the circular economy and 
sustainable construction is included in the section “Management of other direct environmental impacts”.
2.2.1 Identification and measurement of risks and opportunities 
associated with natural capital
As indicated, the natural capital challenge needs to be addressed at the same time as tackling climate change. To reflect this, 
companies’ transition plans need to reflect their dependencies and impacts on nature and biodiversity, including the just transition. 
Ensuring healthy ecosystems and combating climate change are intrinsically linked challenges. Global warming affects ecosystems 
directly, for example through their loss.
According to BBVA's General Sustainability Policy, Natural Capital comprises the Earth's natural assets (soil, air, water, flora and 
fauna), and the ecosystems resulting from them, which make human life possible.
Strategy
BBVA includes natural capital in its holistic vision of sustainability, covering the geographies where it operates. For more information 
on the strategy and objectives related to natural capital, please refer to the "Sustainability Strategy" chapter.
Policies and frameworks
The General Sustainability Policy expressly includes the protection of natural capital as one of its areas of action. Specifically, BBVA 
recognizes the need to protect ecosystem services and natural assets, as well as species and natural ecological processes, and 
considers biodiversity and natural capital in its relationship with its customers. For more information on the governance model and 
applicable policies, see chapter “Sustainability governance model.”
Consolidated Management Report Consolidated Non-financial Information Statement
109
This English version is a translation of the original in Spanish for information purposes only. In case of a discrepancy, the Spanish original will prevail.

The Environmental and Social Framework specifically sets out a number of general prohibited activities in relation to biodiversity loss 
and the fight against deforestation:
–
New projects that put at risk UNESCO World Heritage sites, Ramsar wetlands, Partnership for Zero Extinction sites, and 
International Union for Conservation of Nature Category I-IV areas.
–
New projects that involve resettlement or violation of the rights of indigenous or vulnerable groups without their free, prior 
and informed consent.
In addition to these general restrictions, specific prohibitions have been put in place for new projects in the agro-industrial sector 
related to the protection of ecosystems. These include, among others, restrictions on new projects that involve the burning of natural 
ecosystems for the purpose of clearing land for agricultural or livestock development, the removal of high conservation value and high 
carbon forests, as well as on palm oil farms that are not certified by the Roundtable for Sustainable Palm Oil (RSPO) or are not in the 
process of certification. New palm oil farm projects in swamps and peat-rich areas are also excluded.
In December 2024, a review of the Environmental and Social Framework was conducted to assess its effectiveness and update it 
based on best practices, the evolution of international standards, and the expectations of our stakeholders.
As part of its project management, BBVA applies the Equator Principles (EP), which require an adequate assessment and mitigation 
of biodiversity risks in the projects it finances under the scope of the EP. Additionally, the Equator Principles were updated in 2020, 
strengthening their focus on biodiversity. It should be noted that for projects with impacts on critical habitats, BBVA, as part of the 
implementation of the EP, requires the implementation of biodiversity management plans aligned, when applicable, with the IFC 
(International Finance Corporation) Performance Standards, which require identifying and quantifying impacts on biodiversity, critical 
habitats and natural resources.
Risk management
Natural capital risks are those arising from actions to protect natural capital (transition risks) and the loss of ecosystem services that 
serve as inputs or facilitate economic activities (physical risks). These are a source of economic risks due to the dependencies and 
impacts of economic activities on/from natural capital.
Customer activity may affect natural capital (impacts) while the loss of natural capital may generate risks for the operations and 
business model of BBVA customers (dependencies).
–
Customers with a high ecosystem impact face a higher level of transition risk due to regulatory and policy changes, 
substitution of more efficient and less polluting technologies, changes in consumer demand and market changes.
–
Customers with a high dependence on natural capital may face greater physical risks generated by the deterioration of 
ecosystems, such as the reduction in available water resources or the loss of the ability to protect against adverse climatic 
phenomena.
During 2024, BBVA has developed an internal taxonomy of natural capital risks based on the heat map of impacts and dependencies 
carried out in 2023. To carry out this exercise of identifying impacts and dependencies, the methodology of the ENCORE tool 
(Exploring Natural Capital Opportunities, Risks and Exposure) developed by the Natural Capital Finance Alliance was predominantly 
used, which is also consistent with aspects contained in other reference tools such as the SBTN Materiality Screening Tool, developed 
by the Science Based Target Network (SBTN). The ENCORE tool provides a comprehensive assessment of the 21 ecosystem services 
on which each of the 167 economic activities depend for their production processes and an assessment of the 7 impact drivers, 
assigning a level of dependency and impact (Very High, High, Medium, Low) for each of them. This analysis includes aspects related 
to the availability and quality of water, biodiversity and land use, as well as the contamination of ecosystems and waste generation.
As a result, by combining the levels of impact and dependency, an exposure level (Very High, High, Medium, Low) is assigned to each 
sector in relation to natural capital risk. Activities deemed sensitive to natural capital risk amount to an EAD (Exposure at Default) of 
71,786 billion, representing 34% of the wholesale portfolio. The details of the activities considered are included in the table "Risk level 
of economic activities" in the section "Management of risks associated with climate change."
Consolidated Management Report Consolidated Non-financial Information Statement
110
This English version is a translation of the original in Spanish for information purposes only. In case of a discrepancy, the Spanish original will prevail.

The circles included in the chart represent BBVA's exposure at the sub-sector level as a percentage of total EAD, excluding exposure 
to sectors outside the scope of this exercise, such as financial entities and institutions:
NATURAL CAPITAL - HEAT MAP OF IMPACTS AND DEPENDENCIES
Additionally, efforts have been made to complement the previously explained sectoral approach with a geographical perspective to 
capture the relationship between customers' activities and nature in the main geographies where BBVA operates. This follows the 
initial steps of the LEAP approach from the TNFD. This international standard recommends identifying and assessing dependencies 
and impacts by considering regulations, changes in the state of nature, and the availability of ecosystem services.
BBVA follows the LEAP approach by incorporating the following elements in the identification of natural capital risks. Firstly, an 
analysis of regulations on biodiversity, water management, and waste and pollution management in the key geographies where BBVA 
operates, to capture the transition risks arising from natural capital. Additionally, physical natural capital risk scores from public 
sources such as Aqueduct Water Stress or Ecoregion Intactness Index, among others, are considered, which provide an overview of 
risk at a geographical level.
In conclusion, taxonomies allow for the establishment of a transition and physical climate risk level, as well as a natural capital risk 
level for economic activities. The measuring of other environmental risks (natural capital) as a source of credit risk in the annual Risk 
assessment has been incorporated as a new feature in 2024.
For more information, see the section "Management of risks associated with climate change".
Opportunities
In line with the strategic priority of "promoting new business through sustainability" since 2023, work has been carried out to identify 
new business opportunities in sustainability based on analysis of:
–
Disruptions (Regulation, technology, consumer habits, new players and impact on the value chain)
–
Climate and physical Transition risks by sector 
–
Turnover
From this analysis, investments in water and the circular economy have emerged as key trends for sustainable business in the coming 
years. The opportunity in water has been prioritized due to the alignment made with natural capital risks in the development of the 
heat map of impacts and capital dependencies (2023) with the ENCORE tool (Exploring Natural Capital Opportunities, Risks and 
Exposure) developed by the Natural Capital Finance Alliance. The investment needs in water infrastructure in countries with the 
highest water risk (Aqueduct Capital Risk Atlas) and in key sectors such as agriculture and the manufacturing industry have been key 
to prioritizing water as a business opportunity.
In 2024, BBVA continued to drive this and other opportunities, based on the development of its natural capital taxonomy, aligned with 
physical risk in key sectors and based on four dimensions of natural capital: water, soil, biodiversity, waste, and pollution. 
Consolidated Management Report Consolidated Non-financial Information Statement
111
This English version is a translation of the original in Spanish for information purposes only. In case of a discrepancy, the Spanish original will prevail.

It is important to note that the promotion of business opportunities in the four dimensions of natural capital has so far only led to a 
greater commercial focus, partnerships, and further development of specific products in activities that were already part of the 
climate action channel.
In 2024, BBVA continued to participate in the UNEP FI working group to explore the nexus between the circular economy, nature, 
pollution, and inclusive growth. 
Furthermore, BBVA is active in international organizations in the context of natural capital protection. In this regard, as a member of 
the Taskforce on Nature-related Financial Disclosures (TNFD) since 2022, BBVA follows the publication of various versions of the 
framework for managing and disclosing nature-related risks and opportunities, as well as the guides published. Since 2023, BBVA has 
been part of the UNEP FI Biodiversity Community, designed as a capacity-building program for banks embarking on their journey 
towards biodiversity.
As a new development in 2024, BBVA actively participated in the United Nations Biodiversity Conference 2024 (COP16) in Cali, 
Colombia, sharing its experience with the issuance of a blue bond and a biodiversity bond in collaboration with the IFC, which are 
detailed further below in this section.
The following progress in the opportunities in each of the dimensions of natural capital has been made:
Water
In 2024, globally, solutions continued to be provided to corporate and enterprise customers on water-related issues inspired by the 
Water Footprint Loan (the first syndicated credit line linked to indicators related to the reduction of the water footprint launched in 
2022). 
Likewise, in 2024, BBVA Mexico launched a sustainability challenge focused on the “Preservation, use and sanitation of water.” The 
objective of this initiative is to develop scientific and technological research projects, as well as to promote ventures dedicated to the 
preservation, use and sanitation of water in this country by solving water challenges with a focus on high social impact.
As part of broader efforts to expand its Blue Economy products, BBVA launched several initiatives in 2024:
–
In Spain, in collaboration with Veolia, to promote the voluntary measurement and management of water footprint of 
customers in sectors with the greatest impact on water, thus promoting the financing of efficiency measures and the 
implementation of compensation or recovery projects with nature-based solutions to be water positive. 
–
At BBVA Colombia, a second issue of the blue bond launched in 2023 was carried out for water management, the reduction 
of plastic pollution in the oceans and the restoration of the marine ecosystem.
–
At BBVA Mexico, acting as book runner, in association with Desarrollos Hidráulicos de Cancún (DHC), it issued its first blue 
bond focused on improving hydraulic infrastructure and providing drinking water to local communities.  
Finally, at the level of direct impact, in 2024, BBVA began measuring the group's water footprint at a global level and the first analysis 
of water recovery projects in areas of high water stress in Spain.  
Biodiversity and Soil
In 2024, BBVA Colombia and the International Finance Corporation (IFC) will issue a biodiversity bond, of which BBVA Colombia 
issued up to a total of 70 million dollars. The resources will be used, among others, to finance projects focused on reforestation, 
regeneration of natural forests on degraded lands, conservation or rehabilitation of mangroves, climate-smart agriculture, and 
restoration of habitats for wildlife.
In parallel, and given the link between agriculture and the use of water and soil, in 2024, the development of internal tools has been 
promoted to evaluate the transition of agricultural customers in Mexico and Latin America. The financing of efficient and precision 
irrigation solutions was, as well as practices that favor the reduction of emissions and regenerative agriculture.
Waste and pollution
At the waste level, in 2024, a line of work has been started in Spain around the circular economy. Among the lines of work, the 
opportunity to promote leasing plans (that include maintenance) solutions stands out. Moreover, investment needs have been 
identified in the entire value chain of waste management of extended producer responsibility systems, mainly in the packaging 
sectors (in particular to address regulatory changes towards a circular and plastic-free economy).
In 2024, it is notable that CIB, in coordination with a peer, acted as an agent in the structuring of the Sustainable Finance Framework 
for the issuance of a 600 million euros bond by a major Spanish company specialized in citizen services. This bond aims to finance 
investments in environmental activities, including pollution prevention and control, clean transportation, and the circular economy.
Consolidated Management Report Consolidated Non-financial Information Statement
112
This English version is a translation of the original in Spanish for information purposes only. In case of a discrepancy, the Spanish original will prevail.

2.2.2 Management of other direct environmental impacts
Within the framework of the Global Eco-efficiency Plan (see section “Energy consumption and carbon footprint of BBVA Group” in the 
previous chapter, “Climate change”), in addition to the objectives related to the reduction of CO2 emissions and energy and electricity 
consumption, BBVA established objectives related to water and paper consumption, the circular economy and sustainable 
construction.
Water and paper consumption
In order to reduce BBVA's environmental footprint, the following lines of action have been promoted:
–
Initiatives to reduce water consumption, such as gray water recycling systems and reuse of rainwater for irrigation at the 
headquarters in Spain and Mexico or the installation of dry urinals in some of the buildings in Spain.
–
Digitization and centralization of printing measures to reduce paper consumption, which is additionally recycled or 
environmentally certified in most geographical areas (Spain, Mexico, Turkey, Peru, Colombia, Argentina and Portugal) by 
67% in 202460.
CONSUMPTION (BBVA GROUP) (1)
2024 (1)
2023 (2)
∆ 24-23
Total water consumption (cubic meters)
1,517,371
1,485,268
 2 %
Public water supply (cubic meters)
1,448,837
1,422,750
 2 %
Recycled water (cubic meters)
68,534
62,518
 10 %
Paper (tons) (3)
3,555
2,909
 22 %
(1) The data shown for the year 2024 include the countries Spain, Mexico, Turkey, Peru, Colombia, Argentina, Uruguay, Portugal and, for the first time in 2024, Venezuela, 
Romania and the Netherlands. Certain geographical areas (Chile, Bolivia, Switzerland, the United States, Brazil and BBVA branches outside Spain) and certain BBVA Group 
companies are not included in the perimeter. The perimeter not included in this measurement (geographical areas and/or subsidiaries in the countries mentioned) represents 
2.6% of the BBVA Group's total number of employees. For the year 2024, estimates are used for those data that are not available at the closing date of this report.
(2) The data for 2023 differ from those published in the previous Consolidated Non-Financial Information Statement because the estimates included at the end of the 2023 
financial year have been replaced by the actual consumption available after the publication of said report. Likewise, data on the geography of Venezuela, not included in the 
previous report, are included for 2023.
(3) In 2024 there was an increase in paper consumption due to an expansion in the measurement perimeter of the data from Turkey and the increase in marketing campaigns in 
the geography of Spain.
Circular Economy
BBVA is working to reduce the impact from waste generation through sustainable construction standards or by implementing 
Environmental Management Systems certified with ISO 14001 and additionally by implementing the Zero Waste certification from 
Aenor in Ciudad BBVA, BBVA's headquarters in Spain, and the Opplus building in Malaga. The goal is to reduce to a minimum the 
waste that is sent to landfills, so the Group's facilities have clearly differentiated and marked areas that allow for proper segregation 
and subsequent recycling of waste.
WASTE (CIRCULAR ECONOMY) (BBVA GROUP) (1)
2024 (2)
2023 (3)
∆ 24-23
Hazardous waste (tons)
273
274
 (1) %
Recycled hazardous waste (tons)
117
136
 (14) %
Disposed hazardous waste (tons)
155
138
 13 %
Non-hazardous waste (tons)
3,449
2,409
 43 %
Non-hazardous waste (%)
1,454
1,076
 35 %
Disposed non-hazardous waste (tons)
1,995
1,333
 50 %
(1) In 2024, there will be an increase in the volume of non-hazardous waste generated due to a change in perimeter with respect to the 2023 data (the geographies of Romania 
and the Netherlands are included) and the development of specific projects (opening of new canteens in Mexico and collection of non-reusable furniture in Colombia) that affect 
the fraction of organic waste and non-hazardous waste respectively.
(2) The figures for 2024 include Spain, Mexico, Turkey, Peru, Colombia, Argentina, Uruguay, Portugal and, for the first time in 2024, Venezuela, Romania and the Netherlands. 
Certain geographical areas (Chile, Bolivia, Switzerland, the United States, Brazil and BBVA branches outside Spain) and certain BBVA Group companies are not included in the 
perimeter. The perimeter not included in this measurement (geographical areas and/or subsidiaries in the countries mentioned) represents 2.6% of the BBVA Group's total 
number of employees. For the year 2024, estimates are used for those data that are not available at the closing date of this report.
(3) The data for 2023 differ from those published in the previous Consolidated Non-Financial Information Statement because the estimates included at the end of the 2023 
financial year have been replaced by the actual consumption available after the publication of said report.
Consolidated Management Report Consolidated Non-financial Information Statement
113
This English version is a translation of the original in Spanish for information purposes only. In case of a discrepancy, the Spanish original will prevail.
60The decrease compared to the data published in 2023 (-6 p.p.) is due to the incorporation into the perimeter of the geographies of Venezuela, Romania and the Netherlands, 
which currently do not have certified paper.

Sustainable Construction
Another objective is to ensure the implementation of the best environmental and energy standards in BBVA buildings, which is why it 
is intended to achieve a large percentage of environmentally certified surface areas. In this regard, BBVA facilities have various 
construction and management certifications.
Among the building certifications, there are 19 buildings and 11 branches of the Group with the prestigious LEED (Leadership in 
Energy and Environmental Design) standard for sustainable construction. Among these buildings are the main headquarters of the 
Group in Spain, Mexico, Turkey and Argentina. In addition, three of them have received the highest certification category, LEED 
Platinum. Additionally, there are 7 WWF Green Office distinctions in Turkey and 40 Edge in Peru, certifications that promote the 
reduction of the ecological footprint and carbon emissions.
In terms of management certifications, BBVA has implemented an Environmental Management System based on the ISO 14.001:2015 
Standard in different buildings, which is certified every year by an independent entity. This certification controls and evaluates the 
environmental performance of the operations of some of its buildings. This system is implemented in 112 buildings and 1,051 branches 
in the main countries where the Group operates. Lastly, BBVA has managed to certify 36 buildings and 1,926 branches with an Energy 
Management System also certified by an independent third party and which meets the ISO 50.001:2018 standard.
Given the activities in which the Group is engaged, it has no liabilities, expenses, assets, provisions or contingencies of an 
environmental nature that could be significant in relation to its equity, financial position and results. For this reason, as of December 
31, 2024, the consolidated annual accounts did not contain any line that must be included in the environmental information document 
provided for in Order JUS/616/2022, of June 30, approving the new model for filing in the Commercial Registry the consolidated 
annual accounts of those subjects required to publish them.
Consolidated Management Report Consolidated Non-financial Information Statement
114
This English version is a translation of the original in Spanish for information purposes only. In case of a discrepancy, the Spanish original will prevail.

3. Social information
3.1 Own workforce
3.1.1 Culture and values
3.1.2 Quality employment and competitive remuneration
3.1.3 Equal opportunities
3.1.4 Labor rights
3.1.5 Occupational health and safety
3.1.6 Workforce characteristics
3.2 Consumers and end users
3.2.1 Customer experience
3.2.2 Accessibility to services and products
3.2.3 Raising awareness on sustainability issues
3.2.4 Transparency in information provided to customers about products and services
3.2.5 Responsible use of data
3.2.6 Cybersecurity
3.2.7 Complaints channel
3.3 Contribution to society
3.3.1 Contribution to the community
3.3.2 Other contributions to society
3.3.3 Volunteer work
Through its Purpose, values and strategic priorities, BBVA seeks to have a positive impact on the lives of people, businesses 
and society as a whole. Financial institutions play a key role in the economy, essential to ensure the functioning of the rest of the 
system. This is where BBVA's origin and main mission lies: to act as a driving force of activity by providing credit to the real economy, 
businesses and families, financing long-term structural challenges (decarbonization, innovation, digitalization) to contribute to the 
economic growth of society. In addition to its main financing activity, BBVA supports the economic and social development of the 
communities where it is present through the following lines of action:
–
Generate a quality employment for its more than 125,000 employees in all the geographies in which it operates.
–
Helping customers improve their financial health and, ultimately, meet their life goals, as well as their transition to 
sustainability. To respond to the needs of its customers, while maintaining supervisor conduct, BBVA has developed a 
differential value proposition thanks to innovation and new technologies.
–
Supporting society in general and the most vulnerable groups in particular through the social action of its banks and 
foundations, as reflected in its 2025 Community Investment Goal to support inclusive growth.
Consolidated Management Report Consolidated Non-financial Information Statement
115
This English version is a translation of the original in Spanish for information purposes only. In case of a discrepancy, the Spanish original will prevail.

3.1 Own workforce
Value proposition
BBVA has one Purpose: “To bring the age of opportunity to everyone”. A Purpose that seeks to help all stakeholders, customers, 
shareholders and also its employees, to meet their life goals. The aim as an organization is to have the best and most engaged team, 
which is one of BBVA’s six strategic priorities (see “BBVA Group Strategy”). Therefore, BBVA must be able to attract, motivate, train 
and retain the best talent, aligned with the Group’s values.
BBVA's people management strategy is based on three strategic principles:
The comprehensive management of these three principles had a positive impact on the Group's employees engagement in 2024, as 
shown by the results of the 2024 Gallup survey, where BBVA obtained a score of 4.46 (+0.03 compared to 2023), ranking in the 78th 
percentile in relation to all companies participating in the survey (+2% compared to 2023), consolidating its position among the top 
25% companies.
In 2024, BBVA has continued to promote employee initiatives that have enabled progress in different areas of people management, 
aligned with the three strategic principles.
A culture and values of inspiration and connection:
–
In October 2024 BBVA celebrated the seventh edition of Values Day under the slogan “Know, Understand and Connect”, 
the day focused on BBVA’s first value, “The Customer comes first”, and on the core behavior “We are empathetic”. More 
than 82,000 unique users participated in some of the activities available via the application.
–
In 2024 BBVA launched a global volunteering plan in which 13,500 employees from across the Group took part, as 
detailed in the “Volunteer work” section included in the chapter “Contribution to society”. Similarly, and showing the same 
solidarity that BBVA has always displayed with society, a voluntary initiative was launched during the year so that 
employees and non-employees alike make donations for those affected by the flash floods that devastated the Valencian 
Community in October.
A winning team in our businesses:
–
In February 2024, the more than 18,000 managers across the Group underwent a specific assessment of their capabilities 
as well as an NPS assessment done by their teams, showing that 68%61 of the managers have a score equal to or greater 
than 75, out of a maximum of 100. This information has served as a starting point for the definition of personalized 
development plans.
–
In 2024, a new model for talent acquisition and mobility was implemented globally, which will allow to attract the best talent 
on the market and mobilize talent internally at BBVA, improving the experience of all stakeholders (candidates, managers) 
and reducing management times.
Consolidated Management Report Consolidated Non-financial Information Statement
116
This English version is a translation of the original in Spanish for information purposes only. In case of a discrepancy, the Spanish original will prevail.
61 Data without Turkey.

–
BBVA continues to promote the training and recruitment of profiles with key capabilities. In 2024, the Group had trained 
more than 2,60062 employees in Generative AI and more than 35,000 employees of the business areas with 
sustainability skills to support customers in the transition of their businesses.
–
In addition, BBVA has reorganized its global customer area into the corporate and retail segments, as a key element in the 
transformation of customer service and experience at BBVA.
The best environment for our talent:
–
Women account for 35.4% of BBVA’s management team, exceeding the target of 35% set in 2022, and which had been 
increased to 36.8% in 2026.
–
In Spain, a model for managing pensions plans based on the employee's life cycle was implemented to promote 
financial well-being. In relation to physical well-being, in Mexico, in addition to traditional medical examinations, a 
comprehensive health program has been carried, involving around 12,000 employees in a survey that assessed their 
eating habits, sleep quality, mental health and smoking.
Communication channels
The BBVA Group provides its employees with various channels for communicating and interacting with the Talent & Culture area:
–
First, employees have access to the Employee Support Service (SAE) which is up and running at the main banks and 
companies in the countries in which the Group operates (Spain, Mexico, Turkey, Argentina, Colombia and Peru), and which 
responds to operational, administrative and management queries. The service is run by the Group's own staff and 
supported by a market-based technological solution that tracks the status of each query received (Turkey has a specific 
tool developed internally for its employees with similar functionalities).
–
Second, employees have access to the Talent & Culture Advisor Channel, which complements the SAE service by 
responding to employee queries with advice on their professional development. This service is supported by the same 
technological solutions as the SAE and currently covers the same group of employees (Mexico is in the process of 
implementing it for the entire workforce; it is currently available for the managers segment).
Both channels have service quality metrics, which are evaluated by the employee (surveys, NPS), and are available 24 hours online 
through direct access from the bank's Intranet.
The other geographies and companies, which are smaller in size, have channels for consultation, interaction and monitoring, which 
are heterogeneous and decentralized, and which respond to the needs of their employees.
In addition to the above, where the employee believes that there has been behavior that is incompatible with the principles and values 
set out in the BBVA Code of Conduct, or that breaches internal regulations or applicable legislation, the Group provides the 
Whistleblowing Channel, which allows such behavior to be reported confidentially and anonymously. More information on the 
Whistleblowing Channel and how it works is provided in the Compliance section (section “Whistleblowing Channel” within the 
“Business Conduct” chapter).
Impacts on employees
As a result of the double materiality analysis (see chapter “Double materiality analysis”), three impacts of BBVA on its employees 
have been identified:
1.
The adoption by employees of a robust corporate culture and values of inspiration and connection that ensure the 
achievement of the Purpose.
2.
Generation of greater employee satisfaction and productivity, providing to the business a winning team, through a quality 
employment and a competitive remuneration.
3.
Provide the best environment for your talent, with special emphasis on promoting and supporting equal opportunities 
among employees.
For all of these positive impacts, BBVA has policies, actions and objectives that are detailed below in their respective sections of the 
document, with specific teams tasked with achieving them.
BBVA also develops employee management plans that help to ensure a better work environment and that consist of guaranteeing 
compliance with employees' labor rights, expanding perks and benefits, and positively contributing to employee well-being through 
improvements in their safety, health and physical integrity.
The Talent & Culture area has established two strategic objectives that allow BBVA to measure the degree of implementation of the 
policies and the scope of the actions developed for employees:
–
Employee commitment to BBVA. All the impacts identified on employees have an impact on their commitment to the 
Group. BBVA measures the level of employee engagement on an annual basis by surveys conducted by the external 
company Gallup, which has a standardized methodology that has been tested over the years. The core questions of this 
survey are repeated in all the participating companies, which belong to different sectors and countries, providing a broad 
database to allow for a reliable comparison.
Consolidated Management Report Consolidated Non-financial Information Statement
117
This English version is a translation of the original in Spanish for information purposes only. In case of a discrepancy, the Spanish original will prevail.
62 Data without Turkey.

BBVA's Global Head of Talent & Culture set the target for 2024 to maintain employee commitment in the top quartile of 
Gallup's customer base, i.e. between the 75th and 100th percentile, which implies an above-average level of employee 
engagement that only one in four companies participating in the process achieve.
–
The percentage of women who form part of the Group's management team, as it is a representative indicator of equal 
opportunities in terms of gender diversity. The measurement and methodology are detailed in the section "Equal 
opportunities".
Workforce
Note 1: Data as of December 31, 2024.
Note 2: The number of employees is established based on location criteria.
As of December 31, 2024, the Group had 125,916 employees located in more than 25 countries, representing an increase of 3.6% over 
the year. The growth in the workforce is mainly due to the hiring of profiles associated with the Group's transformation, especially in 
the strategic areas of Engineering and Client Solutions, as well as hiring in the CIB teams and in the sales networks in geographies 
such as Mexico, to support customer and business growth. 
The official workforce is defined as the active employees regardless of the working hours of all the companies under the consolidation 
perimeter63. Any disclosure contained in this chapter refers to this number of employees unless specifically indicated otherwise. This 
list does not include information on Non-Employees as defined by the ESRS, since their number is not significant.
More information on the composition of the workforce can be found in the “Workforce characteristics” section.
Consolidated Management Report Consolidated Non-financial Information Statement
118
This English version is a translation of the original in Spanish for information purposes only. In case of a discrepancy, the Spanish original will prevail.
63 From this scope, three subsidiaries in Argentine that together account for less than 0.1% of the total number of employees (Volkswagen Financial Services Compañía Financiera 
SA and PSA Finance Argentina Compañía Financiera SA) are excluded.

3.1.1
Culture and values
BBVA's values and behaviors guide employees in their day-to-day decision-making and help them achieve the Group's Purpose of “To 
bring the age of opportunity to everyone.” Values and behaviors are the hallmark of everyone who works in the Group and define 
BBVA's actions.
BBVA's values are integrated into the key models and levers that promote the Group's transformation. They are also embedded in 
global people management processes, from the selection of new employees to incentives for meeting annual objectives, including 
processes for assigning roles, evaluation, people development and training.
Culture guide and actions
In 2024, the Corporate Culture Guide was formalized, establishing the framework for fostering and consolidating a robust corporate 
culture in all areas and geographies, thereby promoting an ethical work environment aligned with BBVA's values. The Guide is based 
on BBVA's internal Code of Conduct, which sets out the behavioral guidelines to align employee conduct with the Group's values. The 
Guide is available to all employees on the internal Culture and Commitment portal, in Spanish and English, and applies to most BBVA 
Group entities64, which represent 96.4% of the workforce.
This Guide describes the standards, roles, responsibilities and governance mechanisms needed to foster and consolidate a robust 
organizational culture in all areas and geographies of BBVA. It also ensures the achievement of the Purpose and has a positive impact 
on the level of employee commitment to BBVA, a strategic objective of the Talent & Culture area, which is measured annually through 
the Gallup survey.
BBVA's Global Head of Culture & Engagement, who reports to the Global Head of Talent & Culture, is responsible for creating a robust 
culture and values that ensure the achievement of the Purpose and for implementing and monitoring this Guide. The global culture 
team, together with its local counterparts in each geography, is responsible for defining the strategic framework and culture initiatives 
at BBVA and updating the Guide when necessary. The most relevant initiatives, as well as the results of the engagement survey, are 
shared with the Group's senior management.
BBVA's culture team involves employees in defining and monitoring new initiatives, both in design (through customer-focused 
methodologies, "Design Thinking") and testing, as well as in continuous improvement following implementation. Each initiative 
establishes the way in which this involvement is carried out, through workshops, individual interviews or ad-hoc surveys. In parallel, 
metrics or KPIs for monitoring are defined for each initiative.
BBVA conducts an annual employee engagement survey, managed externally by Gallup and led by the Global Head of Culture & 
Engagement. Following the survey, the results are communicated to the managers, who organize a meeting with their team to review 
the results and identify strengths and areas for improvement. They then define the team's action plan, which is recorded in the 
internal tools. In 2024, 88% of managers who were given a report, recorded the corresponding action plans.  
This annual, global survey assesses the 12 engagement attributes of the Gallup methodology (highlighting the organization's mission 
or Purpose) and additional questions customized by BBVA regarding the Group's Values, diversity and well-being. In 2024, the 
“Values Index” (the result of the average of the 3 questions on the Group's Values) scored 4.66 out of 5, which represents an increase 
of +0.02 compared to the previous year.  
Based on the survey results , action plans are defined and implemented at three levels: 1) global actions for BBVA, 2) local actions for 
each area and geography, and 3) actions for each team. This allows the BBVA team to be involved in generating a robust culture and 
Values that ensure the achievement of the Purpose. The survey itself includes three questions to assess whether these team results 
reviews were carried out in previous years and to evaluate the effectiveness of the action plans.
Consolidated Management Report Consolidated Non-financial Information Statement
119
This English version is a translation of the original in Spanish for information purposes only. In case of a discrepancy, the Spanish original will prevail.
64Applicable to all group companies except: AFP Previsión and Provivienda in Bolivia, Comercializadora and Movistar Consumer Finance Colombia SAS in Colombia, BBVA 
Servicios SAU, OPPLUS Operaciones y Servicios, SA, Madiva Soluciones SL, Bilbao Vizcaya Investments SAU, European Securitization, Management and Administration of RE 
and DCN in Spain, Adquira Mëxico SA de CV, Openpay SAPI de CV in Mexico, OPPLUS Lima, Openpay Perú SA, Peruvian Financing Company SAC in Peru, Anidaport Invest. 
Inmobiliarios in Portugal, Emprendimientos de Valor SA and BBVA Distribuidora de Seguro, in Uruguay.

At an individual level, development and growth in BBVA Values are also encouraged. This is done with the results of the annual 
performance evaluation process, which includes the Values as skills, and after which an action plan is defined in those skills where the 
employee falls short of the level required for their role. Annual recognitions are also granted to those employees who embody BBVA’s 
Values (such as the “ViVa Awards” or “Living our Values”), both locally and globally.
Values Day is one of the key initiatives in promoting the Group’s culture. On this day, the entire BBVA65 team celebrates the Group’s 
values, each year with a different cultural transformation objective. In 2024, in its seventh edition, an exercise in empathy was 
carried out with the aim of connecting in a more human and empathetic way with colleagues and customers. To do so, a model was 
defined that classified people into four different ways of being. The BBVA team was able to get to know each other better through 
digital activities in which they discovered which way of being was most similar to them and found advice on understanding people with 
other ways of being in order to better connect with them. More than 65,000 employees took the personality test, with a very 
positive rating (68% of employees gave it the maximum rating of five).
As part of this culture of feedback and recognition, BBVA launched the OrgullososdeRed@BBVA initiative in 2024, which had a great 
impact among employees. Held annually, it consists of a photography contest between the retail banking and corporate banking 
teams with the aim of showing the rest of the organization how they live the BBVA Values on a daily basis, putting the customer first, 
being a single team or thinking big. More than 2,600 photographs were received, of which eight were selected locally in each 
geography for the next phase of global voting, carried out on the culture and commitment portal, which was visited by more than 
29,000 employees, with more than 35,000 likes.
BBVA continues to promote a corporate culture of social and environmental commitment to help customers in the transition to a 
sustainable future, with a focus on climate change and inclusive and sustainable social development . Within this program, among 
other actions, employees are given access to volunteering actions. For more information, see chapter “Contribution to society”.
As part of BBVA's support for society, which has been repeatedly demonstrated over the past few years in the face of natural 
disasters that have affected the Group geographies (for example, the earthquake in Turkey in 2022 or Hurricane Otis in Mexico in 
2023), it has once again been represented in the voluntary initiative launched by BBVA so that employees and non-employees can 
participate with donations for those affected by the DANA that devastated the Valencian Community in October of this year. For more 
information on volunteering actions , see the section “Volunteer work” within the “Contribution to society” chapter.
Strategic objectives
In 2024, the Group carried out its eighth listening process (Gallup survey), with 95% of the workforce (with more than 6 months of 
tenure) taking part. BBVA had an outstanding result in terms of its employees' commitment to BBVA, with the global index results 
standing at 4.46 (on a scale of 5), up 0.03 on 2023, and climbing within the top quartile of the Gallup customer base to the 78th 
percentile, improving compared to the 76th percentile in 2023.
These results are the product, among other factors, of the work of all the teams that draw up the action plans, with almost 86% of 
teams having specific plans this year. The main indicators of commitment are as follows:
ENGAGEMENT INDICATORS
2024
2023
Employee Engagement Index: GrandMean (scale 5) (1)
4.46
4.43
BBVA's engagement percentile compared to total companies
78
76
Employee satisfaction index (scale 5)
4.55
4.52
Engagement ratio (number of employees engaged versus number not engaged)
16.89
16.56
(1) By age ranges, the results of this year's commitment index were: 4.49 points out of 5 for employees under 25 years of age; 4.42 points for employees aged 25 to 34; 4.45 
points for employees aged 35 to 44; 4.50 points for employees aged 45 to 54; and 4.50 for employees over 55 years of age. By gender, the results were similar for men (4.48) 
and women (4.44).
Consolidated Management Report Consolidated Non-financial Information Statement
120
This English version is a translation of the original in Spanish for information purposes only. In case of a discrepancy, the Spanish original will prevail.
65 The workforce of all banks and most companies participate in this activity. 19 companies, accounting for less than 4% of employees, do not participate in the activity.

3.1.2
Quality employment and competitive remuneration
Quality employment
Attracting talent
BBVA seeks to offer a unique value proposition through a common brand as a global and digital entity. The Group has clear policies at 
a global level that strengthen transparency, trust and flexibility for all stakeholders in the process. Innovation and technology are the 
fundamental levers of BBVA's transformation.
In 2024, BBVA evolved its global model for attracting talent and internal mobility, redefining its organizational, operational and 
process model to boost proactive candidate searches and expand its presence in strategic niches in technology and investment 
banking. In addition, the technological transformation carried out enabled selection teams to be equipped with cutting-edge tools, 
promoting an analytical and personalized approach that places the candidate experience at the center of each process.
This progress was complemented by new capabilities in attraction and branding, designed to strengthen BBVA's global positioning as 
a benchmark employer. These initiatives improve the connection with the most dynamic and competitive markets, as well as 
reinforcing BBVA's proposition as a place where talent finds the best environment to give its best. In this way, BBVA aims to position 
itself at the forefront of talent acquisition and in building a more innovative and sustainable future.
Professional development
BBVA offers its employees quality employment that materializes in different areas.
One of them is professional development, in which the Group has a corporate model of professional development that provides 
employees with autonomy, information and tools to make the best professional decisions for their growth and development. It is a 
global model that places the person at the center of their professional development and is based on the criteria of trust, 
empowerment and transparency, which govern the relationship between BBVA and its employees. In this way, at BBVA employees 
are responsible for their own professional development and have the role of the manager as their main support to accompany and 
guide them throughout their journey at BBVA.
The fact that BBVA has an advanced development model has a positive impact on the level of employee commitment to the Group, 
a strategic objective of the Talent & Culture area and, which is measured annually through the Gallup survey.
During 2024, BBVA continued to promote the role of the manager as a key figure in BBVA's transformation, defining the 
characteristics of a good manager and the key competencies they must possess in order to periodically evaluate them and develop 
and implement personalized growth plans that allow them to continue growing professionally. This leadership approach seeks to 
empower and demand teams to give their best while fostering inspirational and honest leaders who achieve business objectives, live 
BBVA's values and develop their teams. Managers play a key role within the organization in driving transformation.
The professional development model has been implemented at almost all of the Group's companies, reaching 93.3%66 of employees. 
In all geographies, there are Talent & Culture teams responsible for its periodic implementation, monitoring and subsequent feedback 
collection. To make this happen, the model has a series of activity monitoring metrics that are shared monthly in all internal forums of 
interest.
The model has the following elements:
1.
Know yourself. Module in which employees can find information about their strengths and areas for improvement. The following 
tools are available for this purpose:
–
People assessment: helps employees to know themselves better. It shows the assessment made by fellow employees, 
peers and managers regarding the employee's competencies. In addition, it compares their results with what is required for 
their role so that the employee can identify their strengths and areas for improvement. This process is carried out once a 
year and, based on its results, a personalized growth plan is drawn up.
–
Individual performance: setting annual objectives for the employee and then evaluating their achievement based on a 
performance scale. This evaluation is one of the elements that determine the employee's annual variable remuneration and, 
therefore, clear criteria are defined to ensure the transparency of the process. Together with the evaluation of people, 
individual performance is part of the annual evaluation process, which offers a comprehensive view of the employee's 
performance in the year, highlighting both their achievements and areas for improvement to boost their professional 
development.
–
Talent map: this is the result of the assessment of people and individual performance, and identifies and positions each 
employee on the BBVA talent map (segmented into 9 boxes). Depending on the location of each employee on the map, a 
personalized selection of development and training resources is available. In this way, a differentiated value proposition and 
user experience is defined, both for managers and employees, which has an impact on management processes such as 
internal mobility, compensation, training or development.
Consolidated Management Report Consolidated Non-financial Information Statement
121
This English version is a translation of the original in Spanish for information purposes only. In case of a discrepancy, the Spanish original will prevail.
66 The model has been implemented in all the banks of the Group and has not been implemented in the following subsidiaries: Adquira México S.A., BBVA Technology, AFP 
Previsión, Anidaport Invest. Inmobiliarios, BBVA Distribuidora de Seguros, BBVA Institución Financiera CR, BBVA Perú Holding, BBVA Servicios S.A.U., Comercializadora, 
Contents Area S.L. Continental Titulizadora, DCN, Emprendimientos de Valor S.A., Europea de Titulización, Gestión y Administración de RE, Gran Jorge Juan S.A., Madiva 
Soluciones S.L., Movistar Consumer Finance Colombia, OP PLUS,OPERACIONES Y SERVIC., Openpay Argentina, Openpay Colombia, Opendpay Perú, Openpay S.A.P.I. DE C.V., 
OPPLUS LIMA, Provivienda, Sociedad Peruana de Financiamiento and several Garanti companies.

The annual evaluation process lasts approximately four months. It begins in November with the first phase of selection of 
participants and ends in February with the delivery of the annual evaluation report, which includes information about the 
employee's competencies, performance, potential and talent map.
2.
Improvement. Module in which each employee can develop the knowledge they need in their current role and those they need to 
prepare to take on new responsibilities. To do so, the following tools are available:
–
Personalized growth plan: annual plan that employees prepare with the support of their manager. Each employee receives a 
personalized proposal for a plan specially designed according to the results reflected in their annual evaluation report. The 
plan serves as a the basis for their further development, establishing the path, objectives and goals. It has follow-up metrics 
for monitoring the degree of compliance throughout the year. This plan is delivered at the same time as the annual evaluation 
report, in February, and is valid for one year. The entire group of managers has a specific plan to increase their capabilities. 
This tool is available to all Group employees except Turkey, which plans to implement it next year.
–
BBVA Campus: BBVA's training model, which includes a wide range of resources to promote training in strategic capabilities 
for BBVA, its areas, its business and its employees. It contains a personalized training catalog specially selected to meet the 
Group's needs, which employees can access online at any time and is available in all geographies.
It features an internal virtual currency (B-Token) through which employees have the possibility to choose and register for any 
course that interests them.
BBVA Campus also includes a “reskilling accelerator” (The Camp) to promote the development of knowledge identified as key 
to advancing the transformation toward the bank of the future.
–
“Open Mentoring”: a global program that establishes an advisory relationship in which the mentor shares his or her 
knowledge and experience that helps the mentee develop their skills, acquire new knowledge and expand their network of 
contacts within the Group. The initiative had more than 4,200 relationships in 2024 (two and a half times more than the 1,600 
relationships in 2023). Mentoring programs increased during the year to also include personalized programs with a specific 
value offer and tailored to the employee's life stage such as: International mentoring, Female talent mentoring, The Good 
Managers mentoring or Mentoring linked to career plans.
Mentoring processes last 6 months, although this may vary depending on the type of process or at the request of the people 
involved, and can begin at any time of the year.
–
“Coaching”: a program in which the employee sets a development goal and is supported by a certified coach who 
accompanies him/her, thus helping to achieve the best results. Coaching processes last approximately 5-6 months and can 
begin at different times of the year.
Coaching program continued to increase throughout 2024, involving more than 1,400 employees across the Group. More 
than half of the employees did so with the support of the more than 350 certified internal coaches that the Group has.
3.
Explore. Module in which the employee can find all the information they need to explore new paths and take on new 
responsibilities in their development. To do so, the following tools are available:
–
“Mobility”: a tool that provides employees with the internal mobility offers available at any given time in the Group so that 
they can apply and continue to take on new professional challenges. Any employee who meets the required profile can apply 
and monitor their applications at any time.
–
“Global Mobility”: framework through which the Group's international mobility is regulated based on a flexible and 
transparent global policy focused on business needs, thus promoting employee development and improving their experience.
–
“Opportunity”: a tool that employees can use to set future goals in relation to the role they are interested in occupying and 
find out what is the best professional path within the Group to achieve it from their current role. Employees can personalize 
the different actions they want to carry out to achieve the established professional goal. They can also identify other roles of 
interest since it offers them information on all the roles that exist in BBVA. The tool is available all year round for consultation 
or setting actions with the exemption of some geographical areas.
Since this year, BBVA has the technical knowledge of more than 16,70067 employees in central areas registered on the Workday 
platform, which allows it to carry out personalized talent management, driving the Group's transformation through internal mobility, 
continuous training and the strategic allocation of resources where they are most needed. One of the development objectives is to 
promote the use of skills, thus optimizing talent management and better decision-making, both for areas and employees.
The corporate professional development model is kept up to date with a focus on continuous improvement. New developments are 
communicated through different channels (Intranet, employee newsletters, personalized postcards or emails) depending on the 
nature and scope of the update. In addition, the model is permanently available on the Intranet in both its Spanish and English 
versions. The main improvements introduced in 2024 are:
–
Technological process improvements that facilitate better access to global talent, eliminating geographic barriers and 
fostering collaboration between the Group's different countries. In this way, BBVA identifies potential candidates anywhere in 
the world, significantly expanding access to the skills, cultural perspectives and experiences of employees, which enriches 
innovation and improves the competitiveness of teams. This new paradigm boosts productivity and fosters a more inclusive 
model, where talent is leveraged regardless of its location.
–
The creation of personalized growth plans for all Group employees represents an important innovation compared to the 
previous year, when, for the first time, personalized growth plans were incorporated for the manager group. These plans for 
managers have meant that 100% of the employees in the manager group have had a personalized growth plan drawn up 
based on the results of their evaluation report and which includes a proposal for training and development actions specially 
designed for each manager and which promote the development of their areas of improvement and reinforce their strengths.
Consolidated Management Report Consolidated Non-financial Information Statement
122
This English version is a translation of the original in Spanish for information purposes only. In case of a discrepancy, the Spanish original will prevail.
67 Data without Turkey.

–
The implementation of relevant training and development elements specific to the manager group:
•
Polaris and Neuroleadership Program: They provide managers with greater "self-knowledge" that allows them to have a 
greater impact on the development and growth of the professionals in their environment.
•
Personalized Edition Collective Mentoring TGM: Managers who are leaders in their outstanding evaluations mentor other 
managers, prioritizing multi-geography connections.
•
Exclusive places in the Coaching program for the manager group.
–
Creation of the Career Manager role and the continuous feedback model that replaces the People Leader and the Project 
Review tool that Solutions Development teams had been using. The Career Manager role is assumed by an employee with a 
higher role and who is also closely involved in the employee's day-to-day work, to accompany, guide, orient, evaluate and 
encourage their growth.
The development model has channels to collect continuous feedback that allow the degree of implementation of the model to be 
assessed and possible changes to be evaluated when warranted. The feedback collection channel varies depending on the 
development model tool (surveys, monitoring of metrics and indicators such as NPS or interviews are used), as well as the 
stakeholders involved in its collection and analysis (front teams, core services, employees, etc.). All the information received is 
analyzed and prioritized for the definition of action plans, either at a specific time of the year or continuously, with the impact of 
improvements being monitored again. Additionally, activity metrics are monitored in the different tools to validate that there are no 
biases. For example, in the annual evaluation, the way skills are valued according to gender or age has been analyzed, and in coaching, 
the distribution according to gender has been analyzed.
Feedback can be collected at any time of the year, with more formal moments closer to the end of using the tool (annual evaluation, 
coaching, mentoring) or more informal moments linked to day-to-day monitoring through the permanent spaces that every employee 
has with the front-line channels. Additionally, there are permanent channels for active listening to employees, such as Communities of 
Practice (CoPs).
The entire team is involved in the process of implementing and determining changes to the annual evaluation process. If there are 
significant changes that impact the core of the model (annual evaluation), there must be written approval by the Global Head of Talent 
& Culture.
PERFORMANCE EVALUATION OF EMPLOYEES BY GENDER (BBVA GROUP. PERCENTAGE %)
2024
2023
Male
Female
Male
Female
Employees that participated in performance reviews (1)
 97 
 97 
 96 
 97 
(1) Data corresponding to evaluations according to the Professional Development Model in the companies in which it is implemented, divided by the number of employees at the 
end of the year. Of the total workforce at the end of the year, the figures are 89% for men and 91% for women in 2024 and 89% for men and 91% for women in 2023. 
Performance evaluations according to other models have not been included. 
 
 
 
Training
BBVA's training model places employees at the center of their professional development, using data to define a personalized 
value proposition with the aim of providing them with the necessary resources to be the protagonists of their learning experience and 
thus be able to make decisions that accelerate their professional growth. 
BBVA Campus, a learning model for the Future.
Innovation is a fundamental pillar of BBVA Campus, which uses cutting-edge methodologies that provide a unique and differentiated 
training proposal for each professional, and that anticipates and responds to BBVA’s strategic needs. For technical and specialist 
roles, BBVA Campus also provides access to specialized resources from leading external platforms in the market or internationally 
renowned certifications that allow the development of the skills required by the strategy of the business areas.
In 2024, BBVA has continued to boost the strategic capabilities needed to face the challenges of the future, prioritizing key areas such 
as cybersecurity, data, design and behavioral economics, which are grouped into the following categories:
1.
Business Accelerators: Programs focused on business skills, sustainability and digital transformation, aligned with 
expansion and strategic objectives.
2.
Enabling skills: transversal courses that reinforce competencies applicable to any role.
3.
Interpersonal skills: training in leadership, communication and teamwork, essential for the development of social skills.
4.
Technological capabilities: specialization in emerging technologies such as Artificial Intelligence and cybersecurity, key to 
the evolution of the company.
These resources, in turn, are structured by levels and allow employees to progress in their professional development in a way that is 
adapted to the needs of their functions and levels of competence.
Consolidated Management Report Consolidated Non-financial Information Statement
123
This English version is a translation of the original in Spanish for information purposes only. In case of a discrepancy, the Spanish original will prevail.

This effort has been supported by a variety of learning methodologies that have allowed the impact of training to be maximized, 
adapting to the specific needs of employees and fostering a culture of continuous learning, highlighting a variety of training 
programs and formats that combine and incorporate:
–
Asynchronous and synchronous training, combining digital content with live sessions to balance autonomy and 
interaction.
–
Immersive and practical learning, using simulations, virtual reality and tools to replicate real work scenarios.
–
Collaboration and peer learning through group projects that promote the exchange of knowledge and the joint 
development of solutions.
In 2024, the Group has promoted sustainability training through programs for specialists such as “Bootcamp Master” (with four 
lines of training, one transversal and three highly specialized in risks, standards and corporate banking, in which BBVA has 
collaborated with leading external companies specialized in sustainability and in which more than 340 employees have participated) 
or external specialization programs taught by leading entities in addition to specific sustainability certifications (between both, more 
than 430 employees have participated).
BBVA has also promoted training for business professionals, with each area and region defining specific plans to support customers 
in their transition towards a more sustainable future. These include the more than 35,000 business employees trained (over 
83,000 hours68) in products, risks, standards and operational and commercial systems of corporate, SMEs and individual banking, 
or the training of CIB employees in those sectors with the greatest transition challenges (infrastructure, mining or automotive) and 
training on portfolio alignment and specific tools and procedures.
Generic sustainability training for all employees has also been strengthened. More than 85,000 employees have completed at 
least one such course.
BBVA Campus is supporting the incorporation of emerging technologies such as generative Artificial Intelligence into the daily 
execution of employee tasks to maximize their value. In 2024, as part of the “Data University”, “AcademIA” was launched, which 
incorporates, in a structured and organized manner based on the level of specialization required, all the training resources that allow 
employees to learn more about the impact of this technology that BBVA is incorporating to improve creativity, productivity and 
efficiency. A notable element of this initiative is that it has the stake of world-class academic institutions and that, through the 
programs designed, it is accelerating the level of adoption of a tool such as ChatGPT. Within the scope of “AcademIA”, more than 
5,500 employees have been trained since its launch.
In the field of cybersecurity, more than 400 employees have been trained in specialized courses by 2024, and in order to continue 
promoting a culture of security among employees, generic training has been provided to more than 74,000 employees.
Online training remains the preferred methodology, accounting for over 59.3%69 of total training hours in recent years. This 
approach has proven effective and allows the possibility of integrating learning into their daily routines in a natural way, and has high 
satisfaction rates among employees. Investment in training has grown significantly, reaching an average of 501 euros per 
employee in 2024, representing an increase of 19% compared to the previous year.
This virtual platform is universally accessible to employees of almost all Group companies70, which together account for 
99.8% of Group employees. Through it, employees can access a variety of resources in different formats, such as MOOCs, podcasts, 
videos, blogs, communities of practice and simulators, designed to adapt to the different learning styles and preferences of 
employees. Based on data, the platform recommends content adapted to the development needs of each employee and resources of 
interest based on the defined “playlists”.
As part of the “The Good Manager” initiative, in 2024 Campus BBVA has launched a personalized growth plan for this group. 
Through the development of an advanced algorithm that analyzes specific data about the professional, the manager receives 
recommendations that are tailored to their needs and daily challenges. These personalized growth plans contain training and 
development actions specially designed for the manager group:
–
Lidera: A program that structures resources to support managers from the beginning of their role and function throughout 
their career (66%71 of group managers completed at least the access level in 2024).
–
Leadership Development Program, Polaris and Neuroleadership Program: They allow the managers to improve "self-
knowledge" in order to have more impact on the development and growth of the professionals in their environment (551 
managers of the Group completed these programs)
The average progress of personalized growth plans is 51%72 as of December 2024.
Gamification is a key element in the design of learning experiences, as it helps employees become invested in their growth and 
development over time. Initiatives such as The Camp (the accelerator of reskilling strategic capabilities) and learning communities 
such as “Ninja” (aimed at more technological profiles) and “Space Career” (for Data profiles) are in place to reinforce very specific 
skills in a digital, dynamic and interactive environment to make learning more attractive but, above all, practical.
Consolidated Management Report Consolidated Non-financial Information Statement
124
This English version is a translation of the original in Spanish for information purposes only. In case of a discrepancy, the Spanish original will prevail.
68 Includes both the training activity managed at Campus BBVA and external certifications.
69 Data without Turkey.
70 Employees of all banks participate in Campus, except the employees of the following subsidiaries: Provivienda; Movistar Consumer Finance Colombia SAS; BBVA Mexico BBVA 
Foundation , AC; Peruvian Society of Financing SAC; BBVA Financial Institution CR; Anidaport Invest. Real Estate; BBVA Services, SAU; Madiva Solutions SL; Hans Factory, SL; 
Bilbao Vizcaya Investments, SAU; European Securitization; Distrito Castellana Norte (DCN); BBVA Global Wealth Advisors, Inc.
71 Data without Turkey.
72 Data without Turkey.

The basic training data is shown below:
BASIC TRAINING DATA (BBVA GROUP)
2024
2023
Investment in training (millions of euros)
63.0
51.1
Investment in training per employee (euros) (1)
501
421
Hours of training per employee (2)
53.4
49.3
Employees who have received training (%) (2)
 99.1 %
 99.1 %
(1) Ratio calculated considering the total workforce of the Group at the end of each financial year.
(2) Ratio calculated by dividing the total training hours for the entire year by the Group's total workforce with access to the training platform at the end of the year.
AVERAGE HOURS OF TRAINING BY GENDER (BBVA GROUP) (1)
2024
2023
Male
Female
Male
Female
Management team (2)
53
55
37
43
Managers
64
65
58
57
Other employees
47
47
45
46
Total
55
53
49
50
(1) Data including the Group's total workforce at the end of the year, with access to the training platform.
(2) The management team includes the highest level of management in the Group.
TRAINING DATA BY PROFESSIONAL CATEGORY AND GENDER (BBVA GROUP. 2024) (1) (2)
Number of employees with training
Training hours (in thousands) 
 Total 
Male
Female
 Total 
Male
Female
Management team (3)
5,751
3,711
2,040
308
195
112
Managers
42,864
21,776
21,088
2,779
1,405
1,374
Other employees
75,852
34,861
40,991
3,626
1,672
1,954
Total
124,467
60,348
64,119
6,713
3,272
3,441
(1) Data includes the Group's total workforce with access to the training platform at the end of the year. 
 
 
 
 
 
(2) Information provided to comply with explicit requirements of Law 11/2018.
(3) The management team includes the highest level of management in the Group.
TRAINING DATA BY PROFESSIONAL CATEGORY AND GENDER (BBVA GROUP. 2023) (1) (2)
Number of employees with training
Training hours (in thousands)
Total
Male
Female
Total
Male
Female
Management team (3)
5,377
3,509
1,868
210
129
81
Managers
40,463
20,616
19,847
2,339
1,199
1,139
Other employees
74,255
33,670
40,585
3,382
1,514
1,869
Total
120,095
57,795
62,300
5,931
2,842
3,089
(1) Data includes the Group's total workforce with access to the training platform at the end of the year. 
 
 
 
 
 
(2) Information provided to comply with explicit requirements of Law 11/2018.
(3) The management team includes the highest level of management in the Group.
Consolidated Management Report Consolidated Non-financial Information Statement
125
This English version is a translation of the original in Spanish for information purposes only. In case of a discrepancy, the Spanish original will prevail.

Competitive remuneration
Remuneration Policies at BBVA
The corporate governance system defined by the Board of Directors, which guarantees sound management and supervision of the 
entity, includes gender-neutral remuneration policies and practices, compatible with prudent and effective risk management, aimed 
at encouraging responsible conduct and fair treatment of customers, while helping to avoid conflicts of interest and promoting 
competitive remuneration.
BBVA has the following remuneration policies in place, designed within the framework of the specific regulations applicable to credit 
institutions and taking into account best practices and recommendations on matters of remuneration both locally and internationally 
(the “Remuneration Policies”):
–
The General Remuneration Policy of the BBVA Group, which applies, in general, to all Group employees, including BBVA's 
Senior Management, with the exception of BBVA's executive directors, (the "General Remuneration Policy of the BBVA Group" or 
the "Policy"). The Policy complies with the provisions of Law 10/2014, of June 26, on the regulation, supervision and solvency of 
credit institutions ("Law 10/2014") and its implementing regulations, including Bank of Spain Circular 2/2016, of February 2, to 
credit institutions on matters of supervision and solvency ("Circular 2/2016"), and is adapted to the Guidelines of the European 
Banking Authority on sound remuneration policies, of July 2, 2021 ("EBA Guidelines"), which the Bank of Spain has assimilated. 
The BBVA Group's General Remuneration Policy for 2024 is the one approved by the Board of Directors, at the proposal of the 
Remuneration Committee on March 29, 2023, which governs remuneration for financial year 2023 and beyond and which is 
available to all employees on the corporate intranet. This Policy will remain in force until the Board of Directors agrees to modify it 
or approves a new policy to replace it.
–
The BBVA Directors' Remuneration Policy (which applies to both non-executive and executive directors), which is also fully 
aligned with applicable regulatory requirements and, specifically, with those set out in the Revised Text of the Corporate 
Enterprises Act, approved by Royal Legislative Decree 1/2010, of July 2 (“Corporate Enterprises Act”), which regulates the 
specificities of the remuneration policy applicable to directors of listed companies.
The BBVA Directors’ Remuneration Policy applicable in 2024 was approved by the BBVA General Shareholders’ Meeting held on 
March 17, 2023 for the years 2023, 2024, 2025 and 2026, and is available on BBVA’s corporate website (www.bbva.com). In 
accordance with the provisions of Article 529 novodecies of the Corporate Enterprises Act, upon reaching the last financial year 
foreseen for its application has arrived, a new Remuneration Policy for BBVA Directors will be submitted to the General 
Shareholders’ Meeting for consideration before the end of said financial year.
Both Remuneration Policies are based on the same general principles and are geared towards the recurrent generation of value for 
the Group, the alignment of the interests of its employees and shareholders, prudent risk management and the development of the 
defined strategy. BBVA's Remuneration Policies are aligned with the interests of its employees and take into consideration the best 
market practices and the suggestions received from its shareholders, investors and other stakeholders. Within the framework of 
constant and constructive dialogue, BBVA fosters a culture of trust and commitment with its stakeholders, while complying with 
transparency standards. 
The Remuneration Policies are based in the following general principles:
–
Creating long-term value.
–
Achieving results based on prudent and responsible risk-taking.
–
Attracting and retaining the best talent.
–
Rewarding the level of responsibility and professional accomplishment.
–
Ensuring internal equity and external competitiveness and equal pay between men and women.
–
Encouraging responsible conduct and fair treatment of customers, while also avoiding conflicts of interest.
–
Ensuring transparency of the remuneration model.
These principles are there to ensure that the Policies:
–
Contribute to the BBVA Group's business strategy and to the achievement of its objectives, values and interests, as well as to 
the creation of value and long-term sustainability.
–
Are compatible with and promote prudent and effective risk management, without offering incentives for risk-taking that 
exceeds the level tolerated by the Group, in a manner consistent with the BBVA Group's risk strategy and culture.
–
Are clear, understandable and transparent, with simple wording that allows users to understand the different elements that 
make up the remuneration and the conditions for its award, vesting and payment. To this end, the Policies clearly distinguish 
between the criteria for establishing fixed remuneration and variable remuneration and are transparent in terms of setting 
targets and parameters for its calculation.
–
Provide a competitive remuneration system, with the aim of attracting and retaining the best talent and adequately rewarding 
the functions performed.
–
Are gender-neutral, reflecting equal compensation for the same functions or functions of equal value and not establishing any 
difference or discrimination based on gender.
–
Include measures to avoid conflicts of interest, promoting the independence of judgement of the people involved in decision-
making, in supervising and controlling the management, and in establishing remuneration systems, incorporating 
predetermined calculation rules that avoid discretion in their application.
Consolidated Management Report Consolidated Non-financial Information Statement
126
This English version is a translation of the original in Spanish for information purposes only. In case of a discrepancy, the Spanish original will prevail.

–
Seek to ensure that remuneration is not based exclusively or primarily on quantitative criteria, taking into account appropriate 
qualitative criteria that reflect compliance with applicable law and regulations.
The BBVA Board of Directors , as the highest body of representation, administration, management and oversight of BBVA, 
periodically reviews the Remuneration Policies and, both directly and through its Remuneration Committee, which assists it in 
remuneration matters, supervises their application, based on the information and reports received from the Talent & Culture and 
Internal Audit areas, thus ensuring that they are applied appropriately and in accordance with BBVA's Corporate Governance system.
BBVA Group General Remuneration Policy
The purpose of The BBVA Group's General Remuneration Policy is to regulate the remuneration of BBVA Group employees and 
to determine, for the Group , the specific provisions applicable to certain groups of employees, such as personnel who perform 
control functions, personnel who perform functions related to the sale of products and the provision of services to customers, and 
personnel whose professional activities have a significant impact on the risk profile (the "Identified Staff").
This Policy is coordinated at a corporate level by BBVA's global Talent & Culture area and is the reference framework for establishing 
and developing general policies, regulations, procedures or local or sector-specific remuneration models in a coherent and consistent 
manner. Thus, and in accordance with the Internal Regulatory Framework established in the Group , this Policy is extended to the 
subsidiaries through a transposition process, which allows the entities that form part of the BBVA Group to develop their own 
remuneration policies at a local level, which must be adopted by the highest competent body of the subsidiary in a coherent and 
consistent manner with the provisions of the Group's Remuneration Policy while incorporating any specific circumstances or needs 
required by applicable local or sector regulations.
The General Remuneration Policy sets out the remuneration model applicable, in general, to the entire BBVA Group workforce, which 
consists of:
–
A fixed remuneration, which takes into account the level of responsibility, the functions performed and the track record of 
each employee, the principles of internal equity and the value of the function in the market. Fixed remuneration accounts for a 
significant part of the total remuneration. The granting and the amount of the fixed remuneration are based on predetermined 
objective and non-discretionary criteria.
–
A variable remuneration, consisting of those payments or benefits in addition to the fixed remuneration , whether monetary 
or not, that revolve around variable parameters. This remuneration must be linked, in general, to the achievement of 
previously established targets and will include both the annual variable remuneration corresponding to the corporate model 
(defined below) and, where applicable, other variable incentive schemes and any other variable component that the Group 
may grant at any time to its staff or to certain groups of employees.
In applying the remuneration policies, the Group continuously and globally carries out actions that guarantee compliance with the 
general principles governing them. The global Talent & Culture team, together with the Talent & Culture teams in each of the 
geographic areas, are responsible for leading and promoting these actions, which include:
–
Defining fixed remuneration ranges and target variable remuneration , adapted to the specific circumstances of each 
geography, so as to ensure fair and equitable remuneration for the same functions or functions of equal value, preserving 
internal equity and not establishing any difference or discrimination based on gender.
–
Conducting market studies in each of the geographies, in order to guarantee competitive remuneration that takes into 
account external competitiveness.
–
Establishing of a minimum entry salary for the lowest professional category, which must be above the legal minimum salary 
established in each of the jurisdictions in which the Group operates.
–
Conducting salary reviews to maintain employees' purchasing power.
–
Monitoring the adjusted pay gap, calculated for employees occupying equal positions, both at Group level and at the level of 
each geographical area.
Application of The BBVA Group's General Remuneration Policy in 2024
Corporate Annual Variable Remuneration Model applicable in 2024
As established in the Group's General Remuneration Policy, BBVA has a corporate variable remuneration model that is generally 
applicable to all employees, depending on their functions, and which consists of granting an incentive that reflects performance 
measured through the fulfillment of targets associated with Group, Area and individual indicators, both financial and non-financial, 
measured annually. These indicators take into account the strategic priorities defined by the Group, as well as current and future 
risks, and allow annual variable remuneration to be linked to the degree of compliance with BBVA's strategy.
Consolidated Management Report Consolidated Non-financial Information Statement
127
This English version is a translation of the original in Spanish for information purposes only. In case of a discrepancy, the Spanish original will prevail.

In 2024, the level of achievement of the annual Group -wide indicators was 126% (126% in 2023), based on the result obtained for 
each of the financial and non-financial indicators. The level of achievement of the annual Group -wide financial and non-financial 
indicators for incentive purposes is detailed below:
ANNUAL VARIABLE REMUNERATION 2024 - ANNUAL FINANCIAL AND NON-FINANCIAL INDICATORS (BBVA GROUP) 
(MEASUREMENT PERIOD 2024)
2024
2023
Annual indicator
Weight 
(1)
Goal
Result (2)
Level of 
attainment
Weight 
(1)
Goal
Result (2)
Level of 
attainment
FINANCIAL
Attributed result
20%
8,957 mill. €
10,054 mill. €
150%
20%
7,124 mill. €
8,019 mill. €
138%
RORC
20%
19.34%
20.98%
142%
20%
16.55%
18.06%
123%
Efficiency ratio
20%
41.13%
40.00%
118%
20%
44.13%
41.66%
137%
NON-FINANCIAL
Net Promoted Score 
(NPS) (3)
15%
100
102
102%
15%
100
109
109%
Target customers (3)
15%
100
97
97%
15%
100
98
98%
Mobilization of 
sustainable financing (4)
10%
76,349 mill. €
92,737 mill.€
136%
10%
55,004 mill. €
68,218 mill. €
150%
 (1) Weights set for the Annual Variable Compensation 2023 and 2024 for BBVA Group staff, including executive directors. 
 (2) Approved results for incentive purposes. 
(3) For the NPS and Target Customers indicators, targets are at country level. The Group's achievement for these indicators is calculated as the average weighted by the net 
margin of the achievements obtained by the countries. 
 
 (4) The result of the “Target 2025” announced by the Bank for channeling sustainable business does not coincide with the result for incentive purposes, as the latter does not 
take into account the activity of the BBVA Microfinance Foundation. 
In particular, the annual indicators include the sustainable business channeling indicator, which measures the amount of sustainable 
business or business that promotes sustainability channeled by BBVA and is aimed at contributing to the fight against climate change 
and the promotion of inclusive growth. It is directly related to the Bank's strategic priority of “Helping our clients transition towards a 
sustainable future”. These indicators also include the Net Promoted Score (NPS), the purpose of which is to determine the level of 
customer recommendation, as well as the factors that influence this decision.
In the case of the members of the Identified Collective, their Annual Variable Remuneration includes a short-term incentive, calculated 
on the basis of the same annual Group-wide indicators described above, as well as the Area and Individual indicators of each 
beneficiary, and additionally, a long-term incentive. The long-term incentive will be calculated on the basis of the results of a series of 
multi-year financial and non-financial indicators, which will prioritize the creation of value and profitability for the shareholder and for 
the Group in the long term, as well as the progressive achievement of the Bank's sustainability goals and objectives.
In particular, the indicators for calculating the long-term incentive include a portfolio decarbonization indicator, whcih will measure 
the degree of compliance with the decarbonization objectives of a series of sectors for which BBVA has published specific objectives 
and, therefore, is directly related to the BBVA Group's strategic priority of helping customers transition towards a sustainable future 
and with its climate action objectives. Additionally, a social indicator is included that measures the trend percentage of women in 
management positions in the Group, which is fully aligned with the strategic priority of having the best, most committed and diverse 
team, guided by the Bank's purpose and its values and behaviors.
The long-term indicators for calculating the long-term incentive for the Identified Staff, which forms part of the Annual Variable 
Remuneration for the year 2024, and whose achievement will be determined when its measurement period ends (at the end of 2027), 
are detailed below:
LONG-TERM INCENTIVE FOR THE IDENTIFIED GROUP 2024 - LONG-TERM INDICATORS RVA 2024 (BBVA GROUP, 
PERCENTAGE %) (MULTI-YEAR MEASUREMENT PERIOD WITH OBJECTIVES UP TO 2027)
Weight
Long-term indicator
2024
2023
FINANCIAL
Tangible Book Value per share (TBV per share)
 40 %
 40 %
Relative Total Shareholder Return (Relative TSR)
 40 %
 40 %
NON-FINANCIAL
Decarbonization of the portfolio
 15 %
 15 %
Percentage of women in Management positions
 5 %
 5 %
For more information on the indicators, both annual and long-term, see also the Annual Report on the Remuneration of BBVA 
Directors (IARC) of 2024.
Consolidated Management Report Consolidated Non-financial Information Statement
128
This English version is a translation of the original in Spanish for information purposes only. In case of a discrepancy, the Spanish original will prevail.

Gross pay gap
The gross pay gap reflects the difference between the pay received by men and the pay received by women. It is calculated as the 
difference between the gross pay (mean or median) of men minus the gross remuneration (mean or median) of women, expressed as 
a percentage of the gross pay (mean or median) of men.
The total remuneration considered includes the annual basic remuneration (or base salary), salary supplements (except for mobility, 
housing and expatriation supplements) and the target variable remuneration (or target bonus). BBVA does not include in its 
calculation items such as allowances, social benefits, and so forth, the amount of which is very little representative of the total 
remuneration of employees, and whose granting criteria and amounts are clearly defined, without discriminating between men and 
women.
The gross gender pay gap at BBVA Group73 for 2024 is as follows:
GROSS PAY GAP (BBVA GROUP, PERCENTAGE %)
2024
BBVA Group (Average)
28.3
BBVA Group (Median)
23.0
In recent years, the BBVA Group has worked to increase the proportion of women in management positions, establishing specific 
targets in all the geographies in which it operates, which demonstrates its commitment to achieving greater gender balance at all 
levels of the organization.
It should be noted that the gross pay gap does not allow for a comparison of the remuneration of men and women who perform 
similar functions, but rather compares the remuneration of men and women in different roles, so it is not representative of gender 
discrimination.
Adjusted pay gap
BBVA's remuneration policies are gender-neutral, reflecting equal remuneration for the same functions or functions of equal value, 
and not establishing any difference or discrimination based on gender. The remuneration model rewards the level of responsibility, 
the functions performed and the track record of each employee, ensuring internal equity and external competitiveness, as well as 
equal pay between men and women.
This model defines positions around which remuneration pivots. Each of these positions has a unique theoretical value based on 
different factors, such as the level of responsibility, the complexity of the function, or the impact on results. Likewise, each position 
has a unique value linked to the achievement of previously established objectives.
The adjusted pay gap compares the total compensation received by men and women in equal positions in the group, with the items 
included being the same as in the gross pay gap.
For each of the positions described above, BBVA calculates the median total remuneration received by all men and women occupying 
such positions and, on this basis, calculates the adjusted pay gap for the position as the percentage resulting from dividing the 
difference in the median remunerations received by men minus the median remunerations received by women by the median 
remunerations of men. The BBVA Group's adjusted pay gap is calculated as the weighted average of the gaps obtained in each of the 
positions.
Consolidated Management Report Consolidated Non-financial Information Statement
129
This English version is a translation of the original in Spanish for information purposes only. In case of a discrepancy, the Spanish original will prevail.
73 The calculations on the gap and on average remuneration have been made taking into account 99.7% of the workforce, as it does not include data from the companies DCN, 
Banco Provincial Overseas Curaçao, Openpay Peru, Opplus Lima (Peru), Sociedad Peruana de Financiamientos SAC, AFP Previsión, Provivienda (Bolivia), BBVA Bancomer 
Houston Agency.

The adjusted wage gap in the main geographies in which the Group operates for the years 2024 and 2023 is as follows:
ADJUSTED PAY GAP (MEDIAN) (1) (BBVA GROUP, PERCENTAGE %) (2) (3)
2024
2023
Spain (BBVA,S.A.)
0.9
2.1
Mexico 
-0.2
-0.7
Turkey
0.8
0.3
Colombia
2.1
1.2
Peru
0.7
1.4
Argentina
3.3
4.2
Venezuela
1.4
0.4
Chile
-3.7
-1.4
Uruguay
3.4
2.4
BBVA Group
0.6
0.5
(1) The median is used for this calculation, since this statistical indicator is less affected by the presence of biases in the distribution of extreme values and better represents the 
Group's actual situation. 
 (2) The calculation of the adjusted gap includes 90.8% of the Group's employees. The remaining employees cannot be included in the calculation because they are associated 
with positions in which there is no representation of both genders.
(3) Information provided to comply with explicit requirements of Law 11/2018.
Average salaries
The following tables show the average remuneration of BBVA Group employees as a whole and, individually, of BBVA, S.A. employees 
located in Spain, and of employees located in Mexico, Turkey, Colombia, Peru, Argentina, Venezuela, Chile and Uruguay:
AVERAGE REMUNERATION (1) BY PROFESSIONAL CATEGORY, AGE STAGES AND GENDER (BBVA GROUP. EUROS) (2)
2024
2023 (3)
Management 
team (4)
Managers
Rest of 
employees
Management 
team (4)
Managers
Rest of 
employees
< 30 years
Male
67,347
23,989
18,544
79,593
23,543
16,082
Female
59,314
20,486
15,132
57,127
18,716
12,940
30-50 years
Male
123,640
44,565
24,061
114,046
39,921
22,640
Female
100,672
37,737
21,737
91,511
32,548
20,980
> 50 years
Male
181,127
59,981
37,117
175,471
54,849
34,885
Female
133,099
51,290
36,149
121,657
47,104
33,974
(1) Includes basic annual compensation (or base salary) and salary supplements (except for mobility, housing and expatriation allowances). This represents 99% of total fixed 
compensation. 
(2) Information provided to comply with explicit requirements of Law 11/2018.
(3) Data for 2023 differs from that published in the 2023 Consolidated Statement of Non-Financial Information, as the age brackets have been aligned with ESRS requirements.
(4) This group excludes BBVA Senior Management.
Consolidated Management Report Consolidated Non-financial Information Statement
130
This English version is a translation of the original in Spanish for information purposes only. In case of a discrepancy, the Spanish original will prevail.

AVERAGE REMUNERATION (1) BY PROFESSIONAL CATEGORY AND GENDER (EUROS) (2)
2024
2023
Management 
team (3)
Managers
Rest of 
employees
Management 
team (3)
Managers
Rest of 
employees
Spain (BBVA,S.A.)
Male
140,740
58,578
43,822
142,187
57,124
43,519
Female
115,961
53,623
42,719
113,323
51,985
41,795
Mexico
Male
126,827
33,640
15,811
140,740
35,969
16,457
Female
96,143
29,938
14,261
104,911
32,328
15,019
Turkey (4)
Male
152,526
47,419
21,670
95,371
22,026
18,654
Female
116,627
35,500
20,495
67,941
18,149
16,445
Colombia
Male
111,837
35,109
16,842
108,287
35,314
16,923
Female
71,667
29,718
15,144
73,094
30,093
15,087
Peru
Male
115,418
28,744
16,776
107,538
27,500
15,716
Female
73,208
22,735
11,806
70,683
22,132
11,242
Argentina
Male
112,065
45,455
29,794
63,006
24,086
15,583
Female
100,002
38,688
26,417
55,834
20,140
13,616
Venezuela (5)
Male
52,099
1,397
931
17,083
1,377
913
Female
20,591
1,301
859
18,993
1,278
840
Chile
Male
102,164
35,145
13,291
118,689
36,592
13,737
Female
80,106
27,612
10,036
81,717
27,999
10,467
Uruguay
Male
184,703
93,709
64,877
175,750
96,390
74,966
Female
144,276
80,668
61,182
153,201
81,654
70,491
(1) Includes basic annual compensation (or base salary) and salary supplements (except for mobility, housing and expatriation allowances). This represents 99% of total fixed 
compensation.
(2) Information provided to comply with explicit requirements of Law 11/2018.
(3) This group excludes BBVA Senior Management.
(4) Turkey considers the entire Garanti Group, including those companies outside the geographical scope of Turkey where Garanti has a presence.
(5) The significant increase in the remuneration of the male members of the management team in Venezuela is due to the fact that certain positions were vacant at the end of 
2023.
The differences observed in the average remuneration of certain professional categories derive from the varied composition of these 
categories and from other factors such as the subject’s length of service within the organization or the position. The average 
remuneration of each category is influenced by aspects such as the different distribution of men and women in the highest-paid 
positions or the higher proportion of women in countries with lower average remuneration.
In 2024, the decreases in average remunerations (expressed in current euros) observed in some countries, such as Mexico and Chile, 
are due to the depreciation of their respective currencies against the euro, which have not been offset by the wage increases 
implemented in those regions to compensate for inflation rates. On the other hand, the increases in average remunerations 
(expressed in current euros) in Turkey and Argentina are the result of salary increases made to compensate for inflation rates, which 
have been higher in both countries than the depreciation of their respective currencies.
In the case of executive directors and other members of BBVA's Senior Management who held such status as of December 31, 2024, 
information on their remuneration is included in Note 54 of the BBVA Group's Consolidated Financial Statements for the year 2024. 
For BBVA's executive directors, remuneration is presented individually and by pay item, while for the rest of BBVA's Senior 
Management, remuneration is presented in aggregate form. The average total remuneration of BBVA's Senior management 
(excluding executive directors) in 2024 was 2,442 thousand euros in the case of men (2,437 thousand euros in 2023) and 1,953 
thousand euros in the case of women (1,981 thousand euros in 2023).
Consolidated Management Report Consolidated Non-financial Information Statement
131
This English version is a translation of the original in Spanish for information purposes only. In case of a discrepancy, the Spanish original will prevail.

Total annual remuneration
BBVA calculates the annual total remuneration ratio for BBVA, S.A. employees located in Spain, as well as for employees located in 
Mexico, Turkey, Peru, Colombia, Argentina, Uruguay and Chile, as the ratio between the annual total remuneration (fixed 
remuneration plus accrued variable remuneration and pension contributions) of the highest-paid person in each geographic area and 
the median annual total remuneration (fixed remuneration plus accrued variable remuneration and pension contributions) of all 
employees in the same geographic area, taking the full-time annualized remuneration and excluding the highest-paid person.
The annual total compensation ratios in the main geographies in which the Group operates for 2024 and 2023 are as follows:
ANNUAL TOTAL COMPENSATION RATIO (1)
2024
2023 (2)
Spain (BBVA, S.A.)
124.1
126.0
Mexico
221.2
252.1
Turkey (3)
—
208.2
Colombia
87.2
89.2
Peru
131.8
125.4
Argentina (3)
—
83.0
Chile (3)
—
108.7
Uruguay
7.7
8.1
(1) Data for Venezuela is not provided since, in both 2023 and 2024, there was a change in the highest paid person and the position was vacant.
(2) Data for 2023 differ from those published in the 2023 Consolidated Statement of Non-Financial Information, as the amount of variable compensation has been updated using 
the final score applied for its calculation.
(3) New Country Manager in 2024. Not provided as the position was vacant.
Pensions and other benefits
BBVA has differentiated pension systems based on the geographic areas and coverage offered to the different groups of employees, 
with no differences on the basis of gender or other personal circumstances. In general, the pension system functions as a defined 
contribution system for retirement contingency. The Group's Employee Commitment/Benefits Standard is compatible with its 
business strategy, its objectives and its long-term interests.
Contributions to the Group's employee pension systems are made within the framework of the employment regulations and individual 
or collective agreements applicable at each entity, sector or geographical area. The calculation bases on which the benefits are based 
(commitments for retirement, death and disability) reflects fixed annual amounts, with no temporary fluctuations arising from 
variable components or individual results.
As for other benefits, the Group has a local framework in place, where each entity (according to its sector of activity and the 
geographical area in which it operates) offers a package of benefits for employees as part of its specific remuneration scheme without 
applying differences based on gender or personal reasons of any other kind.
Consolidated Management Report Consolidated Non-financial Information Statement
132
This English version is a translation of the original in Spanish for information purposes only. In case of a discrepancy, the Spanish original will prevail.

3.1.3
Equal opportunities
BBVA is committed to diversity and inclusion, which is a key part of its mission and values, promoting equal opportunities 
among all its employees so that its team faithfully represents the society in which it operates. Having diverse teams allows BBVA to 
understand and respond more effectively to the needs of its customers, recognizing that each person contributes valuable 
perspectives that enrich both the organization and society as a whole.
This commitment to equal opportunities has a positive impact on the level of employee commitment to the Group, a strategic 
objective of the Talent & Culture area, which is measured annually through the Gallup survey.
BBVA Diversity Guidelines
In 2022, BBVA published its “Diversity Guidelines”, a document that constitutes the general guide of action regarding diversity, 
inclusion and equity, taking as a fundamental basis the BBVA Purpose: “To bring the age of opportunity to everyone.”. This document, 
approved by the Global Head of Talent & Culture, embodies at an institutional level BBVA's commitment to diversity, inclusion and 
equity where respect for differences is part of the strategy. 
This commitment to equal opportunities involves promoting and living diversity in BBVA's relationship with its different 
stakeholders (customers, partners, employees, etc.) by promoting a culture that embraces the differences that exist in the BBVA 
community, where the uniqueness of each person is the driving force that encourages them to develop their full potential.
The guidelines explicitly prohibit discrimination based on race, sex, age, or any other circumstance and define the five groups with 
which BBVA works:
–
Gender diversity.
–
LGBTQI+ diversity.
–
Generational diversity.
–
People with disabilities.
–
Cultural and ethnic diversity.
BBVA makes these guidelines known to its employees through various communication channels: newsletter, Intranet, Diversity Days 
and training on Campus, which are also available in English. The diversity teams in the different areas and geographies are responsible 
for ensuring compliance with these guidelines and proposing updates when appropriate, something that has not yet happened.
Further regulations also linked to equal opportunities include the BBVA Code of Conduct, which expressly prohibits any type of 
discrimination based on sex, race, age or sexual condition, and the Equality Plan, signed in Spain with employee representatives in 
2023. Likewise, BBVA has prevention and action protocols in place against sexual harassment in the main geographies in which it is 
present, which expressly set out its rejection of any behavior of a sexual nature or connotation that has the intention or produces the 
effect of attacking the dignity of a person. BBVA applies this protocol as a means of preventing, detecting, correcting and sanctioning 
any such conduct within the company.
Employee engagement
BBVA counts with the participation of its stakeholders in the so called Employee Resource Groups (ERGs). These ERGs, due 
to their identity in terms of diversity, inclusion and equity, are two-way spaces for communication, interaction and learning on how to 
approach diversity at BBVA. They are made up of employees who, voluntarily, unpaid and in their free time, decide to put their 
knowledge and experience at the service of diversity at BBVA. ERGs have been set up in the five lines of work on diversity (gender, 
LGBTIQ+, generational, people with disabilities and cultural and ethnic).
These groups work in a coordinated manner alongside BBVA's diversity teams, to whom they provide feedback from colleagues, 
advice and specialized help on their areas of expertise, and they take part in the various events that the Group organizes around 
diversity. Periodic meetings of the diversity team are organized with representatives of the different ERGs and they are also invited to 
the biweekly meetings of the Community of Practice. The effectiveness of this collaboration with employees and the results obtained 
are demonstrated by the high number of initiatives launched and the significant number of employees impacted by the initiatives.
This employee listening process is complemented by a specific question on diversity “BBVA always values diversity” in the Gallup 
engagement survey, as explained in the “Culture and values” section. The responses show that BBVA continues to make positive 
progress in terms of diversity, with a score of 4.75 out of 5, which exceeds the scores of 4.72 in 2023 and 4.64 in 2022.
Consolidated Management Report Consolidated Non-financial Information Statement
133
This English version is a translation of the original in Spanish for information purposes only. In case of a discrepancy, the Spanish original will prevail.

Initiatives to promote diversity
Diversity initiatives are led by the Holding Diversity team, which defines the diversity strategy and coordinates with counterpart teams 
in the respective geographies and areas through the Community of Practice, with the aim of defining the initiatives to be implemented 
in the different lines of work. The initiatives pursue the dual objective of promoting equal opportunities among its employees and 
raising awareness about the advantages of being a diverse and inclusive organization. In 2024, the following stand out:
1.
Gender diversity: I am female talent.
With the aim of promoting the professional growth of BBVA women and achieving a more equitable representation in 
management positions, the second edition of “I Am Female Talent” was launched, a program through which a group of BBVA 
employees with great potential was identified. The employees were provided with various tools to be able to develop themselves 
to the fullest, as:
–
Specialized training: through preferential access to management development programs (PDD) and scholarships in 
external training programs such as “Yo Soy Promociona” or “Yo Soy Progresa”.
–
Mentoring: includes the “Top Mentoring” program through which employees are mentored by the top managers in their 
areas, including members of BBVA’s Senior Management .
–
Coaching: Their involvement was prioritized by assigning them a place on BBVA's coaching programs.
–
Networking activities: involvement in activities, both internal and external, with women from other companies with the aim 
of building professional ties that help them advance in their professional careers.
The visibility of the participants was also improved through attendance at external events, interviews and presence on social 
media, thus expanding their impact and influence. This program is in force in most of BBVA's geographies, albeit with local 
differences in each country. In 2024, more than 300 female employees of Holding Spain took part.
This annual program has been designed and implemented by the diversity teams of the different countries in collaboration with 
the training team, whose activities take place throughout the year. In 2024, with the program in its second year, the number of 
participating employees increased and new features were included, such as communication workshops and thematic cafés.
2.
LGBTIQ+ Diversity: report on the management of LGBTIQ+ Diversity in Spain.
BBVA promotes initiatives that favor the real and effective inclusion of LGBTIQ+ people. For this reason, the BBVA diversity team 
teamed up with the Business Network for LGBTI+ Diversity and Inclusion (REDI) to produce a report titled “The management of 
LGBTI Diversity in Spain”. The report analyzes the experience of Spanish organizations in managing LGBTIQ+ diversity, the work 
environment and the impact of diversity and inclusion policies, both in organizations and in their workforces. This specific action 
aims to understand how to appropriately manage LGBTIQ+ diversity as well as the advantages that this represents for its 
collaborators.
3.
Generational diversity: annual Added Value awards.
People's talent and their contribution to society should not be limited by age. That is why the BBVA diversity team, in collaboration 
with the Transforma Foundation, organized the third edition of the annual “Valor Añadido” Awards, with the presence of a group 
of BBVA employees with more than 40 years of service in the Group. These awards promote the recognition of people over 55 
years of age who have contributed with their work and their merits in the educational, scientific, technical, cultural, social and 
business areas, unlocking the true value of senior talent in Spain, especially if their greatest achievement has been attained in the 
later stage of their career. The aim is to raise awareness among social agents of the challenges posed by the aging of society.
4.
Inclusion of people with disabilities: job fairs.
In terms of diversity for people with disabilities, BBVA reaffirms its commitment to the integration of this group into the 
workforce. In Mexico, seven job fairs were organized throughout 2024 specifically for the hiring of people with disabilities. More 
than 1,500 candidates were registered, of whom 124 were hired in 2024, thus helping to increase their weight in BBVA.
BBVA has developed a comprehensive plan for the integration of people with disabilities that rests on three pillars: awareness, 
accessibility and employability. All of this has resulted in a 17% increase in the number of employees with disabilities at the Group 
in the last year, reaching 1,046 in 2024 (in 2023 there were 891), which represents 0.83% of the official workforce.
5.
Ethnic diversity: self-recognition campaign.
In order to promote the inclusion of people of diverse ethnicities at BBVA and improve their professional development 
opportunities, the diversity team in Colombia, in collaboration with the training team, launched a sustained year-round campaign 
of voluntary self-recognition of employees with ethnic origins. Currently, 89 people have self-identified, for whom a personalized 
professional growth plan has been drawn up. Also, in 2024, the Rooney Rule was implemented for the coverage of branch network 
opening in certain parts of Colombia, requiring that for each vacancy, a percentage of candidates belonging to ethnic minorities of 
at least 2/3 be interviewed.
Additionally, BBVA is working to ensure that all its processes are free of discrimination and that employees share an inclusive and safe 
work environment. In recent years, numerous training, visibility, process change, talent management, measurement, and other 
initiatives have been launched to ensure that all BBVA employees have the same opportunities.
Consolidated Management Report Consolidated Non-financial Information Statement
134
This English version is a translation of the original in Spanish for information purposes only. In case of a discrepancy, the Spanish original will prevail.

Objectives
In terms of equal opportunities, BBVA has worked hard to promote gender equality. In this regard, in recent years it has approved in 
recent years objectives for achieving a minimum proportion of women at the highest levels of the organization. Thus, after having 
already achieved the target of 40% women on the Board of Directors in 2023, another milestone was reached in 2024 having 35% of 
women on the management team by 2024, a target committed to in 2022.
Following the achievement of these milestones, BBVA's commitment remains unchanged and further efforts are being made to 
increase this percentage to values closer to parity. In this regard, a new objective of 36.8% of women in management positions by the 
end of 2026 was set in February 2024, as announced when communicating the objectives associated with long-term variable 
remuneration for2023 (more information can be found in the “Quality employment and competitive remuneration” chapter).
The definition of these objectives, proposed to the Board of Directors, was carried out by a team of Talent & Culture experts, setting 
challenging but reasonable targets. The premises for calculating these objectives were: a) to increase diversity in those areas where 
the ratio has been consistently lower; b) to understand the idiosyncrasies of each area and geography; c) to respect a reasonable but 
challenging proportion of women entering management level. This process has also relied on the collaboration and validation of the 
Talent & Culture teams from all the areas and geographies involved.
The objectives were subsequently approved by the Board of Directors through the Remuneration Committee as described in the 
chapter “Quality employment and competitive remuneration ”.
As this is a strategic objective of Talent & Culture, it is monitored monthly by BBVA's diversity team and reported quarterly to Senior 
Management. The Group Executive Chair and Chief Executive Officer periodically review the data on the trend in this KPI at the 
different levels of the organization, with the aim of evaluating whether the measures applied are yielding positive results .
Additionally, and as indicated in the introduction to this chapter, all positive impacts on employees affect their commitment to the 
Group, which BBVA measures annually through the Gallup survey.
Gender diversity metrics
In terms of gender diversity, in 2024 and 2023 women achieved the following percentages of representation:
REPRESENTATION OF WOMEN IN BBVA GROUP (PERCENTAGE %)
2024
2023
Women in the Board of Directors
 46.7 
 40.0 
Women in Senior Management
 22.2 
 23.5 
Women in Senior Management and Top Management
 23.8 
 23.5 
Women in the Management Team
 35.4 
 34.7 
Women in the Management Team (including office directors)
 43.1 
 42.2 
Women in Business Generation and Profit-Making Positions
 57.9 
 57.6 
Women in STEM Positions
 30.7 
 30.6 
Women in Middle Management Positions
 29.2 
 26.6 
Women in Junior Management Positions
 35.7 
 35.1 
The gender distribution of the Board of Directors and Senior Management for 2024 and 2023 is shown in the following table74:
DISTRIBUTION OF MEMBERS OF THE BOARD OF DIRECTORS AND SENIOR MANAGEMENT BY GENDER (BBVA GROUP. 
NUMBER)
2024
2023
Male
Female
Male
Female
Board of Directors
8
7
9
6
Senior Management
14
4
13
4
Consolidated Management Report Consolidated Non-financial Information Statement
135
This English version is a translation of the original in Spanish for information purposes only. In case of a discrepancy, the Spanish original will prevail.
74 For the purposes of diversity calculations, executive directors have been included in both the calculation of the Board of Directors and that of Senior management.

3.1.4
Labor rights75
Regulatory framework
Working conditions, as well as the rights and obligations of employees in the workplace, are set out in regulations, collective 
agreements and individual or collective agreements, in accordance with the various regulations in force in the countries in which 
BBVA is present.
In accordance with the above, the regulatory framework governing the conditions of the entire workforce is as follows:
–
Employment regulations applicable in each of the geographies in which the bank is present in form of laws, regulations or 
standards issued by the competent bodies in each geography and are applicable to all workers in each geography.
–
Sectoral agreements with the unions of each sector. These agreements must respect applicable labor regulations but may 
improve upon what is provided for in them. For example, in Spain the Banking Collective Agreement is negotiated in the 
banking sector and applies to its employees, and this is the one that applies to BBVA, S.A.
–
Bilateral agreements between the bank and the trade unions that exist at each of the group's companies. These agreements 
must comply with the provisions of the sector regulations or agreements (points a and b), but may improve upon what is 
provided for therein.
–
Unilateral measures carried out by each entity to improve what is provided for in the previous aspects.
To ensure compliance with all legal requirements, carry out bargaining processes and monitor the effectiveness of the measures 
agreed upon, there are permanent local Advisory and Labor Relations teams set up in each geographical area. At some companies 
that do not have local teams, advisory services are arranged with external law firms or lawyers specialized in the subject. Additionally, 
there is a global team with a cross-cutting vision of labor issues that provides guidelines and strategic advice to local teams.
The agreements described are updated as frequently as required by regulations or as determined by the negotiating parties. The 
employment conditions and rights of people working at BBVA are duly communicated through the usual channels that each entity 
maintains with its employees (Intranet, e-cards, Talent & Culture portal, forums, etc.), in employment contracts and even in the 
onboarding programs provided to new hires. The introductory section on “Own workforce” describes, in greater detail, the 
communication channels available to employees.
These labor regulations, which govern the obligations and rights of workers, cover a wide variety of aspects of working conditions 
such as working hours, holidays and leave (paid or not), types of contracts, disciplinary system, remuneration and benefits, etc.
At the Group, 43% of workers are subject to the provisions of the various collective agreements and conventions (described in the 
second and third points of the previous regulatory scheme), while the remaining 57% are subject to the conditions agreed with the 
workers themselves.  
Unionization and collective bargaining
Employees in geographical areas where applicable regulations so provide may freely exercise their right to union membership and 
activity. The agreements and collective bargaining agreements signed with trade union organizations regulate aspects related to the 
internal taxonomy of human rights drawn up within the framework of the Human Rights Due Diligence (thematic block of rights and 
labor relations, sections 6 and 7 of Annex 2 of the Human Rights Action Plan ). For more information on this exercise, see the section 
“Human rights due diligence”.
100% of the Group's employees in Spain (with the exception of Senior Management) are subject to the provisions of sector-specific 
collective agreements, which are sometimes supplemented by company-level collective agreements that develop and improve upon 
the provisions of said agreements, and which are signed with the employees’ representatives at those companies that have such 
representation. It is the responsibility of the negotiating parties to establish the duration of the agreements.
In Spain, all workers have the right to freely join a union and to engage in union activities. Any rule or decision that entails any type of 
discrimination based on membership or non-membership of a union, or the exercise of union activities in general, will be null and void. 
Workers' representatives are elected every four years by personal, free, direct and secret suffrage, and are informed of any relevant 
changes that may occur in the working organization at the company, in accordance with the terms provided for in current legislation.
In Mexico and Peru, the Collective Labor Agreement regulates the working conditions of workers who freely decide to unionize, while 
the working conditions of non-unionized workers are regulated in individual employment contracts and internal company policies.
In Colombia, there are two types of collective agreements that regulate the working conditions of all bank employees. First, there is 
the Collective Agreement, which applies to employees who freely decide to join a union and is signed between the bank and the union 
organizations, and second, the Collective Pact, which applies to non-unionized employees and is signed between the bank and those 
workers not affiliated with any union. The agreements run for three years. Both groups of workers, unionized and non-unionized, 
maintain fluid and direct dialogue with BBVA.
Consolidated Management Report Consolidated Non-financial Information Statement
136
This English version is a translation of the original in Spanish for information purposes only. In case of a discrepancy, the Spanish original will prevail.
75 The information referred to in this chapter covers companies that represent 98.0% of the Group's official workforce, as it does not include the companies BBVA Agencia 
Insurances Colombia, BBVA Insurances Grales Colombia, BBVA Valores Colombia, Openpay Colombia, Movistar Consumer Finance Colombia, SAS, BBVA Red Exterior de 
oficinas, BBVA Brasil, BCO. Investimento, BBVA Holding Chile, SA, BBVA Foundation Mexico, AC, Distrito Castellana Norte (DCN), Garantibank International NV, Garanti Bank SA 
(Romania), Ralfi IFN SA, Motoractive IFN SA, Garanti Bank G, Motoractive Multiservices SRL, Garanti Kultur / SALT.

In the case of Argentina, Uruguay and Venezuela, the collective agreement applies to 100% of the workforce (with the exception of 
members of Senior Management) regardless of whether they are unionized or not. They maintain fluid communication with the 
internal union commissions at the local level and with the sections of the banking association at the national level. In Uruguay, a 
collective agreement negotiation process was carried out in 2024 with the unions with the aim of adapting working conditions to 
reflect the current situation, prioritizing innovation, flexibility, and recognition of the contribution of value and which culminated in the 
signing of the agreement.
In Portugal, the collective agreement applies to 100% of the BBVA Portugal workforce, while at BBVA Institución Financiera CR the 
working conditions of employees are applied in accordance with what is agreed in the employment contracts and internal policy.
In Turkey, the United States, Chile, Switzerland and Bolivia there are no union representatives, so the working conditions of workers 
are applied according to what is agreed in the employment contracts and the internal policy of each company.
COLLECTIVE BARGAINING COVERAGE AND SOCIAL DIALOGUE (BBVA GROUP)
Collective Bargaining Coverage
Social dialogue
Coverage Rate
Employees – EEA
(for countries with >50 empl. 
representing >10% total empl.)
Employees – Non-EEA
(estimate for regions with >50 
empl. representing >10% total 
empl)
Workplace representation (EEA 
only)
(for countries with >50 empl. 
representing >10% total empl)
0-19%
Turkey
20-39%
Mexico
40-59%
South America
60-79%
80-100%
Spain
Spain
Maternity and paternity-related leave
In Spain (BBVA, S.A.), in order to protect the period of pregnancy and child care, affected workers may shorten their working hours 
by reducing the time of a midday break or reducing the work day by one hour. The enjoyment of leave for infant care is improved, so 
that if this is through a reduction in working hours, the time of the reduction is extended from half an hour to one hour, and if it is 
enjoyed in the form of accumulated leave, the period for taking this leave is extended until the child is twelve months old instead of 
nine. During maternity or paternity leave, BBVA supplements the economic benefits up to 100% of the usual salary, and upon return, 
both the mother and the non-gestational parent can convert their split shift day into a continuous one until the child is twelve months 
old (an option that also extends to cases of adoption of a child up to five years of age. The period to be able to enjoy a reduction in 
working hours is extended from when the child turns twelve until the end of the school year. And in the event of the birth or adoption 
of a disabled child, employees may have twenty-two days' leave, reduce their working hours or have additional flexibility to that which 
generally exists in working hours.
In BBVA Mexico, parental leave for the birth of a child is extended by 20 working days for fathers and by 28 for mothers. In cases of 
adoption, parental leave is extended by seventy days for the mother and thirty for the father. In Colombia, parental leave is also 
extended by ten working days. In both countries, these days of parental leave are added to the days contemplated in their local 
legislation.
In Turkey (Garanti Bank), paternity leave is extended by five additional days with pay, in addition to the five statutory days.
For employees of BBVA Peru, BBVA Argentina and BBVA Switzerland, paternity leave is extended by twenty calendar days, thirty 
calendar days and ten working days respectively. At BBVA Banco Argentina, in cases of premature birth, the mother is entitled to paid 
leave for the same number of days that the birth occurred early. Additionally, in the event of the birth or adoption of a disabled child, 
paternity and maternity leave is extended by sixty calendar days.
Additionally, BBVA offers its employees the possibility of enjoying certain permits to care for family members for health reasons, with 
varying degrees of coverage depending on the specifics of local legislation and public systems. In this regard, Spain, Mexico, 
Colombia, Argentina, Peru, Uruguay, Venezuela, Switzerland and Portugal have a range of licenses/leaves that can be taken for this 
purpose with different levels of remuneration, as well as specific financial aid.
WORK-LIFE BALANCE (BBVA GROUP)
2024
2023
Number
%
Number
%
The total number of employees who have been 
entitled to family leave (1)
 100 (3) 
 100 (2) 
The total number of employees who have taken 
leave for family reasons (1) (2)
3,916
3,691
   Of which men:
1,744
1,585
   Of which women:
2,172
2,106
(1) Family leave includes paternity and maternity leave for birth and adoption of children.
(2) The data is provided as a number and not as a percentage, since the percentage is not significant.
(3) In the case of the USA, 100% of the workforce is eligible but there is a minimum length of service of 1 year required.
Consolidated Management Report Consolidated Non-financial Information Statement
137
This English version is a translation of the original in Spanish for information purposes only. In case of a discrepancy, the Spanish original will prevail.

Flexible work model (remote working)
In 2024, BBVA maintained the flexible work model in those functions where it is viable, with a general model that consists of working 
a minimum of 60% of the working day in person and a maximum of 40% remotely, although there are adaptations to this model, 
depending, among other factors, on the local legislation of each country or by the type of function performed. 
This voluntary work model, which is generally reversible for both BBVA and the employee, is based on flexibility, responsibility and 
trust in people. While respecting the flexibility to specify the days of remote work, efforts are made to coordinate the people who 
make up the work teams so as to help make sure that they work together at the same time, in the belief that closeness between 
people is key to building solid and cohesive teams. 
BBVA believes that this benefit also allows for better organization of work, since the employee distributes his work time in a more 
efficient way, with a positive influence on his satisfaction, commitment and productivity.
Digital disconnection
The right to digital disconnection is included in the different regulations and internal policies of each country. It is recognized it as a 
fundamental right for achieving a better organization of working time in order to respect private and family life, to improve the 
reconciliation of personal, family and work life and to help optimize of workers' occupational health.
To promote disconnection, initiatives have been carried out such as not sending emails, not calling meetings after certain hours in the 
afternoon or during weekends and holidays or not calling meetings one afternoon a week to dedicate that time to task planning and 
individual work. Workers are reminded of these measures through regular communications.
3.1.5
Occupational health and safety76
BBVA considers the positive contribution to the safety, health and physical integrity of its employees as a basic principle for improving 
the work environment.
Prevention of occupational risks
The Group's occupational risk prevention model is regulated by local rules, conventions and agreements in the geographies in which 
BBVA is present. In all cases, employees have the right to consult and get involved in these matters, which is exercised and articulated 
through union or stakeholder representation on the various existing committees. The percentage of Group employees represented on 
health and safety committees is 99.8%.
BBVA's Occupational Risk Prevention Management System: (1) identifies and assesses risks, establishes the criteria, methods and 
resources that ensure the effectiveness of the management system; (2) analyzes the results obtained; and (3) implements actions to 
improve processes and the system. This system complies with the requirements of the OSHAS 18001:2007 standard. Some 
geographies are already certified according to ISO 45.001 (for example, Argentina), which adopts a proactive approach to risk 
assessment, while others, such as Spain, are in the process of certification.
As a cornerstone of this system, the Group has an Occupational Risk Prevention Plan, which is integrated into the Group's general 
management system. It has also an occupational risk prevention policy implemented annually through actions and with specific 
objectives for action in this area. Among these actions, BBVA includes: occupational risk assessments (including psychosocial risks); 
specific assessments of particularly sensitive personnel and pregnant workers; training and information for workers; safety 
inspections, investigation and reporting of accidents; actions to coordinate business activities for works and services; health 
surveillance through medical examinations; preventive health campaigns as well as satisfaction surveys.
There is also an Emergency Action Plan that includes guidelines for dealing with possible emergencies, determines the necessary 
people who, duly organized and trained, guarantee speed and efficiency in the actions to be undertaken and offer information to the 
users of the facilities on how they should act in the event of an emergency, while also ensuring coordination with external services.
Consolidated Management Report Consolidated Non-financial Information Statement
138
This English version is a translation of the original in Spanish for information purposes only. In case of a discrepancy, the Spanish original will prevail.
76 Information provided to comply with explicit requirements of Law 11/2018. The information referred to in this chapter includes entities that represent 97.2% of the official 
workforce as the following entities are not included: AFP Previsión, AnidaPort Invest. Inmobiliarios, BBVA Agencia Seguros Colombia, BBVA Asset Management SGIIC, BBVA 
Bancomer SA: Houston Agenc, BBVA Brasil Bco. Investimento, BBVA Broker SA Correduria de Seguros, BBVA Consumer Finance EDPYME, BBVA Global Wealth Advisors, Inc, 
BBVA Holding Chile S.A, BBVA Institución financiera CR, BBVA Mediación, BBVA Pensiones, S.A. E.G.F.P., BBVA Perú Holding S.A.C., BBVA Portugal, BBVA Re Inhouse, Cia. 
Reaseguro, BBVA Red Exterior de Oficinas, BBVA Securities New York, BBVA Seguros, S.A., BBVA Servicios, S.A.U., Bilbao Vizcaya Investments, S.A.U., Comercializadora 
corporativa, Contents Area, S.L., Continental  Titulizadora, Continental Bolsa Sociedad AGE, Distrito Castellana Norte (DCN), Ecasa S.A., Emprendimientos de valor S.A., Europea 
de Titulizacion, Forum Distribuidora de Peru, Forum Distribuidora S.A., Forum Servicios Financieros S.A., Gestion Prevision y Pensiones, Gestion y Administracion de Re, Gran 
Jorge Juan S.A., Hans Factory S.L., Inmuebles y Recuperaciones, Madiva Soluciones S.L., Movistar Consumer Finance Colombia S.A.S., Openpay Colombia, Openpay Perú S.A, 
Opplus Lima, Provivienda, Sociedad Administradora Fondos, Sociedad Peruana de Financiamientos S.A.C.

The following data on absenteeism are provided:
VOLUME AND TYPE OF EMPLOYEES ABSENTEEISM (BBVA GROUP) (1)
2024
2023 (2)
Total
Male
Female
Total
Male
Female
Number of absences due to common 
illness and work-related accidents 
(including accidents on the way to and 
from work).
46,159
19,328
26,831
32,794
11,224
21,570
Number of days of absenteeism due to 
common illness and absence due to 
occupational accidents (including 
accidents on the way to and from work)
585,820
192,369
393,451
553,206
204,615
348,591
Absenteeism rate (%) (3)
1.3
0.9
1.7
1.3
1.0
1.6
(1) Information provided to comply with explicit requirements of Law 11/2018.
(2) In itinere accidents included only for Mexico.
(3) Absenteeism rate (%): (Number of calendar days lost due to illness -except maternity- and occupational accidents (including in itinere) / divided by 365* number of 
employees) x 100. The figure for 2023 has been recalculated based on this formula and therefore differs from that presented in the 2023 management report.
Injuries due to workplace accidents
WORK-RELATED INJURIES BY GENDER (BBVA GROUP)
2024
2023 (1)
Total
Male
Female
Total
Male
Female
Number of occupational accidents with 
medical leave (excluding in itinere)
280
99
181
278
97
181
Days lost due to work-related injuries and 
fatalities (number)
5,765
1,679
4,086
9,511
2,704
6,807
Frequency rate (2)
1.3
0.9
1.6
1.3
0.9
1.6
Severity rate (3)
0.03
0.02
0.04
0.04
0.03
0.06
Incidence rate (4)
2.3
1.7
2.9
2.4
1.7
3.0
(1) The 2023 figure has been recalculated to exclude in itinere accidents in Mexico that had been included in error and therefore differs from that presented in the 2023 
management report.
(2) Occupational accident frequency rate: accidents per million hours worked.
 Calculated as No. of accidents with medical leave x 1,000,000 / divided by No. of hours worked.
* Only accidents with medical leave are considered.
* Accidents in itinere are not considered.
* Relapses are not considered.
* The number of hours worked is calculated as average number of employees during the year x number of hours per year.
(3) Severity or seriousness index of accidents at work: days lost per 1,000 hours worked.
It is calculated as number of days lost x 1,000 / divided by number of hours worked. 
* Accidents with sick leave are considered.
* Accidents in itinere are not considered.
* Relapses are not considered.
* The number of hours worked is calculated as average number of employees during the year x number of hours per year.
(4) Incidence rate: accidents per thousand workers.
 It is calculated as number of accidents with sick leave x 1000 / divided by the number of workers.
* Accidents with sick leave are considered.
* Accidents in itinere are not considered.
* Relapses are not considered.
* For the number of employees the average workforce is considered.
WORK-RELATED ACCIDENTS AND OCCUPATIONAL ILLNESSES BY GENDER (BBVA GROUP) 
2024
2023
Total
Male
Female
Total
Male
Female
Deaths resulting from occupational accidents and 
occupational diseases (number)
1
1
—
2
2
—
Cases of work-related health problems (cases of 
occupational diseases)
6
1
5
4
1
3
Health and wellness program
BBVA's Health and Wellbeing program is made up of two pillars: Work Better and Enjoy life. The tagline “You Move Us” is a set of 
initiatives that aim to care for the people who are part of BBVA, providing the necessary empowerment for them to be the 
protagonists of their own health.
Consolidated Management Report Consolidated Non-financial Information Statement
139
This English version is a translation of the original in Spanish for information purposes only. In case of a discrepancy, the Spanish original will prevail.

The “Work Better” axis fosters a culture based on engagement, trust and respect for others’ time to achieve the best productivity and 
efficiency and optimal use of working time. Digital disconnection, work flexibility, active listening and efficient meetings are promoted.
The “Enjoy Life” axis focuses on the comprehensive health and well-being of the staff, in line with the United Nations and WHO 2030 
Agenda, and has been undertaken through two main pillars:
1.
Mind (mental health / stress management). Various initiatives have been carried out: informative conferences attended by 
more than 10,000 employees, workshops and courses on emotional management and the implementation of a 
psychological support program for employees and their cohabiting family members, which has proved to be very popular. 
Workshops have been held on anxiety management, help with digital disconnection, positive psychology, mindfulness, a 
reading club, knitting, etc. Additionally, adequate sleep hygiene has been promoted among employees through 
conferences, courses, workshops and sleep studies.
2.
Body. Campaigns have been carried out cancer prevention, food and nutrition, and to promote physical exercise, prevent 
neurodegenerative diseases, address migraines in the workplace, prevent diabetes, and vaccinate against influenza, Covid, 
dengue, etc., reinforced with courses, workshops and conferences delivered by renowned experts in the field. These events 
have had greater emphasis when they have coincided with the celebration of the corresponding World Days.
In addition, this program is complemented by the following local initiatives per country in 2024:
–
In Spain (BBVA, S.A.) pays special attention to the early detection of different types of cancer. During 2024, the prostate-
specific antigen tests for the detection of prostate cancer and the dermatoscopic study for the detection of skin cancer 
were notable examples. Tonometry and retinographies for the early detection of eye pathologies and nutritional campaigns 
were also carried out so that each employee can know their body composition and receive specific recommendations on 
how to improve it. Additionally, a genetic campaign for hereditary diseases has been carried out, permanent preventive 
campaigns were carried out on the control of modifiable cardiovascular risk factors (smoking cessation, control of 
hypertension, diabetes, obesity, etc.), stroke prevention, vaccination and blood donation campaigns, alongside with official 
bodies.
–
At BBVA Mexico, in addition to medical check-ups, a comprehensive health program was carried out with the involvement 
of some 12,000 employees in a survey that assessed eating habits, sleep quality, mental health and smoking. The results 
were used to define and launch initiatives such as: delivery of personalized recommendations based on the results of the 
survey, healthy snacks and menus, free classes to encourage physical exercise at the offices, and eye health campaigns 
with the possibility of purchasing glasses at a special discount.
–
In Turkey, Garanti Bank placed considerable focus on raising employee awareness of the importance of early detection of 
different types of cancer, carrying out specific campaigns for cervical cancer, lung cancer and breast cancer, as well as 
information on insurance coverage to cover the cost in relation to early detection tests for these types of cancers.
–
BBVA Peru highlights included the campaigns carried out to promote physical exercise, including interdepartmental 
Olympics, and actions related to cancer prevention. The unit also has an advanced lactation room that promotes 
breastfeeding and the reconciliation of professional and personal life.
–
BBVA Colombia conducted training campaigns on self-care and general health and well-being. It also provides employees 
with tools to connect with their life purpose as a means of self-care for their mental health and encourages the development 
of positive emotions as a coping strategy for everyday life.
–
BBVA Banco Argentina held tournaments to promote teamwork and physical activity, and also encouraged healthy breaks 
during the work day. Employees were offered free fruit to promote a balanced diet. Furthermore, the overall well-being of 
employees was promoted, including their children, through well-being actions with initiatives such as celebrating a Family 
Day or workshops explaining how to address certain aspects of childhood and adolescence. A preventive campaign was also 
carried out to detect skin cancer.
–
At BBVA Venezuela, screening tests have been carried out for various pathologies, focusing on hypertension and diabetes. 
Free vaccinations were offered to its employees, dentistry sessions were held, blood donation campaigns were organized 
and the culture of postural hygiene and the prevention of musculoskeletal pathologies were reinforced. Likewise, sessions 
dedicated exclusively to women's health were held.
The effectiveness of these actions in improving the health and well-being of BBVA employees is evaluated in two ways, 
depending on the type of action:
–
Through participant satisfaction surveys (NPS). For example, during the Wellness Week held globally, employees in Spain 
gave a score of 9.25 out of 10 to the sports activities. In Mexico, 92% of employees said they were very satisfied with having 
taken part in the activities and 94% said that, after that week, they have more tools and notice a positive impact on their 
well-being.
–
In some cases, tangible results can be measured, for example, in Spain, first, in the personalized nutritional advice 
campaign, 60% of the employees who participated succeeded in improving their body composition, reducing fat and/or 
increasing muscle mass, and second, in the genetic campaign for hereditary diseases, nine cardiovascular mutations and 
two atherosclerotic mutations were detected.
There are two platforms for the dissemination of content related to health and well-being, which are accessible to all Group 
employees, demonstrating BBVA's commitment to promoting health and safety at work:
–
The Work Better / Enjoy life portal, where employees can find the latest news on health and well-being: current campaigns, 
conferences and workshops, upcoming events, most visited resources, etc.
–
The Occupational Health Portal is structured into eight main blocks: (1) healthy work environment, including remote 
working; (2) healthy living with information on nutrition, physical exercise, sleep hygiene, etc., to lead a healthy life; (3) 
prevention of pathologies, such as cardiovascular risk, diabetes, eye pathologies and cancer; (4) procedures to follow in the 
event of an occupational accident, medical examinations, pregnancy, etc.; (5) road safety; (6) “Women, your health is your 
best gift”, with specific preventive information for women at all stages; (7) health conferences; (8) risk assessment and 
emergency measures. The portal also contains information on first aid and steps to take in the event of an emergency, as 
well as information on the specific risks associated with remote working and how to prevent them.
Consolidated Management Report Consolidated Non-financial Information Statement
140
This English version is a translation of the original in Spanish for information purposes only. In case of a discrepancy, the Spanish original will prevail.

3.1.6
Workforce characteristics
The most significant information on the workforce is provided below. The data have been prepared based on the number of people as 
of December 31, 2024 and 2023 unless another date is explicitly indicated.
The most relevant line of The BBVA Group's consolidated income statement where financial data related to its employees are 
collected is “Personnel expenses”, included within “Administration costs”. 
EMPLOYEES BY COUNTRY (BBVA GROUP)
Country
2024
2023 (1)
Spain
28,854
27,410
Mexico
48,893
46,891
Turkey
21,126
20,452
South America
23,773
23,679
Argentina
6,182
5,996
Bolivia
58
109
Brazil
34
6
Colombia
6,554
6,830
Chile
773
786
Peru
7,782
7,547
Uruguay
553
573
Venezuela
1,837
1,832
Rest
3,270
3,054
Germany
62
47
Belgium
16
19
China (2)
154
131
Chipre
98
111
South Korea
2
2
United Arab Emirates
1
1
The United States
513
405
France
77
75
India
2
2
Indonesia
2
2
Italy
85
65
Japan
8
6
Malta
14
14
Netherlands
249
239
Portugal
421
429
United Kingdom
234
154
Romania
1,177
1,200
Singapore
16
16
Switzerland
125
124
Taiwan
14
12
Total
125,916
121,486
(1) Data for 2023 differs from that published in the 2023 Consolidated Non-financial Information Statement because Garanti Group employees located in Cyprus, Malta, the 
Netherlands and Romania have been included in “Rest”. 
(2) Includes employees of BBVA entities in China and Hong Kong. 
EMPLOYEES BY GENDER (BBVA GROUP)
Gender
2024
2023
Male
60,999
58,501
Female
64,917
62,985
Other
–
–
Not reported
–
–
Total
125,916
121,486
Consolidated Management Report Consolidated Non-financial Information Statement
141
This English version is a translation of the original in Spanish for information purposes only. In case of a discrepancy, the Spanish original will prevail.

EMPLOYEES BY GENDER AND GEOGRAPHICAL AREA (BBVA GROUP)
2024
2023 (1)
Number of 
employees
Male
Female
Number of 
employees
Male
Female
Spain
28,854
14,575
14,279
27,410
13,709
13,701
Mexico
48,893
24,240
24,653
46,891
23,122
23,769
Turkey
21,126
9,558
11,568
20,452
9,216
11,236
South America
23,773
11,059
12,714
23,679
11,011
12,668
Rest
3,270
1,567
1,703
3,054
1,443
1,611
Total
 
125,916  
60,999  
64,917  
121,486  
58,501  
62,985 
(1) The data for 2023 differ from those published in the Consolidated Non-financial Information Statement for 2023 due to the fact that employees of the Garanti Group , who are 
located in Cyprus, Malta, the Netherlands and Romania, have been included in "Rest".
DISTRIBUTION OF EMPLOYEES BY TYPE OF CONTRACT, GENDER AND GEOGRAPHICAL AREA
(BBVA GROUP. PERCENTAGE %) (1)
2024
2023 (2)
On the total number 
of employees
Male
Female
On the total number 
of employees
Male
Female
Spain
Permanent employee. Full-time
 99.5 
 50.6 
 49.5 
 99.2 
 50.0 
 50.0 
Permanent employee. Part-time
 0.1 
 15.8 
 84.2 
 0.1 
 14.3 
 85.7 
Temporary employee
 0.4 
 47.9 
 52.1 
 0.7 
 49.8 
 50.3 
Mexico
Permanent employee. Full-time
 94.1 
 49.5 
 50.5 
 93.4 
 48.9 
 51.1 
Permanent employee. Part-time
 — 
 100.0 
 — 
 — 
 — 
 — 
Temporary employee
 5.9 
 51.2 
 48.8 
 6.6 
 54.8 
 45.2 
Turkey
Permanent employee. Full-time
 99.2 
 45.1 
 54.9 
 98.9 
 44.9 
 55.1 
Permanent employee. Part-time
 — 
 — 
 — 
 — 
 — 
 — 
Temporary employee
 0.9 
 58.1 
 41.9 
 1.1 
 58.4 
 41.6 
South America
Permanent employee. Full-time
 93.8 
 47.2 
 52.8 
 94.3 
 47.1 
 52.9 
Permanent employee. Part-time
 0.7 
 45.2 
 54.8 
 0.8 
 37.1 
 62.9 
Temporary employee
 5.5 
 34.5 
 65.5 
 5.0 
 36.0 
 64.1 
Rest 
Permanent employee. Full-time
 96.9 
 48.2 
 51.8 
 97.0 
 47.4 
 52.6 
Permanent employee. Part-time
 0.5 
 11.8 
 88.2 
 0.6 
 5.9 
 94.1 
Temporary employee
 2.6 
 45.2 
 54.8 
 2.4 
 51.4 
 48.7 
Group average
Permanent employee. Full-time
 96.2 
 48.5 
 51.5 
 95.9 
 48.1 
 51.9 
Permanent employee. Part-time
 0.2 
 39.7 
 60.3 
 0.2 
 32.6 
 67.4 
Temporary employee
 3.7 
 46.5 
 53.5 
 3.9 
 50.1 
 49.9 
(1) Information provided to comply with explicit requirements of Law 11/2018.
(2) The data for 2023 differ from those published in the Consolidated Non-financial Information Statement for 2023 due to the fact that employees of the Garanti Group , who are 
located in Cyprus, Malta, the Netherlands and Romania, have been included in "Rest".
Consolidated Management Report Consolidated Non-financial Information Statement
142
This English version is a translation of the original in Spanish for information purposes only. In case of a discrepancy, the Spanish original will prevail.

 DISTRIBUTION OF EMPLOYEES BY TYPE OF CONTRACT AND GENDER (BBVA GROUP. NUMBER)
2024
2023
Female
Male
Other
Not reported
Total
Female
Male
Other
Not reported
Total
Number of employees
64,917
60,999
—
—
125,916
62,985
58,501
—
—
121,486
Number of permanent salaried employees
62,457
58,864
—
—
121,321
60,607
56,116
—
—
116,723
Number of temporary salaried employees
2,460
2,135
—
—
4,595
2,378
2,385
—
—
4,763
Number of non-guaranteed hourly wage earners
—
—
—
—
—
—
—
—
—
—
EMPLOYEE DISTRIBUTION BY AGE STAGES AND GEOGRAPHIC AREA (BBVA GROUP. NUMBER)
2024
 2023 (1) (2)
Average 
age
<30
30-50
>50
Average 
age
<30
30-50
>50
Spain
44
2,759
18,718
7,377
44
2,323
18,878
6,209
Mexico
35
14,737
30,843
3,313
35
15,120
28,625
3,146
Turkey
35
5,440
14,895
791
35
5,006
14,813
633
South America
38
5,626
14,628
3,519
38
5,666
14,412
3,601
Rest
42
434
2,010
826
43
358
1,913
784
Total
37.8
28,996
81,094
15,826
37.7
28,473
78,641
14,373
(1) Data for 2023 differs from that published in the 2023 Consolidated Non-Financial Information Statement, as the age brackets have been aligned with ESRS requirements.
(2) The data for 2023 differ from those published in the Consolidated Non-financial Information Statement for 2023 due to the fact that employees of the Garanti Group , who are 
located in Cyprus, Malta, the Netherlands and Romania, have been included in "Rest".
Consolidated Management Report Consolidated Non-financial Information Statement
143
This English version is a translation of the original in Spanish for information purposes only. In case of a discrepancy, the Spanish original will prevail.

DISTRIBUTION OF EMPLOYEES BY PROFESSIONAL CATEGORY, AGE BRACKET AND GEOGRAPHICAL AREA (BBVA 
GROUP. PERCENTAGE %) (1)
2024
2023 (2) (3)
On the total 
number of 
employees
<30
30-50
>50
On the total 
number of 
employees
<30
30-50
>50
Spain
Management team (4)
 6.9 
 — 
 54.0 
 46.0 
 6.8 
 — 
 60.0 
 40.0 
Managers
 36.4 
 1.7 
 73.4 
 24.9 
 38.0 
 1.6 
 78.1 
 20.3 
Rest of employees
 56.7 
 15.8 
 60.7 
 23.5 
 55.2 
 14.3 
 63.6 
 22.1 
Mexico
Management team (4)
 3.2 
 0.8 
 72.4 
 26.9 
 3.2 
 1.3 
 71.6 
 27.1 
Managers
 31.3 
 21.1 
 70.3 
 8.6 
 31.4 
 23.4 
 68.2 
 8.4 
Rest of employees
 65.5 
 35.9 
 59.2 
 4.9 
 65.4 
 38.0 
 57.1 
 4.9 
Turkey
Management team (4)
 3.5 
 0.1 
 78.7 
 21.1 
 3.3 
 0.2 
 80.9 
 18.9 
Managers
 45.2 
 3.2 
 91.8 
 5.0 
 39.9 
 2.8 
 93.3 
 3.9 
Rest of employees
 51.3 
 47.3 
 51.2 
 1.5 
 56.7 
 41.2 
 57.2 
 1.6 
South America
Management team (4)
 4.3 
 — 
 70.1 
 29.9 
 4.1 
 0.3 
 70.4 
 29.3 
Managers
 28.8 
 12.5 
 71.1 
 16.4 
 28.0 
 12.7 
 70.7 
 16.6 
Rest of employees
 66.9 
 30.0 
 56.9 
 13.2 
 67.9 
 30.0 
 56.2 
 13.8 
Rest
Management team (4)
 15.3 
 0.2 
 57.4 
 42.4 
 14.3 
 0.2 
 58.9 
 40.8 
Managers
 27.3 
 4.0 
 70.5 
 25.5 
 25.3 
 3.5 
 71.4 
 25.1 
Rest of employees
 57.4 
 21.2 
 58.3 
 20.6 
 60.4 
 17.9 
 59.8 
 22.3 
Group average
Management team (4)
 4.6 
 0.2 
 65.2 
 34.6 
 4.5 
 0.4 
 67.6 
 32.0 
Managers
 34.2 
 10.7 
 76.0 
 13.4 
 33.5 
 11.6 
 76.2 
 12.2 
Rest of employees
 61.2 
 31.7 
 57.9 
 10.5 
 62.0 
 31.5 
 58.3 
 10.2 
(1) Information provided to comply with explicit requirements of Law 11/2018.
(2) 2023 data differs from that published in the 2023 Consolidated Non-financial Information Statement as the age brackets have been aligned with ESRS requirements.
(3) Data for 2023 differs from that published in the 2023 Consolidated Non-financial Information Statement  due to the fact that Garanti Group employees located in Cyprus, 
Malta, the Netherlands and Romania have been included in “Rest”.
(4) The management team includes the highest range of the Group´s management.
Consolidated Management Report Consolidated Non-financial Information Statement
144
This English version is a translation of the original in Spanish for information purposes only. In case of a discrepancy, the Spanish original will prevail.

EMPLOYEE DISTRIBUTION BY PROFESSIONAL CATEGORY AND TYPE OF CONTRACT (BBVA GROUP. NUMBER) (1)
2024
2023 (2)
Permanent 
employee Full-
time
Permanent 
employee Part-
time
Temporary 
employee
Permanent 
employee Full-
time
Permanent 
employee Part-
time
Temporary 
employee
Spain
Management team (3)
 
1,990  
—  
1  
1,866  
—  
1 
Managers
 
10,504  
1  
2  
10,419  
2  
2 
Rest of employees
 
16,222  
18  
116  
14,901  
19  
200 
Mexico
Management team (3)
 
1,562  
—  
4  
1,489  
—  
6 
Managers
 
14,859  
—  
460  
14,002  
—  
727 
Rest of employees
 
29,575  
1  
2,432  
28,311  
—  
2,356 
Turkey
Management team (3)
 
729  
—  
—  
681  
—  
— 
Managers
 
9,558  
—  
—  
8,169  
—  
— 
Rest of employees
 
10,660  
—  
179  
11,376  
—  
226 
South America
Management team (3)
 
1,023  
—  
1  
964  
—  
— 
Managers
 
6,823  
—  
13  
6,621  
—  
12 
Rest of employees
 
14,453  
157  
1,303  
14,737  
186  
1,159 
Rest
Management team (3)
 
498  
1  
1  
433  
1  
2 
Managers
 
892  
1  
1  
769  
1  
3 
Rest of employees
 
1,779  
15  
82  
1,761  
15  
69 
Total Group
Management team (3)
 
5,802  
1  
7  
5,433  
1  
9 
Managers
 
42,636  
2  
476  
39,980  
3  
744 
Rest of employees
 
72,689  
191  
4,112  
71,086  
220  
4,010 
(1) Information provided to comply with explicit requirements of Law 11/2018.
(2) Data for 2023 differs from that published in the 2023 Consolidated Non-financial Information Statement due to the fact that Garanti Group employees located in Cyprus, 
Malta, the Netherlands and Romania have been included in “Rest”.
(3) The management team includes the highest range of the Group´s management.
In 2024, the annual average of full-time permanent contracts, part-time77 permanent contracts and temporary contracts has been 
96.0%, 0.2% and 3.8%, respectively (in 2023, 95.2%, 0.2% and 4.6%, respectively). In absolute terms, the annual average for 2024 
has been 118,659 full-time permanent contracts, 201 part-time permanent contracts and 4,741 temporary contracts (in 2023 they 
were 113,235, 226 and 5,525, respectively).78
Consolidated Management Report Consolidated Non-financial Information Statement
145
This English version is a translation of the original in Spanish for information purposes only. In case of a discrepancy, the Spanish original will prevail.
77 Part-time employees include full-time contracts with reduced hours.
78 Information provided to comply with explicit requirements of Law 11/2018. The annual average data are not disclosed by gender, age and professional category since the annual 
average does not differ significantly from the staff data at the end of the financial year provided.

DISCHARGE OF EMPLOYEES BY DISCHARGE TYPE AND GENDER (BBVA GROUP. NUMBER)
2024
2023 (1)
Total
Male
Female
Total
Male
Female
Spain
Retirement and early retirement
186
124
62
162
97
65
Voluntary redundancies 
19
10
9
28
17
11
Resignations
587
335
252
566
335
231
Dismissals
67
50
17
92
50
42
Others (2)
664
285
379
670
230
440
Mexico
Retirement and early retirement
366
219
147
272
146
126
Voluntary redundancies 
2
2
—
68
34
34
Resignations
2,254
1,116
1,138
2,577
1,219
1,358
Dismissals
2,378
1,264
1,114
2,507
1,408
1,099
Others (2)
631
377
254
779
440
339
Turkey
Retirement and early retirement
1
1
—
1
1
—
Voluntary redundancies 
211
111
100
112
68
44
Resignations
1,396
636
760
1,363
616
747
Dismissals
8
8
—
13
10
3
Others (2)
1,079
529
550
795
345
450
South America
Retirement and early retirement
104
46
58
43
17
26
Voluntary redundancies 
63
30
33
45
17
28
Resignations
1,788
747
1,041
1,957
781
1,176
Dismissals
1,032
493
539
698
306
392
Others (2)
1,015
479
536
909
377
532
Rest
Retirement and early retirement
30
16
14
22
7
15
Voluntary redundancies 
65
22
43
55
15
40
Resignations
256
97
159
215
72
143
Dismissals
26
18
8
38
27
11
Others (2)
32
20
12
76
23
53
Total Group
14,260
7,035
7,225
14,063
6,658
7,405
Retirement and early retirement
687
406
281
500
268
232
Voluntary redundancies 
360
175
185
308
151
157
Resignations
6,281
2,931
3,350
6,678
3,023
3,655
Dismissals
3,511
1,833
1,678
3,348
1,801
1,547
Others (2)
3,421
1,690
1,731
3,229
1,415
1,814
(1) Data for 2023 differs from that published in the 2023 Consolidated Non-financial Information Statement due to the fact that Garanti Group employees located in Cyprus, 
Malta, the Netherlands and Romania have been included in “Rest”.
(2) Others include terminations, death, leaves of absence and changes in the scope of consolidation.
Consolidated Management Report Consolidated Non-financial Information Statement
146
This English version is a translation of the original in Spanish for information purposes only. In case of a discrepancy, the Spanish original will prevail.

DISCHARGE OF EMPLOYEES BY DISCHARGE TYPE AND AGE STAGES (BBVA GROUP. NUMBER) (1)
2024
2023 (2) (3)
Total
<30
30-50
>50
Total
<30
30-50
>50
Spain
Retirement and early retirement
186
—
2
184
162
—
5
157
Voluntary redundancies 
19
—
5
14
28
—
7
21
Resignations
587
189
378
20
566
185
357
24
Dismissals
67
8
38
21
92
9
66
17
Others (4)
664
176
385
103
670
188
407
75
Mexico
Retirement and early retirement
366
—
—
366
272
—
—
272
Voluntary redundancies 
2
1
1
—
68
34
34
—
Resignations
2,254
937
1,281
36
2,577
1,307
1,241
29
Dismissals
2,378
615
1,635
128
2,507
950
1,481
76
Others (4)
631
322
291
18
779
460
290
29
Turkey
Retirement and early retirement
1
—
1
—
1
—
1
—
Voluntary redundancies 
211
23
130
58
112
11
71
30
Resignations
1,396
778
568
50
1,363
670
657
36
Dismissals
8
6
2
—
13
3
10
—
Others (4)
1,079
544
508
27
795
327
446
22
South America
Retirement and early retirement
104
—
2
102
43
—
3
40
Voluntary redundancies 
63
5
18
40
45
—
11
34
Resignations
1,788
767
986
35
1,957
951
967
39
Dismissals
1,032
186
611
235
698
161
448
89
Others (4)
1,015
355
459
201
909
420
359
130
Rest
Retirement and early retirement
30
—
—
30
22
—
1
21
Voluntary redundancies 
65
16
38
11
55
10
35
10
Resignations
256
51
175
30
215
41
149
25
Dismissals
26
3
12
11
38
2
24
12
Others (4)
32
5
21
6
76
4
58
14
Total Group
14,260
4,987
7,547
1,726
14,063
5,733
7,128
1,202
Retirement and early retirement
687
—
5
682
500
—
10
490
Voluntary redundancies 
360
45
192
123
308
55
158
95
Resignations
6,281
2,722
3,388
171
6,678
3,154
3,371
153
Dismissals
3,511
818
2,298
395
3,348
1,125
2,029
194
Others (4)
3,421
1,402
1,664
355
3,229
1,399
1,560
270
(1) Information provided to comply with explicit requirements of Law 11/2018.
(2) 2023 data differs from that published in the 2023 Consolidated Non-financial Information Statement, as the age brackets have been aligned with ESRS requirements.
(3) Data for 2023 differ from those published in the 2023 Consolidated Non-financial Information Statement because Garanti Group employees located in Cyprus, Malta, the 
Netherlands and Romania have been included in “Other”.
(4) Other includes permanent departures, death, leaves of absence and changes in the scope of consolidation.
Consolidated Management Report Consolidated Non-financial Information Statement
147
This English version is a translation of the original in Spanish for information purposes only. In case of a discrepancy, the Spanish original will prevail.

DISMISSALS BY PROFESSIONAL CATEGORY AND AGE BRACKET (BBVA GROUP. NUMBER) (1)
2024
 2023 (2) (3) 
Total
<30
30-50
>50
Total
<30
30-50
>50
Spain
Management team (4)
6
—
2
4
10
—
3
7
Managers
17
—
14
3
23
—
20
3
Rest of employees
44
8
22
14
59
9
43
7
Mexico
Management team (4)
48
—
37
11
36
—
30
6
Managers
882
192
650
40
1,261
449
783
29
Rest of employees
1,448
423
948
77
1,210
501
668
41
Turkey
Management team (4)
—
—
—
—
—
—
—
—
Managers
2
—
2
—
7
—
7
—
Rest of employees
6
6
—
—
6
3
3
—
South America
Management team (4)
33
—
16
17
25
—
12
13
Managers
382
27
251
104
163
22
110
31
Rest of employees
617
159
344
114
510
139
326
45
Rest
Management team (4)
5
—
1
4
9
—
4
5
Managers
6
—
3
3
17
1
11
5
Rest of employees
15
3
8
4
12
1
9
2
Group average
 
3,511  
818  
2,298  
395  
3,348  
1,125  
2,029  
194 
Management team (4)
92
—
56
36
80
—
49
31
Managers
1,289
219
920
150
1,471
472
931
68
Rest of employees
2,130
599
1,322
209
1,797
653
1,049
95
(1) Information provided to comply with explicit requirements of Law 11/2018. 
(2) 2023 data differs from that published in the 2023 Consolidated Non-financial Information Statement, as the age brackets have been aligned with ESRS requirements. 
(3) Data for 2023 differs from that published in the 2023 Consolidated Non-financial Information Statement due to the fact that Garanti Group employees located in Cyprus, 
Malta, the Netherlands and Romania have been included in “Rest”. 
(4) The management team includes the highest range of the Group´s management. 
TOTAL TURNOVER RATE AND DISTRIBUTION BY GENDER (BBVA GROUP. PERCENTAGE %) (1) 
2024
2023 (2)
Total employee 
turnover rate
Male
Female
Total employee 
turnover rate
Male
Female
Spain
 5.4 
 5.7 
 5.1 
 5.7 
 5.5 
 5.9 
Mexico
 11.8 
 12.6 
 11.0 
 13.6 
 14.6 
 12.7 
Turkey
 13.0 
 13.7 
 12.4 
 11.3 
 11.4 
 11.1 
South America
 16.9 
 16.3 
 17.4 
 15.6 
 13.8 
 17.1 
Rest
 13.0 
 11.5 
 14.4 
 13.8 
 10.4 
 16.8 
Total
 11.5 
 11.8 
 11.3 
 11.8 
 11.7 
 11.9 
(1) Total turnover rate = (total terminations during the year / average year headcount) * 100
(2) Data for 2023 differ from those published in the 2023 Consolidated Non-financial Information Statement due to the change in the turnover rate formula and also because 
Garanti Group employees who are located in Cyprus, Malta, the Netherlands and Romania have been included in “Rest”. 
Consolidated Management Report Consolidated Non-financial Information Statement
148
This English version is a translation of the original in Spanish for information purposes only. In case of a discrepancy, the Spanish original will prevail.

3.2 Consumers and end users
Driven by its value “The customer comes first”, the BBVA Group places its retail customers at the center of its activity, so much so 
that it considers them to be one of its six strategic priorities. The relationship with customers goes beyond the provision of services 
and is aimed at helping them in their transition towards sustainability, improving their financial health and, in short, accompanying 
them in the fulfillment of their objectives. In order to respond to the needs of its customers, while maintaining responsible conduct, 
BBVA has developed a differential value proposition thanks to innovation and new technologies that promote a transparent, clear and 
accessible customer experience, while strengthening and reinforcing security in the existing interactions between the customer and 
the Group.
Below, it will be explained how these priorities are integrated into BBVA's relationship with consumers and end users, presenting the 
policies, actions, initiatives and metrics that support its commitment to customers. With this focus, we outline the practical measures 
that promote transparency, accessibility, protection and consumer satisfaction, describing in detail those that BBVA carries out 
to:
–
Provide a transparent, clear and accessible customer experience, reinforcing trust and proximity.
–
Accompany customers in their transition to sustainability, offering solutions and advice that contribute to mitigating 
the effects of climate change and improving their financial health.
–
Promote digitalization and financial inclusion, facilitating access for all users to innovative and quality services.
–
Ensure information security and data protection, protecting customers' finances and privacy.
These initiatives reflect BBVA's ongoing focus on placing the customer at the center of its strategy, in line with the corporate 
values that inspire its Purpose. For this reason, within the framework of the double materiality analysis, the following aspects have 
been identified as material:
–
In order to meet the needs of its customers and maintain supervisor conduct with them, BBVA has developed its activity 
and relationship with customers within the framework of transparency in products and services, in a clear and accessible 
way, while strengthening and reinforcing security in interactions.
–
BBVA integrates data protection as an essential pillar of its management and ensures compliance with the legislation in this 
area. To contribute positively to this objective, BBVA has processes for supervising and controlling the implementation of 
data protection regulations, promotes transparency in information related to the processing of personal data and provides 
control mechanisms over personal data to its owners.
–
The relationship with customers goes beyond the provision of services and is aimed at helping them in their transition 
towards sustainability. In this context, it makes sense for BBVA to raise awareness among its customers on sustainability 
issues by offering personalized solutions.
–
Digital transformation and new emerging technologies mean an increase in potential threats and exposure to risk and new 
challenges that affect security, privacy and, in general, the digital trust of customers. For BBVA, as a player in the financial 
sector, the security of its customers' information and finances is not only a fundamental part of ensuring operational 
resilience, but also one of the main elements of its strategy. Therefore, measures have been implemented to ensure 
effective protection of the information and assets that support the Group's business processes.
–
Growth in the number of customers through digital channels and innovation in products and services. BBVA is committed to 
ensuring that users can carry out most operations through online banking and mobile banking, for example, digitally 
contracting products or optimizing payments and transactions, thus improving their access to the financial sector and 
increasing their comfort in using these products and services.
To determine the materiality of the impacts, risks and opportunities related to consumers and end users, the methodology described 
in the chapter “Double materiality analysis” has been applied. For all of these, the Group has established policies, actions and, in 
certain cases, objectives that are detailed below in their respective sections of the document, with specific teams in charge of their 
execution. Likewise, the mechanisms for listening to customers (see section “Customer experience”) and the support channels (see 
section “Complaints channel”) allow the management of issues related to material impacts and risks.
Consolidated Management Report Consolidated Non-financial Information Statement
149
This English version is a translation of the original in Spanish for information purposes only. In case of a discrepancy, the Spanish original will prevail.

3.2.1
Customer Experience
Providing a differentiated customer experience and improving their financial health is one of the Group's strategic priorities. An 
experience characterized by its simplicity, convenience and agility, always accompanied by all the necessary information and tailored 
advice that helps the customer make a decision tailored to their financial needs at all times. 
To this end, the Group has implemented new ways of working, with multidisciplinary and multi-country teams that, in a synchronized 
manner, develop and implement a value proposition focused on the real needs of customers through three fundamental axes:
–
Helping customers make the right financial decisions by providing relevant information;
–
Providing the best solutions that generate confidence in customers, in a way that is clear, transparent and complete, and all 
of this;
–
Through an easy and convenient experience, using digital channels or human interaction according to the customer's 
needs.
To achieve this efficiently and satisfactorily for the customers, it is essential to listen to them. For this reason, for more than a decade, 
the Group has been using the globally recognized Net Promoter Score (NPS) methodology, which allows for comprehensive 
management of customer and non-customer feedback, collected through various channels during the year. This methodology is 
included in the internal regulations applicable in all countries. 
This management, led by the Customer Experience teams in each of the countries, allows us to understand both the degree of 
recommendation among BBVA customers of the different products, channels and services, as well as more specific aspects of the 
customer's relationship with the Group (interaction with a manager, contracting of products, use of digital channels, ability to resolve 
queries, suggestions, incidents, etc.). This information is essential to verify the link that exists between the customer's needs and 
expectations and the initiatives implemented, to establish plans to eliminate the gaps detected and to provide better experiences 
(reducing waiting times in branches, expanding the coverage of the ATM network, optimizing journeys and security in digital channels, 
etc.). The in-depth analysis of the aspects to be improved and the assessment and validation of the most appropriate actions are 
carried out following one of the Group's Values, "The Customer comes first", involving them in the process, when the improvement 
requires it, in three fundamental phases: 
–
Detailed analysis of the experience to be improved,
–
Proposals for improvement, and
–
Testing of the solutions to be implemented / already implemented.
For this reason, for years now, the NPS has been part of the strategic indicators that are monitored monthly at the Senior 
Management level, both at the Group level and locally, being subject to a global governance procedure and model and included in the 
incentive model for all Group employees.
The Group internalizes and applies this methodology by continuously collecting feedback, analyzing it monthly to identify strengths 
and areas for improvement, and disseminating it to the Management Committees. This allows it to establish tactical and strategic 
action plans, while also monitoring the impact of the improvements made. It also provides a common language, both internally and 
with customers, which encourages the involvement of everyone and ensures that the customer voice is integrated into all of the 
Group's actions right from the outste. 
These actions have led to a steady increase in the confidence of customers who recognize BBVA as one of the most secure and 
recommendable bank in each of the countries in which it is present.
In 2024, BBVA ranked first in the personal NPS indicator in Spain with the best ever figure of 19.7% (15 basis points above the market 
average), in Mexico and Peru. Likewise, BBVA ranked second in Turkey and Uruguay.
Consolidated Management Report Consolidated Non-financial Information Statement
150
This English version is a translation of the original in Spanish for information purposes only. In case of a discrepancy, the Spanish original will prevail.

3.2.2
Accessibility to services and products
Digitalization as a lever for a more accessible and sustainable bank
Accessibility to products and services, through digitalization, is a key part of the BBVA Group's strategy. Throughout 2024, significant 
progress was made in this area, by promoting access to inclusive and sustainable financial services and products for all customers, 
regardless of their characteristics, capabilities or location.
Improving customer experience, accessibility and inclusion through digitalization is a business strategy that has been embraced in 
the Strategic Plan (the “Plan”), developed over a 5 year horizon and which guides for the development and promotion of the 
digitalization of the Group's customers and future customers, as one of the main aspects developed by the Plan. 
Digitalization also stands out as an important lever to promote financial inclusion in the different geographies in which the Group 
operates with various digital products and services. For more information on how BBVA promotes inclusion or consolidation in the 
financial system, see the section “Evolution of sustainable business channeling” within the chapter “Sustainability strategy”.
The ultimate responsibility for the Plan lies with the global head of each area and is applicable to all the geographies in which the 
Group operates. The Plan is developed through different programs (such as the “Boost Open Market & Engagement”), the aim of 
which is to attract customers through a completely digital and personalized onboarding process. These programs not only promote 
the adoption of digital services, but also improve the user experience by combining technological progress with human aspects, 
allowing the Group to offer a closer and more individualized service. The objectives set for each program are monitored at regular 
high-level meetings, at which the progress of the strategic initiatives related to digitalization and sustainability is reviewed, which in 
turn allows the evolution of the Plan to be monitored. An example of the success of the plan is that in 2024 approximately 67% of 
customers are attracted digitally. 
The Group has also defined a Global Accessibility Guide (the “Guide”), which serves as a reference when implementing and 
developing the initiatives included in the Plan. The Guide provides clear guidelines on how to ensure that the digital solutions 
developed are accessible and inclusive. It also underscores the importance of designing digital applications and services that respond 
to the needs of people with disabilities or technological barriers, ensuring that the digital transformation does not leave any customer 
behind.
Since both the Plan and the Guide are documents structured around the strategic development of the BBVA Group's business, they 
are adapted and defined in line with its needs and the interests of its customers, which are taken into account thanks to the 
continuous feedback received from them. Specific third-party rules or regulations have not been taken into account in the 
development of the Plan.
Collaboration with customers on digitalization
The process of listening to and receiving opinions and experiences that the Group carries out with its customers regarding 
digitalization is based primarily on the collection of all the information processed through the BBVA mobile application, hereinafter 
the “App” (interests, opinions, usage habits, etc.). It is called “feedback”, a continuous and direct process that takes place through the 
App and other digital channels. In addition, the App requests opinions from customers on ease of use after making key transactions, 
such as transfers or arranging financial products, which provides BBVA with information to continuously improve its digital services. 
Additionally, in accordance with the provisions of the Guide, the BBVA App has been adapted to meet the needs of the most 
vulnerable groups, thus including them in the process. 
By implementing continuous customer experience improvement initiatives, customer opinions, behaviors and feedback received are 
thoroughly analyzed, and improvements are made in response to their needs and expectations and ensuring the effectiveness of the 
collaboration. This ensures that every step towards customer digitalization is carried out with their interests in mind.
The BBVA Group conducts customer surveys - the results of which constitute the NPS - via the digital platform to evaluate the overall 
experience. The information collected in this process is analyzed in detail and used to adjust the functionalities and optimize access to 
online services. The effectiveness of this collaborative process is measured by Key Performance indicators (KPIs), monitored 
periodically, in some cases even daily. The main indicator is the NPS, which allows the management team of Retail Client Solutions to 
evaluate the initiatives implemented to improve the customer experience. For more information on the NPS, see the previous section 
on “Customer experience.”
The responsibility for carrying out collaboration with customers around digitalization, through both the App and the annual survey, 
lies with the Global Head of Retail Client Solutions as well as the local managers in the geographic areas where BBVA operates. The 
local teams are responsible for coordinating and supervising the collection of all information, ensuring an approach tailored to the 
specific needs of each geographic area.
All the information collected through this process, together with the market analysis, has served as input for the definition of the 
Strategic Plan.
Consolidated Management Report Consolidated Non-financial Information Statement
151
This English version is a translation of the original in Spanish for information purposes only. In case of a discrepancy, the Spanish original will prevail.

Actions in the field of digitalization
Within the framework of the Plan, the Group is developing various initiatives and strengthening its commitment to the constant 
evolution of its App, as the main lever for improving the customer experience. The Global Mobile App team is at the forefront of this 
development. Thanks to an intuitive, personalized design that is adaptable to different types of users, customers - including 
vulnerable groups such as the elderly or people with disabilities - are able to manage their finances in a simple and secure way. As an 
example of this, a simplified version of the App has been launched aimed at the elderly, improving readability and ease of use for its 
most popular features.
Below are some of the main actions carried out at the Group during 2024 and that will continue to be implemented throughout 2025 
and rolled out across the different geographies in which the Group works, since the App is subject to continuous improvement:
–
Payment and transaction optimization: simplification of payment processes, improving clarity and speed when carrying out 
banking operations, in the BBVA Group App, which is available to customers in the Group's main geographies.
–
Digital arranging of products: expansion of the range of financial products accessible from the App in the Group's main 
geographies, minimizing the need to carry out this type of action physically.
–
Digitalization of customer service: incorporating automatic functions to resolve insurance incidents and other common 
queries, thus improving efficiency and response times.
–
Financial health: recommendations to customers on the most important actions to take to improve their financial health in a 
personalized and convenient way through the App.
In addition, to take advantage of the opportunity represented by the growth in the number of customers, the improvement of their 
customer's loyalty and the increase in their transactionality through innovation and the development of digital products and services, 
the Group launched several initiatives aimed at optimizing the customer experience, boosting operational efficiency and 
strengthening its digital offering:
–
Digital product contracting: Expansion of the range of financial products accessible from the App in the Group's main 
geographies, minimizing the need to carry out this type of action physically. The digitalization of the product contracting 
processes also has a very favorable impact on the conversion ratios of new customers in the Group and facilitates their 
acquisition.
–
Value proposition communication campaigns: campaigns are launched in different media (digital and non-digital) and 
through own channels (App) to convey BBVA's solid value proposition, allowing the sale of digital products in a personalized 
way for each customer and the acquisition of new customers attracted by a convenient, innovative and differential value 
proposition.
Objectives set around customer digitalization
The actions carried out within the framework of the Plan are directly helping to increase the digital accessibility of customers, in many 
cases providing them with certain functionalities available through the App.
The BBVA Group has established clear objectives in relation to digitalization, through an approach that integrates internal factors, 
such as the development of new functionalities and customer growth, and external factors, such as the analysis of the 
macroeconomic environment and the activity of competitors. The combination of these factors allows for an adaptable framework to 
respond to the changing needs of users and improve access to digital services.
The objective set for 2024 for 2025 is to increase the Digital Intensity indicator, which measures customer interaction with the 
Group's digital platforms, by 11%, driving greater adoption and customer's loyalty with digital services. In terms of customer growth, 
the aim is to increase in 2025 the number of new customers acquired through digital means by 4 percentage points compared to 
2024. Finally, in terms of sales, BBVA aims to increase the percentage of financial product sales through digital channels by 1.6 
percentage points in 2025 compared to 2024, offering customers a fast and simple purchasing experience.
These objectives are measured and monitored using KPIs, which allow BBVA management to assess progress and make adjustments 
when necessary. These objectives are set by the directors of BBVA's business lines, where the opinions and interests of customers 
are considered based on NPS surveys, although they do not have direct influence on their formulation.
Consolidated Management Report Consolidated Non-financial Information Statement
152
This English version is a translation of the original in Spanish for information purposes only. In case of a discrepancy, the Spanish original will prevail.

3.2.3
Raising awareness on sustainability issues
BBVA Group's General Sustainability Policy places customers at the center of its strategy, reflecting the Group's commitment to 
accompanying them in their transition toward a sustainable future. This approach involves not only supporting them in their 
decarbonization goals, but also providing them with innovative financial solutions that facilitate investments with positive 
environmental and social impacts. Through specific initiatives and tailored products, BBVA seeks to provide its customers with 
solutions that promote practices that help to mitigate the effects of climate change.
For more information on the General Sustainability Policy, see the section “Sustainability governance” within the section “General 
information” where its scope, objectives and the person responsible for its implementation are described.
Collaboration with customers on sustainable awareness
This is promoted mainly through what are known as “Solutions”, transmitted or made available to individual customers through the 
BBVA App.
The development model of solutions and functionalities offered to customers includes different methods to obtain their vision, 
interests or needs:
–
Customer involvement during product conceptualization: when beginning the design or conceptualization of a product or 
solution, market research is carried out with customers, either qualitatively or quantitatively, so that customer opinions are 
gathered either with a prototype or in the phases prior to market launch. The business development team that defines and 
develops each product or solution is in charge of this research, for which it has experts in the discipline of Design and 
Market Research to carry out studies with customers. The results obtained, called “insights” or conclusions, are taken into 
consideration when defining and designing the solution or product.
–
The App is also used to gather opinions and experiences, through the ongoing involvement of customers, to understand 
how useful the functionalities or solutions are, and, in accordance with the provisions of the Global Accessibility Guide, the 
BBVA app has been adapted to meet the needs of the most vulnerable groups, thus including them in the process.
The teams responsible for providing each solution to customers are the ones who use the information gathered to create and improve 
it based on the feedback received. The person ultimately in charge of ensuring this is carried out is the Sustainability Head of the 
Retail Client Solutions area, while the design leader of the business area involved is the one who ensures that this process of 
collaboration with customers is maintained throughout the production cycle of solutions at BBVA.
The effectiveness of collaboration with customers in terms of awareness is measured through management indicators that are 
monitored for each solution, ensuring that the right decisions are made regarding their development and improvement. Thus, if a 
solution begins to receive fewer visits or is not as successful as it should, the causes are analyzed, and for this, customer feedback or 
new market research are often used to understand these causes and take the appropriate measures.
Actions related to sustainable awareness
The BBVA Group carries out a series of actions and initiatives that seek to meet the objective of providing its customers with solutions 
that promote practices that contribute to mitigating the effects of climate change.
The Retail Client Solutions area, the business area responsible for managing retail customers and promoting the different initiatives 
developed in this area, has sustainability as one of its priorities, aimed at the needs of customers, so that the ongoing objective is to 
accompany customers in their sustainable transition. Within this support, they have at their disposal specific solutions and products 
that generate, first of all, awareness about the impact of their emissions on the environment and, secondly, that they understand the 
benefits of adopting or acquiring sustainable products, both from an environmental standpoint and in terms of the impact on their 
financial health. Therefore, it is about providing them with solutions that facilitate the acquisition of these goods with the help of 
strategic partners, as well as providing the appropriate financing if the customer needs it.
When it comes to customer awareness of sustainability, key actions at BBVA include the following:
–
The Retail Client Solutions Marketing team, in coordination with the Communications area, has established a specific 
sustainability space on the bbva.com website, where it continuously publishes articles, news, podcasts, forums and 
monographs on various sustainability topics, promoting knowledge and awareness of sustainability. This website is 
accessible to the general public, including customers and non-customers alike, as well as individuals and companies. This 
section was launched in 2020 and new content is regularly posted.
–
In 2021 in Spain, the sustainability teams of Retail Client Solutions Spain and Holding made the “Carbon Footprint” feature 
available to customers in the App, where customers can see the impact on CO2 emissions of their energy expenses 
(electricity, gas and fuel) and their travel by plane, train, public transport, etc., as well as different actions they can take in 
their daily lives to reduce them. This feature aims to raise customer awareness about this and has been extended to other 
countries, starting with Turkey in 2022 and followed by Mexico in 2023, with Argentina planned in 2025.
–
When emerging markets in terms of renewable energy and self-consumption or electric cars in a given geography have 
matured, turnkey solutions are made available to the customer, which offer simulations of the savings in terms of money 
and emissions that can be achieved by using more environmentally friendly goods, such as solar panels, efficient appliances 
or hybrid and electric vehicles. In 2023, these solutions were made available to customers in Spain and were brought to 
Mexico during 2024 by the Holding and local sustainability teams in these geographic areas.
Consolidated Management Report Consolidated Non-financial Information Statement
153
This English version is a translation of the original in Spanish for information purposes only. In case of a discrepancy, the Spanish original will prevail.

These tools are available to all customers who create an account in BBVA App in the aforementioned geographies.
During 2024, more than 1 million users in Spain and Mexico visited the Carbon Footprint functionalities and at the same time more 
than 1 billion euros have been mobilized in sustainable financing in these categories (Energy Efficiency and Auto) across the Group 
within the Retail segment.
Additionally, the Group carries out other actions with the main objective of helping to improve the social results of consumers and end 
users, focusing on the area of inclusive growth, which consists of addressing the banking penetration and credit access needs of the 
most vulnerable customers, as well as promoting the entrepreneurship of its customers to encourage the economic development of 
the geographies in which the Group operates.
In addition to initiatives aimed specifically at customers, BBVA also creates, publishes and disseminates information accessible to all 
its stakeholders with the aim of promoting sustainability. The channels used are:
BBVA Channel
Purpose
Actions in 2024
Corporate website: 
bbva.com
Dissemination of articles and news 
related to sustainability
545 articles related to sustainability have been published in 2024, 
impacting 3.2 million users and representing more than 6.2 million 
page views.
Specialized 
monographs on 
sustainability
Publication and dissemination of 
specialized monographs on 
sustainability, reinforcing the idea of 
informing and raising awareness on 
this subject
4 new monographs launched in 2024: sustainable reforestation, 
socially sustainable infrastructure, food waste and cleantech.
9,170 downloads of all monographs in 2024.
Sustainable future 
podcast
Analysis of topics of interest to 
citizens and answers to key questions 
on sustainability issues
15 podcasts in audio and video format recorded this year of 
Sustainable Future.
In the total year 2024, more than 93 thousand listeners have been 
obtained in the different audio platforms. 
In the Youtube video format, more than 1,250 million views have 
been obtained.
Social networks
Publication, dissemination and 
interaction on social networks to 
disseminate knowledge on ESG issues, 
generating positive impact and raising 
awareness about the importance of 
taking action
More than 1,350 publications generated since the beginning of the 
sustainability content positioning project (January 2021), which 
have resulted in more than 40 million impressions and more than 
429,000 interactions. 
Sustainability 
Newsletter
Dissemination of general sustainability 
content
More than 13,800 subscribers to the Sustainability newsletter with 
an open rate of more than 36%.
Aprendemos Juntos 
2030
Promoting sustainability education to 
help people build a greener and more 
inclusive future. 
BBVA global project recognized by the 
United Nations for its contribution to 
the Sustainable Development Goals 
(SDG)
During 2004, 83 new characters were published under the themes 
of the SDGs on the different platforms, which together with the 
existing ones, add up to more than 3.90 million views since the 
start of the project 7 years ago. 
Aprendemos Juntos KIDS, in its content aimed at the youngest 
audience in the house, has obtained more than 225 million views in 
2024, compared to almost 74 million obtained in 2024.
The digital community of Aprendemos juntos 2030 reaches 9.5 
million users across different platforms.
BBVA 
Greenfluencers
Making visible the experiences and 
strategies of business leaders and 
organizations that are driving the 
transition towards a more sustainable 
future, through podcasts, videos and 
events.
9 new episodes released
More than 4.9 million views in 2024 compared to 3.2 million in 
2023.
Consolidated Management Report Consolidated Non-financial Information Statement
154
This English version is a translation of the original in Spanish for information purposes only. In case of a discrepancy, the Spanish original will prevail.

Business channeling goal
As mentioned throughout this report, the Group found sustainability to be a great business opportunity for years thanks to its 
disruptive nature, and the need for entities, businesses and people to adapt, as well as society in general. Furthermore, its relevance 
has been steadily increased over time. Therefore, sustainability has been flagged as a strategic priority that is integrated into the 
Group's internal processes, as well as in the day-to-day business, since, as a financial institution, BBVA plays a key role in facilitating 
its customers' access to the financing they need for this adaptation.
For this reason, as explained in the chapter “Sustainability strategy”, in 2018 the Group established a sustainable business channeling 
target79 that has been raised on several occasions and which has been achieved in advance this year. 
To achieve this goal, the Group supports the different business areas, providing the capabilities needed to succeed for its execution, 
promoting initiatives that help customers make decisions in their homes, businesses and companies to make this transition. 
Therefore, advising its customers in all segments is crucial for BBVA to achieve this goal, as well as the financing products necessary 
for the execution of these decisions.
3.2.4
Transparency in information provided to customers about 
products and services
The BBVA Group places customers at the center of its activity, with the aim of building long-lasting relationships based on mutual 
trust and the contribution of value, as set out in the Code of Conduct. The principles and guidelines set out in this Code are 
complemented, developed and specified in policies, rules and procedures whose purpose is to adequately address the interests of 
customers when services are provided to them or products are offered or recommended to them, through any distribution channels, 
and also considering the life cycle of the product or service.
Customer Conduct Policy and Product Governance
The Customer Conduct and Product Governance Policy establishes that BBVA will base its relationship with customers on the 
following principles:
–
Appropriate and responsible offering of products and services.
–
Transparency in advertising and in the information provided to customers about products and services by providing 
information before any product or service is arranged, as well as post-contractual information directed to customers and 
advertising and promotion activities for products and services.
–
Managing any potential conflicts of interest that are identified and that may undermine the interests of customers.
–
Financial inclusion and customer accessibility to the products and services offered by BBVA, taking into account their 
personal circumstances and avoiding any unjustified discrimination.
–
Prompt and diligent attention and resolution of customer queries, complaints and claims.
–
Adequate training of personnel involved in the manufacturing and distribution of products and in the provision of services to 
customers.
The purpose of the Policy is to define and establish the principles and provisions to be taken into account in order to adequately 
address the interests of customers when providing them with services or offering or recommending products, through any 
distribution channel, considering the life cycle of the product or service. In summary, these provisions are grouped as follows:
–
Customer conduct provisions, which establish the guidelines for action to be observed with customers. They are classified 
as those that apply generally to all products or services offered or provided by BBVA, and those of a particular nature 
referring to specific activities or services: financing, investment services and activities, and management of collective 
investment schemes.
–
Product governance provisions, which establish measures to ensure that conduct provisions are observed throughout the 
entire life cycle of the product and service: from the moment they are designed, during their distribution or marketing, and 
in the post-contracting phase (follow-up and after-sales service).
With this Policy, the Group has reaffirmed its commitment to align itself fully with the regulations and criteria of the supervisors 
applicable to the services it provides to customers in order to adequately address their interests. At European level, the most notable 
are Directive 2014/65/EU of the European Parliament and of the Council of 15 May 2014 on Markets in Financial Instruments and 
Directive 2016/97/EU of the European Parliament and of the Council of 20 January 2016 on the Distribution of Insurances, along with 
their corresponding delegated directives and/or implementing regulations at European level, and transpositions into Spanish law; as 
well as the Guidelines of the European Banking Authority on Governance and Oversight Procedures for Retail Banking Products, on 
Internal Governance and on the Loan Origination and Monitoring, which the Bank of Spain has adopted.
Consolidated Management Report Consolidated Non-financial Information Statement
155
This English version is a translation of the original in Spanish for information purposes only. In case of a discrepancy, the Spanish original will prevail.
79 This target was established by BBVA taking into account the opinions and interests of its customers, without them having any direct influence on its formulation.

The Policy applies to all BBVA Group entities when they design or distribute products to customers, provide services or manage 
collective investment vehicles . Its implementation takes into account external regulation and is appropriate and proportionate to the 
characteristics of the customers, products and services in question, as well as to the nature, scale and complexity of the entity's 
activity. It was approved by the Board of Directors of BBVA on February 9, 2022 and came into force the following day. It will remain in 
force until the Board of Directors agrees to modify it or approves a new version that replaces it. The responsibility for the application 
of this Policy falls on the Global Head of the Regulation & Internal Control area. Likewise, the Policy is reviewed annually. In 2024, this 
review was carried out with no modifications made. Once approved, it was communicated to the personnel involved in the design and 
distribution of products and in the provision of services to customers, through its publication on The BBVA Group's internal website 
and on the Internal Regulation Portal, in both Spanish and English. To inform stakeholders about the Customer Conduct and Product 
Governance Policy, the Group has disseminated a public statement summarizing its content on the shareholders and investors 
website, also available in both languages.
Actions
In order to define and develop the specific aspects and elements that allow for the management and prevention of risks in customer 
conduct, including the risk of lack of transparency in the information provided to customers about products and services, the 
Customer Conduct and Product Governance Program has been developed. This program establishes a set of management measures, 
including the following: 
–
In the area of customer protection, BBVA Group entities involved in the provision of services, under proportionality criteria, 
have annual training and communication plans for employees. These plans are intended to ensure that the staff involved in 
the design and distribution of products and in the provision of services are adequately trained. The plans are aimed at 
covering the identified needs, and offer various training modalities, such as face-to-face or e-learning courses, videos and 
brochures, for both new and existing employees.
The training content is based on transparency and customer protection regulations, and includes general and specific 
concepts, as well as specific issues that affect the functions performed by the group being trained.
Additionally, these plans include a corporate online course on the General Policy on Customer Conduct and Product 
Governance launched in 2023, which aims to make known the general principles on which the relationship with customers is 
based when services are provided to them or products are offered or recommended to them, through any distribution 
channels, and also considering the life cycle of the product or service. This course is available in most of the jurisdictions in 
which the Group is present through the “BBVA Campus” tool. During 2024, the Group continued to advance in the gradual 
inclusion of this course in local training plans.  
–
In terms of product governance, the Group has specific provisions to ensure that customer conduct provisions are 
considered throughout the life cycle of the product or service, both at the time they are conceived or designed, during their 
distribution or marketing, and in the post-contracting phase. 
Thus, prior to the launch or marketing of a new product or service, or when there is a significant change in the 
characteristics of existing products or services, these are subject to a systematic analysis and approval procedure, in order 
to ensure that they remain aligned with the principles and provisions set out in the Policy, its implementing rules or 
procedures, as well as with applicable legislation on customer protection. In particular, and among other actions, BBVA 
verifies compliance with the obligations regarding transparency in the information made available to customers and the 
certification and/or training requirements for staff, as well as any other aspects that are applicable depending on the type of 
product and service in question.
Finally, the responsibilities of the business units include monitoring the distribution of the product and its evolution, through 
specific indicators defined in the launch phase based on its nature and complexity. This monitoring helps to identify relevant 
changes in the products and, where appropriate, their reconsideration or adaptation.
In line with the above, during 2024, the Group has continued with the gradual deployment across the geographies of the 
Product Governance Standard approved in 2023.
Risk monitoring in relation to customer conduct, including the lack of transparency in the information provided to customers about 
products and services, is carried out in accordance with the Compliance model (for more information on this, see the chapter 
“Business Conduct”). This model includes Customer Conduct Indicators that are generally followed by banks in the main countries in 
which the Group is present and that, at an aggregate level, are within the BBVA Group Risk Appetite Framework . These indicators 
have been designed to periodically monitor, on a quarterly basis, the risk of not protecting the interests of customers when providing 
them with services or offering them products from the perspective of transparency, appropriateness and fair treatment. Individually, 
they allow us to identify specific situations related to customer conduct (including transparency) on which to act and, together, they 
allow us to have an aggregate view of the current level of risk. The main indicators are as follows: 
–
Complaint indicators, which used to monitor complaints submitted to Customer Service Departments and supervisors on 
matters relating to, among others, transparency in the information provided to customers and advertising. 
–
Weakness indicators, which monitor the status of open weaknesses in terms of transparency, adequacy and fair treatment 
identified in independent reviews carried out by the Compliance Testing, Internal Audit and external audit teams and those 
carried out by local supervisory bodies.
–
Early cancellation indicators, which measure cancellations of credit cards, insurance and consumer loans three months 
after they have been taken out, which helps to identify signs of possible improper practices related to transparency, among 
other risks, and which need to be analyzed.
–
Certification indicator, which allows us to know the percentage of employees who have the certification required by 
applicable law and regulations to provide services or offer products to customers.
Consolidated Management Report Consolidated Non-financial Information Statement
156
This English version is a translation of the original in Spanish for information purposes only. In case of a discrepancy, the Spanish original will prevail.

Each management indicator has thresholds that set the values from which it is essential to analyze the origin of the deviation in order 
to address the corresponding action plans. All deviations from these thresholds are analyzed.
Additionally, an annual review process is carried out on the Group's non-financial risk map (including transparency risk) as well as the 
map of measures and controls in place to mitigate these risks (Risk and Control Self-Assessment or "RCSA"), with the aim of ensuring 
their validity, detecting control weaknesses and promoting their resolution. This exercise allows for an aggregated view of the level of 
transparency risk in the Group.  
3.2.5
Responsible use of data
Consolidated Management Report Consolidated Non-financial Information Statement
157
The BBVA Group has made data protection an essential pillar of its management and it is committed to complying with the legislation 
in this area, including the General Data Protection Regulation (“GDPR”). This regulation not only applies to data controllers 
established in the European Union, but also to those who, although not established in the EU, process personal data arising from an 
offer of goods or services aimed at EU citizens.
In line with the above, the Group considers the fundamental right to data protection as one of its priorities in its relations with its 
customers, shareholders, suppliers, employees and third parties (“Data Subjects”), who, as owners of their personal data, deserve 
the effective application of the highest standards of protection and control over them. This fundamental principle is present in all of 
the Group's strategic and business decisions, and is the basis of the General Data Protection Policy and the Corporate Standard on 
personal data protection implementing the Policy, and which describe how all Group entities must process the personal data of Data 
Subjects to ensure their protection.
General Privacy and Data Protection Policy
The General Privacy and Data Protection Policy (the “Policy”), approved by the Board of Directors, establishes the general principles 
and management and control guidelines that the Group must follow in terms of the protection of personal data in the processes to 
ensure the proper identification of risks and promote transparency and control mechanisms in the data processing carried out in the 
BBVA Group entities, complying with the provisions of the applicable regulations and taking into account the interests of the main 
stakeholders in this matter. The Global Head of Data is in charge of promoting its knowledge.
The Corporate Standard on personal data protection (hereinafter, the “Standard”), which implements the Policy, sets out the 
principles that must be followed by any process affecting personal data and assigns responsibilities to the different roles involved in 
the cycle of its treatment. This standard describes the privacy requirements that all Group entities must consider from the time a 
product, service, functionality, etc. is designed or planned, identifying the risks intrinsic to each personal data processing and defining 
and incorporating the necessary technical and organizational measures.
Both documents are reviewed annually and are available on the corporate intranet for all employees to consult. A summary of these 
documents has been published on the shareholders' website for the general public to consult.
Lastly, BBVA's Code of Conduct, which employees must be aware of and comply with, states that the protection of personal data is a 
fundamental right and that employees must ensure that the data of data subjects are protected and treated confidentially.
Collaboration with customers
The BBVA Group, based on applicable law and regulations, as well as the Policy and Standard described in the previous section, has 
drawn up various documents providing information on the processing of personal data addressed to data subjects. These documents 
explain the purpose for which the personal data are processed, as well as the way in which the data are obtained and protected.
These documents are provided to the data subjects and are also available on the respective websites. They describe the data 
controllers, the purposes of the processing, the lawful basis, rules governing assignments to third parties or international transfers 
and the exercise of rights, among other matters. Likewise, so that data subjects, either directly or through their legal representatives, 
can make any queries related to their personal data, exercise rights or report data protection incidents, information is provided on the 
various communication channels available to them, such as a specific email inbox.
The operation of these channels is periodically monitored by the Regulation & Internal Control area to ensure the quality and 
adequacy of the responses to the data subjects' perspectives and to ensure that the time frames established by applicable law and 
regulations are met. This process is coordinated, where appropriate, with the Customer Service or Complaints Departments. 
Likewise, if a data protection incident occurs, the corresponding analysis will be carried out and the necessary mitigating measures 
will be taken in relation to the possible risks derived from the rights and freedoms of the data subjects.
Actions
In order to comply with the Policy, the Data Protection Unit, integrated into the second line of risk management, has defined and 
developed specific aspects and management elements that allow the prevention, detection and management of risks in the area of 
personal data protection, such as security incidents affecting the protection of personal data or claims in this area that could impact 
credibility and reputation in the market or lead to possible litigation and financial penalties for regulatory non-compliance, identifying 
the risks intrinsic to each processing of personal data and defining and incorporating the necessary technical and organizational 
measures.
This English version is a translation of the original in Spanish for information purposes only. In case of a discrepancy, the Spanish original will prevail.

In 2024, globally, the Group continued to work toward and promote different management measures, including:
–
Having a data protection governance structure that includes the involvement of all levels of the organization.
–
Conducting periodic assessments to ensure compliance with the rules and procedures associated with the management of 
personal data.
–
Providing regular training on personal data protection in order to raise awareness among all Group employees about the 
importance and value of this matter.
These management measures are monitored in a global and continuous manner, through data protection indicators that allow us to 
identify the degree of compliance with the Group's corporate personal data protection program, giving BBVA an aggregated view of 
the current level of risk. The main indicators are the following: 
–
Indicators of adaptation/transposition of internal regulations and procedures regarding the protection of personal data.
–
Indicators relating to claims and rights exercised.
–
Indicators on compulsory training.
–
Indicators tracking the resolution of the recommendations resulting from audit activities and reviews carried out by the 
Compliance teams.
Additionally, on an annual basis, there is a non-financial risk assessment process, which includes, among others, the review of data 
protection risks and the controls mitigating those risks, with the aim of ensuring their validity, detecting weaknesses and promoting 
measures for their resolution.
3.2.6
Cybersecurity
Digital transformation and new emerging technologies mean an increase in the threats that organizations must face, as well as in the 
surface area of exposure to risk, which entails new challenges that affect security, privacy and, in general, digital trust, all key aspects 
for the better development and stability of the digital economy.
Based on this, BBVA designed and implemented a series of procedures, actions and measures in the area of information security and 
cybersecurity that aim to ensure the protection of assets and information and, therefore, the protection of its customers' finances, as 
well as maintaining their trust in the Group.
For BBVA, information security is not only an essential element in ensuring operational resilience, but also one of the cornerstones in 
its strategy. Information security is structured around four fundamental areas of action: (I) Cybersecurity, (II) Data security, (III) 
Physical security and (IV) Security in business processes and fraud. A program has been designed for each of these pillars with 
the aim of reducing the risks to which the Group is exposed. These programs, which consider the best practices provided for in 
internationally recognized security standards, are periodically reviewed to assess progress and the effective impact in mitigating such 
risks.
General Policy on Operational Resilience
BBVA has developed an Operational Resilience Policy that enshrines the basic principles and guidelines for management and control 
that the Group must follow to ensure the sound management of digital operational resilience, information security and business 
continuity. This Policy is governed by the following general principles: Integrity, prudence in risk management, transparency, 
achieving a profitable and sustainable business in the long term, creating long-term value for all stakeholders and compliance with 
applicable legislation at all times. One of its main objectives is to guarantee the confidentiality, availability, integrity and authenticity of 
the information processed by the Group.
This Policy takes into consideration the requirements of Regulation (EU) 2022/2554 on digital operational resilience of the financial 
sector (“Digital Operational Resilience Act”), the recommendations of the European Banking Authority in its “Guidelines on ICT and 
security risk management” (EBA/GL/2019/04) and the regulatory requirements of the countries where the Group operates.
The Operational Resilience Policy has been approved by the BBVA Board of Directors and is applicable to all entities that make up the 
Group. The operational resilience processes are aligned with the Group's structure and business objectives, in order to guarantee 
adequate levels of resilience in the provision of services to customers, always in accordance with current legislation.
The guidelines established in the Operational Resilience Policy in relation to information security management are developed in a 
series of security standards and procedures that make up the Information Security Regulatory Body. The security strategy considers 
the best practices and security measures established in internationally recognized standards such as ISO/IEC 27002 and the ISO 
2700 family, COBIT 5 and NIST Cybersecurity Framework.
Both the Policy and the Security Standards that constitute this Security Regulatory Body are reviewed annually and are published on 
the BBVA Corporate Intranet, which is accessible to all employees of the Entity. Mandatory training courses and periodic awareness-
raising actions are carried out in order to ensure that employees understand their functions and obligations in terms of information 
security management and are aware of and comply with the guidelines established in the Operational Resilience Policy and the 
Security Standards.
Consolidated Management Report Consolidated Non-financial Information Statement
158
This English version is a translation of the original in Spanish for information purposes only. In case of a discrepancy, the Spanish original will prevail.

The Global Head of Engineering of the BBVA Group is responsible for ensuring the internal dissemination of the Operational Resilience 
Policy, for monitoring the degree of application of the Policy in the Group (based on the information provided by the heads of the 
corresponding areas) and for adopting the necessary measures to ensure its compliance. The Corporate Security area, part of the 
Engineering unit, is in charge of issues related to information security management and cybersecurity.
Finally, it should be noted that the Operational Resilience Policy is aligned with the expectations and interests of customers, as it 
focuses on the adoption of best practices in the sector, the application of advanced technologies and the applicable regulations in this 
area with the aim of ensuring information security. There is no specific process of direct collaboration with customers.
Actions
In recent years, there has been an increase in the number of cyberattacks, accentuated by the presence of organized crime groups 
specializing in the banking sector and the use of emerging technologies to carry out attacks. In addition, the scope of social 
engineering attacks carried out via email, SMS messages, instant messaging systems and social networks continues to increase.
In addition, the acceleration of digitalization in the world has led to the emergence of new challenges for companies, including those 
related to security in remote working, security in cloud environments, the increase in the surface area of exposure to risk and the 
management of risks associated with service providers.
Based on this, the Group has adopted security measures aimed at responding to the potential threats to which it is exposed and 
guaranteeing the security of customer information. The main purpose of these measures is to:
1.
Protect business processes from a comprehensive perspective, considering aspects related to logical and physical 
security, privacy and fraud management;
2.
Ensure compliance with security and privacy principles from the design of new services and products;
3.
Improve access control and customer authentication services associated with the provision of online services, both 
from a security perspective and from a customer experience perspective.
In application of the Digital Operational Resilience Policy and the Security Regulatory Body, the Group continuously and globally 
implements initiatives to ensure compliance with the established guidelines and principles and strengthen information security 
management with a predictive and proactive approach.
These actions are aimed at avoiding the loss of competitiveness and income caused by failures in information systems or 
insufficient protection against cyberattacks, including information leaks and security breaches, and at preserving customer 
confidence in the face of possible exposure to cyberattacks and breaches that may compromise confidential data, among others.
During 2024, BBVA has continued to strengthen the measures adopted to ensure effective protection of the information and assets 
that support the Group's business processes, from a global perspective and with a comprehensive approach, considering both the 
technological area and the areas related to people, processes and security governance.
The main initiatives developed in this area are related to the adoption of measures to ensure that all the Group's information assets 
are duly protected, limiting their use to the purpose of the processes for which they are intended and guaranteeing controlled access 
to them, based on the provisions of the Group's security guidelines. All initiatives are developed ensuring compliance with the 
applicable regulatory requirements regarding data security and privacy, especially personal data.
Among the most notable actions are the following:
–
The Group has increased its prevention and monitoring efforts to ensure effective protection of BBVA's assets and 
customer information as cyberattacks continue to evolve and become increasingly sophisticated. In this context, the Global 
Computer Emergency Response Team (hereinafter CERT) is the first line of action for the detection and response to 
cyberattacks targeting global users and the Group's infrastructure. The Global CERT, based in Madrid, operates 24 hours a 
day, 7 days a week and provides service in all countries where BBVA operates, under a managed security services scheme, 
with lines of operation dedicated to fraud and cybersecurity.
During 2024, system monitoring capabilities have continued to increase, paying special attention to critical assets that 
support business processes. Additionally, incident prevention, detection and response capabilities have continued to be 
strengthened, through the use of integrated sources of information, improved analytical capabilities and the use of 
automated platforms. Furthermore, new artificial intelligence and machine learning models are being developed to predict 
and prevent cyberattacks against banking infrastructure, with the aim of providing a safer experience for customers.
The measures implemented allow for improved information security management from a predictive and proactive 
approach, based on the use of digital intelligence services and advanced analytical capabilities. These measures are 
intended to guarantee an immediate and effective response to any security incident that may occur, in coordination with the 
different business and support areas of the Group that are involved; to minimize possible negative consequences; and, if 
necessary, to communicate them in a timely manner to the corresponding supervisory or regulatory entities.
–
Additionally, the Threat Intelligence area has continued to be strengthened, adopting measures aimed at transforming 
detailed technical information into useful intelligence that can be used as a driver for decision-making related to risk 
management. The Threat Intelligence area continuously monitors the threats that affect the financial sector and analyzes 
risk trends, in order to implement measures to minimize the security risks to which BBVA is exposed. Besides, together with 
the incident detection and response teams, it analyzes the attacks that have occurred and their origin, in order to adopt the 
necessary action plans. The analyses carried out consider both security trends and the nature of attacks on information 
systems.
Consolidated Management Report Consolidated Non-financial Information Statement
159
This English version is a translation of the original in Spanish for information purposes only. In case of a discrepancy, the Spanish original will prevail.

–
During 2024, an update was carried out on the standards that constitute the Security Regulatory Body in order to guarantee 
the inclusion of the requirements established in the new regulations that are coming into force, such as the Digital 
Operational Resilience Act and the Regulatory Technical Standards that develop it.
–
BBVA has continued to review, reinforce and recurrently test its security processes and procedures through simulation 
exercises in the areas of physical security and digital security. Specialized teams periodically carry out technical security 
tests in order to detect and correct possible security vulnerabilities. These tests include both technical tests of the 
technological platforms and simulations of real attacks by malicious users (using the same techniques, tactics and 
procedures). The results of these tests are essential in the process of continuous improvement of the Group's security 
strategy.
–
Other lines of action include the periodic implementation of crisis simulation exercises, both globally and locally, in order to 
improve the level of training and awareness of key BBVA personnel and ensure an immediate and effective response in the 
event of a security incident.
–
Cybersecurity initiatives are always carried out in close coordination with fraud prevention initiatives, so there are 
considerable interactions and synergies between the teams involved. The measures implemented allow for active 
monitoring of fraud risks and mitigation plans, assessment of their impact on the Group's small businesses and customers, 
and monitoring of relevant fraud facts, events and trends.
Following the creation of the Financial Crime Prevention Unit, as part of efforts to actively support the deployment of 
appropriate anti-fraud policies and measures, in an environment of increasing sophistication and regulatory focus on 
financial crime, a joint analysis of fraud and money laundering operations (since the former is often an underlying crime of 
the latter) has continued during 2024, and operational processes have continued to be improved and advanced analytics, 
artificial intelligence and machine learning capabilities have been increased in order to strengthen fraud analytics 
capabilities, providing them with a more holistic view.
BBVA and its subsidiaries have cybersecurity and fraud insurance, subject to certain limits, deductions and exclusions, 
applicable depending on each case.
In addition, to effectively manage dependence on IT service providers and ensure operational continuity in the event of 
potential incidents that may impact them, the Group has implemented specific measures to strengthen resilience and security in its 
technological supply chain. During 2024, controls have continued to be strengthened to ensure adequate protection of information by 
third parties, given that one of the main risks that organizations currently face is risks arising from third parties.
BBVA requires that the service providers it works with have internationally recognized security certifications. Additionally, in 
contracts signed with service providers, security clauses are included, in order to guarantee both an adequate level of security in 
relation to the services provided and compliance with all applicable legal requirements (paying special attention to current legislation 
on the protection of personal data). The effective implementation of these measures by suppliers that provide more critical services is 
periodically verified. This model is currently being reinforced in order to comply with all the requirements related to third-party 
management established in the new regulations that are coming into force, such as the Digital Operational Resilience Act.
Finally, to strengthen customer protection against situations that may compromise their financial security due to limited 
knowledge of cybersecurity, the Group is developing initiatives focused on digital awareness and education. These actions seek to 
empower customers with tools and knowledge to prevent potential fraud. The main measures implemented are detailed below:
–
During 2024, as established in the Operational Resilience Policy, BBVA has continued to carry out communication and 
training activities for people in matters of security and privacy, by carrying out periodic training and awareness actions 
aimed at employees, customers and society in general. This fact reflects The BBVA Group's firm commitment to education 
in cybersecurity.
Among the main campaigns, awareness-raising actions and recommendations included in the application, BBVA's online 
channels and on social networks, those related to information protection, secure password management, detection of social 
engineering (phishing, smishing, vishing), protection of devices (computers, mobile phones, etc.), secure connections, 
detection of malware and other computer attacks, detection of cyber scams, security in online purchases and action in the 
event of a security incident stand out. The theme of the different awareness-raising campaigns is selected based on a risk 
analysis focused on identifying the behaviors that imply a greater cybersecurity risk for the Group, using sources such as 
the "Threat Landscape" of the European Union Agency for Cybersecurity (ENISA).
–
In addition, the content on security tips has also been expanded to raise awareness and train customers about the main 
cybersecurity risks, with the aim of knowing how to prevent or manage potential threats.
These initiatives improve the protection of BBVA customers, as well as the use of robust customer authentication mechanisms in e-
commerce, the possibility of turning cards on and off from the BBVA app, the sending of real-time notifications about payments or 
transfers made and the reinforcement of card security to prevent possible fraudulent use of card data, such as the use of the Aqua 
card, which was the first card with a dynamic CVV (without numbering and without a printed CVV).
BBVA has implemented an information security governance model to achieve the established security objectives. The main body of 
this governance model is the Technology and Cybersecurity Committee, whose functions include monitoring the technology and 
cybersecurity strategy and managing cybersecurity risks. This Committee assists the Board of Directors in monitoring the 
technological risks to which BBVA is exposed, the main trends in technology and cybersecurity, and any technological security event 
that may affect the Group.
Consolidated Management Report Consolidated Non-financial Information Statement
160
This English version is a translation of the original in Spanish for information purposes only. In case of a discrepancy, the Spanish original will prevail.

Additionally, the Corporate Security unit is organized through a scheme of committees and work groups that manage different 
aspects related to information security: security in operations, security associated with technology, physical security, security in 
business processes, security related to personnel, etc. These work groups supervise the execution of the security strategy and the 
effective implementation of the programs designed for each of the four pillars that constitute it. The Technology and Cybersecurity 
Committee meets every two months, while the working groups of the Corporate Security Unit hold monthly meetings.
In order to monitor compliance with the objectives established in the Operational Resilience Policy on information security and 
cybersecurity and in the Security Standards that develop it, BBVA has established a series of indicators that are periodically 
presented to the corresponding governing bodies.
Among the established security indicators , which are monitored on a monthly basis, the following stand out: those related to relevant 
incidents (considering different types of incidents), coverage of the technical security tests carried out to detect possible 
vulnerabilities, vulnerabilities detected and corrected, indicators related to the security monitoring of assets, effectiveness of the 
security measures implemented, staff training and awareness, physical security and monitoring of internal audits carried out, among 
others. Monitoring indicators have also been established related to the security projects that constitute the defined security programs 
and that are being implemented within the framework of the continuous improvement of information security.
Each indicator has thresholds that establish the values from which it is necessary to analyze the origin of the deviation in order to 
address the corresponding action plans.
In recent years, BBVA has updated its security governance, legal compliance and corporate assurance models to ensure they are 
adapted to an increasingly demanding and constantly evolving regulatory environment.
BBVA has also obtained several certifications (TIER IV certification, ISAE 3402...) in different countries. To maintain these 
certifications, review processes are periodically carried out by external auditors who consider the specific requirements of each 
certification. The auditors are selected from among the most recognized audit firms in the specific areas of knowledge applicable in 
each case. Additionally, the annual financial audit includes the review of various areas related to information security and 
cybersecurity on BBVA's internal platforms.
3.2.7
Complaints channel
BBVA makes various customer service channels available to customers and non-customers alike (physical, telephone and digital) in 
order to facilitate, in the most efficient and convenient way for each user, the communication and management of any type of need, 
query, comment or disagreement they may have in relation to a service, product or banking transaction. To ensure that they are 
known, all BBVA employees are obliged, as established in the Group's Code of Conduct, to direct users to the resolution channels 
enabled by the Group. The Group periodically communicates the availability of these channels, which are permanently updated and 
available to any user, customer or non-customer, on the home page of the online banking platform specific to each geography.
Additionally, and in order to facilitate the exercise of the right to file a claim that every user of the financial services provided by BBVA 
has, a specific section on claims is included in the contracts, which describes the channels available and the process to follow. Claims 
are managed by our own teams, all of which are governed by a model based on two key aspects: swift resolution and, most 
importantly, the analysis and elimination of the root causes. This model is deployed locally in each geography, where internal 
guidelines are adapted to govern those aspects needed to comply with the corresponding local regulations in relation to the attention, 
treatment and resolution of claims80. This model is considered to add value when it comes to improving the customer experience, 
generating peace of mind and strengthening customer trust, providing a quick resolution to their problems, through a simple and agile 
experience, and with a clear and personalized response.
All claims are handled with diligence, impartiality, and respect for privacy, ensuring at all times the protection of personal data, which 
will be used exclusively for the management of the claim. Although it is not considered that the use of this channel may lead to 
reprisals, the bank reaffirms its commitment to the protection of customers' rights, ensuring that no person will be subject to adverse 
consequences for making use of this complaint mechanism.
In compliance with the above, BBVA has a Customer Support Service in each of its geographies with banks, functioning as an internal 
service with sufficient autonomy so that its decisions cannot be affected by conflicts of interest. The service has technological and 
human resources enabling it to handle and swiftly resolve complaints received from customers and record all related information; a 
process that allows the Group to then identify improvements, both at the level of the management model itself, as well as specific 
improvements regarding the response process, cause analysis, etc. Specifically, monitoring the response time ensures the 
effectiveness of the process, with 95% of the Group's complaints managed in a timely manner in 2024.
Information on the trend in the volume of complaints, response times, main reasons and root causes of these, among others, is 
regularly presented to:
–
the Board of Directors of the BBVA Group in the annual report;
–
Senior Management in each region for monitoring and decision-making;
–
the relevant regulators and supervisors (for example, at Group level in the semi-annual reports to the Bank of Spain and the 
European Central Bank).
Consolidated Management Report Consolidated Non-financial Information Statement
161
This English version is a translation of the original in Spanish for information purposes only. In case of a discrepancy, the Spanish original will prevail.
80 (Ministerial Order ECO / 734/2004, of March 11, of the Ministry of Economy in Spain; PUSF regulations - Protection of Users of Financial Services, of 04/17/2023, of the BCRA 
in Argentina; Law for Transparency and Regulation of Financial Services, of 03/09/2018, in Mexico; Law 5411 of October 19, 2005 - Organization and operation of banking 
institutions in Turkey and the specific Regulation "Bireysel Müşterilerce Yapılan Başvuruları Değerlendirmede"; Law 1328/2009 and Decree 2281 of 2010 regulating the Financial 
Consumer Ombudsman in Colombia; Circular G184-2015 of the Superintendency of Banking, Insurances and AFPs in Peru; Instruction of 01/20/2020 of the NBR in Romania; etc.

In 2024, the Group's various claims units81 worked on reducing response times achieved in 2023. This work is complemented, 
together with the business areas, by the identification of new cases as well as the elimination of the most common reasons for 
complaints; especially those related to fraud, which account for 49% of all the Group's claims and which have increased in recent 
years as a result of the widespread growth in card transactions and the various and increasingly sophisticated fraud techniques 
utilized. The security measures and communication and awareness campaigns carried out for customers made it possible to reduce 
these in Peru in 2024 (with 19% fewer cases than in 2023), and to contain them in the rest of the countries, with the exception of 
Uruguay.
MAIN INDICATORS OF CLAIMS (BBVA GROUP)
2024
2023
Number of claims before the banking authority for each 10.000 active customers
10.61
12.39
Average time for setting claims (natural days)
6.99
8.46
Claims settled by First Contact Resolution (FCR) (% over total claims)
12.11
9.95
The improvement in 2024 of the average complaint resolution time by 17% at Group level is mainly due to the optimization of the 
complaint management process in Argentina, together with Spain and Uruguay.
Claims filed with supra-banking authorities (per 10,000 active customers) during fiscal years 2024 and 2023 are as follows, having 
decreased in all countries during 2024:
CLAIMS BEFORE THE BANKING AUTHORITY BY COUNTRY (NUMBER FOR EACH 10.000 ACTIVE CUSTOMERS) (1)
2024
2023
Spain
2.16
2.56
Mexico
9.91
12.42
Turkey
8.70
9.35
Romania
3.52
*
Argentina
1.63
1.60
Colombia
98.24
104.09
Peru
2.25
3.10
Venezuela
0.03
0.03
Uruguay
0.14
0.63
Portugal
16.51
19.83
* Data reported for the first time in 2024.
(1) The supra-banking authority refers to the external financial authority body in each country, where a customer can file a claim.
In 2024, the average time for setting claims at the Group stood at 7 days, down 1.5 days compared to 2023, as a result of the 
aforementioned optimization of management processes in Argentina, Spain and Uruguay, the three countries with the longest 
response times in 2023. The increase in claims in Colombia and Venezuela has slightly impacted their resolution times. 
AVERAGE TIME FOR SETTING CLAIMS BY COUNTRY (NATURAL DAYS) (1)
2024
2023
Spain
11.07
12.78
Mexico
4.88
4.70
Turkey
3.45
3.74
Romania
15.11
*
Argentina
10.38
15.89
Colombia
8.42
7.34
Peru
5.79
6.25
Venezuela
10.78
9.46
Uruguay
14.00
20.54
Portugal
6.41
3.62
* Data reported for the first time in 2024.
(1) The claims considered for the calculation of the average resolution time include those received and resolved during the same financial year
Consolidated Management Report Consolidated Non-financial Information Statement
162
This English version is a translation of the original in Spanish for information purposes only. In case of a discrepancy, the Spanish original will prevail.
81 The claims handled by these units cover banking entities located in the geographical areas indicated in this section and include retail and corporate banking businesses.

Claims resolved using the FCR model, which consists of resolving the incident at the same time it occurs, thus providing quality 
service and improving the customer experience, increased to 12.1% of total claims, thanks to an increase in the ratio in Mexico, Turkey 
and Argentina (countries that account for 91% of the volume of the Group's complaints resolved through FCR) offsetting the slight 
drop in the ratio in Peru and Colombia.
CLAIMS SETTLE BY FIRST CONTACT RESOLUTION (FCR. PERCENTAGE OVER TOTAL CLAIMS)
2024
2023
Spain (1)
n.a.
n.a.
Mexico
12.57
10.06
Turkey (2)
45.83
44.81
Romania (1)
n.a.
n.a.
Argentina
8.78
2.56
Colombia (2)
15.54
23.87
Peru
3.32
4.64
Venezuela (1)
n.a.
n.a.
Uruguay
2.56
4.36
Portugal (1)
n.a.
n.a.
n.a.: not applicable.
(1) In Spain, Portugal, Romania and Venezuela this type of procedure is not applied since claims are received on paper or by electronic means.
(2) In Colombia and Turkey, FCR is considered first level resolution, that is, by the Front in less than 48 hours.
Substantiated claims82 regarding privacy breaches and loss of customer data filed with the relevant supra-bank authorities in the 
countries represent 0.004% of total claims (0.003% in 2023), driven by a slight increase in Turkey.
Although the ratio of claims per 10,000 customers was reduced by 1.5%, the total volume of claims in 2024, whose breakdown by 
country is shown in the table below, represents a 6% increase in the volume of claims compared to the figure for 2023. The main 
reason for this was the ruling of the Court of Justice of the European Union (CJEU) regarding the refund of mortgage loan origination 
fees in Spain, whose deadline for processing mortgage claims was April 14, 2024, and which led to a 59% increase in claims in Spain. 
Mexico has also seen its claims volume increase as a result of natural customer growth (its ratio per 10,000 customers has been 
maintained at 2024 vs. 2023). These facts blur the improvements implemented in the claims management process in the Group, 
especially the 24% improvement in Peru.
TOTAL VOLUME OF CLAIMS (BBVA GROUP. MILLIONS OF CLAIMS)
2024
2023
Spain
0.27
0.17
Mexico
1.34
1.22
Turkey
0.25
0.24
Romania
0.01
*
Argentina
0.84
0.81
Colombia
0.14
0.13
Peru
0.35
0.45
Venezuela
0.02
0.01
Uruguay
0.02
0.02
Portugal
—
—
* Data reported for the first time in 2024.
Consolidated Management Report Consolidated Non-financial Information Statement
163
This English version is a translation of the original in Spanish for information purposes only. In case of a discrepancy, the Spanish original will prevail.
82 Complaints that have been resolved in favor of the customer are considered to be well-founded.

Customer Support Service and Customer Ombudsman in Spain
The activities of the Customer Support Service (CSS) and the Customer Ombudsman in 2024 were carried out in accordance with 
Article 17 of Ministerial Order (OM) ECO/734/2004, of March 11, of the Ministry of Economy and in compliance with the competencies 
and procedures set out in the Group’s Customer Protection Regulation in Spain, approved on July 23, 2004 by the Group’s Board of 
Directors and successive modifications (the last one on February 25, 2021). Article 5 that this Regulation states that the CSS and the 
Customer Ombudsman must present, to the BBVA Board of Directors within the first quarter of each year, a joint or separate 
explanatory report for all the entities of the BBVA Group included in the scope of this Regulation, containing statistical summaries, the 
general criteria contained in the decisions issued in relation to the most frequently complained about matters and recommendations 
and suggestions to improve the service provided to customers and avoid bad banking practices.
Based on the aforementioned regulations, the SAC is entrusted with the function of attending to and resolving complaints and claims 
received from customers in relation to products and services marketed and sold in Spanish territory by BBVA Group entities.
Meanwhile, and also based on the aforementioned regulations, the Customer Ombudsman hears and resolves, in the first instance, 
the complaints and claims submitted by members and beneficiaries of pension plans, as well as those relating to insurance and other 
financial products that the BBVA Group’s CSS sees fit to transfer due to the amount involved or particular complexity, as established 
in Article 4 of the Customer Protection Regulation. In the second instance, it hears and resolves complaints and claims, within the 
quantitative limits established by the Regulation, that customers decide to submit for its consideration after their claim hsa been 
rejected by the CSS.
Activity report of the Customer Support Service in Spain
At BBVA, customer protection is considered a fundamental priority, and despite the best efforts made and the control measures in 
place, this is not an error-free activity. Therefore, it is essential to anticipate the possibility of such errors occurring and to proceed 
proactively to correct them. To do so, the relevant protocols and delegations must be implemented so that this process is as quick as 
possible without the need to file a claim.
To this end, the CSS is responsible for internally transferring the criteria and recommendations that regulators make clear in their 
reports, promoting compliance with applicable regulations on transparency and customer protection. The service also ensures 
compliance with the good banking practices and customs applied at BBVA. To this end, it participates in the various internal 
communication channels aimed at the commercial network or in the committees that authorize the creation of new products and 
services, among many other forums.
The CSS is also tasked with addressing and resolving complaints from BBVA Group customers in Spain in a timely manner. It thus 
constitutes an early alert mechanism for problems arising from the marketing of products or services and/or the relationship 
between the bank and its customers.
The management of these claims leads to actions aimed not only at solving the particular case, but also at detecting the causes that 
give rise to the claim. The CSS continuously analyses data on the management of claims in order to identify and address recurring or 
systemic problems, along with potential legal, operational and conduct risks.
As a result of this analysis and evaluation work, the SAC coordinates and heads up various committees and working groups in which 
BBVA's recurring, systemic or potential problems are highlighted and in which solutions aimed at the continuous improvement of the 
service provided by BBVA are studied, assessed and promoted.
The CSS, in line with BBVA's values, provides coherence and meaning to all operations, playing an essential role in BBVA’s 
relationship with its customers.
In 2024, the BBVA Group’s CSS received a a total of 268,603 (167,998 in 2023) complaints from BBVA Group users in Spain of which 
156,938 were admitted (138,827 in 2023). Meanwhile, 112,638 cases were not admitted for processing because they failed to comply 
with the requirements set out in OM ECO/734 (including complaints pending at the end of 2023).
During the same period, 163,721 complaints were resolved by the CSS (including complaints pending at the end of 2023). A total of 
3,403 complaints were pending analysis as of December 31, 2024.
The increase in claims is mainly due to the increase in claims related to the costs of formalizing mortgage loans.
Additional claims data as of December 31, 2024 and 2023 are broken down below:
COMPLAINTS HANDLED BY THE CUSTOMER CARE SERVICE BY COMPLAINT TYPE (BBVA IN SPAIN. PERCENTAGE %)
Type
2024
2023
Resources
17
24
Active Products
36
23
Cards
18
20
Fraud
10
11
Quality of service and advice
5
6
Insurance
4
5
Services, receipts
3
4
Fixed and variable income securities
1
1
Other
6
6
Total
100
100
Consolidated Management Report Consolidated Non-financial Information Statement
164
This English version is a translation of the original in Spanish for information purposes only. In case of a discrepancy, the Spanish original will prevail.

COMPLAINTS MANAGED BY CUSTOMER SERVICE ACCORDING TO RESOLUTION (BBVA IN SPAIN. NUMBER)
2024
2023
In favor of the claimant
44,454
43,633
Partially in favor of the claimant
6,081
7,143
In favor of BBVA
113,186
82,457
Total
163,721
133,233
Report on the activity of the Customer Ombudsman in Spain
In 2024, a total of 2,065 customer complaints were submitted to the Customer Ombudsman's Office (2,005 in 2023). Of these, 43 
were not admitted for processing because they failed to meet the requirements set out in Ministerial Order ECO/734/2004, and 76 
remained pending as of December 31, 2024.
42.39% of customers who filed a complaint with the Customer Ombudsman in 2024 obtained some form of satisfaction, total or 
partial, from a resolution by the Customer Ombudsman's Office in 2024 (42.33% in 2023). Customers who are not satisfied with the 
response from the Customer Ombudsman can contact the official supervisory bodies (Bank of Spain, CNMV and Directorate General 
of Insurances and Pensions Funds). A total of 154 complaints were submitted by customers to the supervisory bodies in 2024 (137 in 
2023).
BBVA continues to make progress in implementing the various recommendations and suggestions made by the Customer 
Ombudsman regarding the suitability of products to the profile of customers and the need for transparent, clear and responsible 
information. Throughout 2024, due to the type of complaints received, the Ombudsman's suggestions focused on the need to adopt 
measures to improve customer service protocols, especially in matters such as pension plans and blocking, and, as in previous years, 
to reinforce and improve the measures that the Bank is adopting to prevent and raise awareness among customers about cyber 
fraud.
The data on claims managed by the Office of the Ombudsman by type of claim, at the end of 2024 and 2023, are detailed below:
COMPLAINTS HANDLED BY THE CUSTOMER OMBUDSMAN OFFICE BY COMPLAINT TYPE (BBVA IN SPAIN. NUMBER)
Type
2024
2023
Insurance and welfare products
907
772
Assets operations
28
72
Investment services
31
24
Liabilities operations
128
73
Other banking products (credit card, ATMs, etc.)
316
482
Collection and payment services
492
362
Other
163
220
Total
2,065
2,005
The type of complaints handled in the table above follows the criteria established by the Complaints Department of the Bank of Spain 
in its requests for information.
Meanwhile, data on claims managed by the Office of the Ombudsman according to the decision reached, at the end of 2024 and 2023, 
are as follows:
COMPLAINTS HANDLED BY THE CUSTOMER OMBUDSMAN OFFICE ACCORDING TO RESOLUTION (BBVA IN SPAIN. 
NUMBER)
2024
2023
Formal resolution
—
—
Estimate (in whole or in part)
886
875
Dismissed
1,135
1,168
Processing suspended
—
2
Total
2,021
2,045
Consolidated Management Report Consolidated Non-financial Information Statement
165
This English version is a translation of the original in Spanish for information purposes only. In case of a discrepancy, the Spanish original will prevail.

3.3 Contribution to society
Beyond the positive impact generated directly by the banking business, BBVA also seeks to support society through its social action. 
This activity is mainly embodied in the social programs undertaken by the Group and its foundations, but also includes contributions 
to foundations and non-profit entities, as well as the promotion of a corporate culture of social and environmental support by enabling 
its employees to carry out volunteering actions.
The following breakdowns on BBVA's commitment to contributing to society comply with the requirements of Spanish Law 11/2018 
related to the impact of the activity on society and the actions of association or sponsorship. No material impacts, risks or 
opportunities related to these topics were identified within the framework of the double materiality analysis of the BBVA Group (see 
chapter "Double materiality analysis").
3.3.1 Contribution to the community
When it comes to contributing to the inclusive growth of the societies in which the Group is present, BBVA established the 2025 
Community Investment Goal, through which it would allocate 550 million euros to social initiatives to support inclusive growth and 
reach 100 million people between 2021 and 2025.
Both objectives were met, ahead of schedule, on December 31, 2024, with 594 million euros allocated to social programs 
and almost 106 million people reached.
This plan is structured around three major areas of action and seeks to contribute to the fulfillment of certain Sustainable 
Development Goals (SDG): 
–
Reducing inequalities and promoting entrepreneurship (SDGs 8 and 10): includes initiatives that provide access to basic 
goods and services necessary to improve people's social well-being; training in financial education and digital skills to 
empower the population, improve their financial resilience and promote financial inclusion, employability and digital 
security. It also includes support for vulnerable entrepreneurs through the activities of the BBVA Microfinance Foundation83 
and other programs to support SMEs and entrepreneurs.
–
Creating opportunities for all through education (SDG 4): includes programs to reduce the digital education gap, 
scholarships to support access to quality education, programs for the development of values and competencies, programs 
to support higher education and vocational training. It also includes initiatives for collaboration with public education 
systems and the creation of free, quality content that is disseminated through various channels of the Group, and 
–
Supporting research and culture (SDG 9 and 11): includes initiatives to support researchers and creators in the fields of 
science, culture or economy, support for leading cultural institutions and scientific dissemination.
Additionally, in 2024 BBVA launched a social response plan following the flash floods that struck the Spanish regions of Valencia, 
Castilla la Mancha and Andalusia on October 29, in order to help alleviate the effects of the humanitarian emergency. Among the 
measures adopted, it is worth highlighting the granting of a donation of 4 million euros in favor of the Spanish Red Cross (delivered in 
January 2025), as well as the launch of a donation campaign in favor of said entity, which has channeled donations from employees, 
customers and non-customers worth about 7.4 million euros through Bizum.
In 2024, the Group allocated 182 million euros in community contributions (175 million euros in 2023) representing 1.72% of the 
adjusted attributable profit. Through this contribution, 85 million people have been reached during the year.
BBVA puts this contribution to the community into practice through its local banks and foundations, as well as through support for 
other foundations, highlighting:
–
The BBVA Foundation, which focuses its activity on the generation of knowledge. Expanding the frontiers of knowledge is 
one of the most effective ways to successfully address the problems that affect today's society, such as the environment, 
sustainable development, health, demographic change, globalization, social integration and innovation in the service of 
creating opportunities for society as a whole.
–
The BBVA Foundation Mexico Foundation, which focuses its activity on the educational field with a benchmark program, 
“Chavos que Inspiran,” which offers 10 years of support that transforms the lives of talented, low-income young people 
throughout the country, allowing these scholarship recipients to be the first in their family to finish college, rising above the 
poverty line and achieving a socioeconomic level that would have taken their family at least 4 generations to reach.
–
The BBVA Microfinance Foundation, which focuses its activity on supporting vulnerable microentrepreneurs in Colombia, 
Chile, Panama, Peru and the Dominican Republic, through financial services such as microcredits, microinsurance and 
financial and digital education workshops.
BBVA also carries out other notable initiatives to contribute to the community, such as community service activities, alliances with 
environmental organizations, support for non-profit entities, the promotion of corporate responsibility through its involvement in 
different working groups and in initiatives (SDG 17)84.
Consolidated Management Report Consolidated Non-financial Information Statement
166
This English version is a translation of the original in Spanish for information purposes only. In case of a discrepancy, the Spanish original will prevail.
83 Entity that is not part of the BBVA Group's consolidated scope.
84 More information can be found in the “Sustainability Strategy” chapter of this report.

Below is the community contribution in 2024 and 2023 under the 2025 Community Investment Goal by geographic area and 
corporate foundations:
CONTRIBUTION TO THE COMMUNITY (MILLIONS OF EUROS AND PERCENTAGE %) (1)
2024
 % 
2023 (2)
 % 
Spain and corporate areas
28.6
 16 
27.8
 16 
Mexico
107.5
 59 
83.3
 48 
Turkey
8.4
 4 
26.8
 15 
South America (3)
3.6
 2 
4.1
 2 
Foundations (4)
33.9
 19 
33.1
 19 
Total (5)
181.9
 100 
175.1
 100 
(1) To calculate the Community Engagement investment figure, BBVA uses the Business for Societal Impact (B4SI) methodology, an international standard that provides a 
framework for measuring the social and environmental investment that companies make beyond their business. In 2024, this figure is broken down as a contribution in cash 
(76%), management and personnel costs (16%), time (1%) and in-kind (7%). Likewise, when we analyze the motivation of the cash contribution, this is the breakdown in 2024: 
8% one-time contribution, 88% social investment and 4% initiatives aligned with the business.
(2) The data for 2023 differ from those published in the previous Consolidated Non-Financial Information Statement because the estimates included at the end of the 2023 
financial year have been replaced by the actual data available after the publication of said report.
(3) Does not include Uruguay
(4) Includes the BBVA Foundation and the BBVA Microfinance Foundation, which are not part of the consolidated Group.
(5) The total figure is an estimate, of which 93% is the actual investment figure as of November 30, 2024 and 7% is an estimate of the investment made in the month of 
December 2024.
Below is a breakdown of the investment and people reached (as a percentage) of the contribution to the community in 2024 by focus 
of action, as described at the start of this section:
CONTRIBUTION TO THE COMMUNITY (INVESTMENT) 
BY FOCUS. 2024
7%
68%
17%
8%
Reduce inequalities and promote entrepreneurship
Create opportunities for all through education
Support research and culture
Others
CONTRIBUTION TO THE COMMUNITY (PEOPLE 
REACHED) BY FOCUS. 2024
14%
72%
14%
Reduce inequalities and promote entrepreneurship
Create opportunities for all through education
Support research and culture
Consolidated Management Report Consolidated Non-financial Information Statement
167
This English version is a translation of the original in Spanish for information purposes only. In case of a discrepancy, the Spanish original will prevail.

Below is a breakdown by type of person reached and by focal point, of the BBVA Group’s Community Investment Goal in 2024 and 
2023:
PEOPLE REACHED BREAKDOWN BY TYPE AND FOCUS AREAS (MILLIONS OF PEOPLE) (1)
Direct beneficiaries (2)
Indirect beneficiaries (3)
Unique users (4)
Focus area/Type of people reached
2024
2023 (5)
2024
2023 (5)
2024
2023 (5)
Reduce inequalities and promote 
entrepreneurship
4.4
4.5
6.9
6.5
0.2
0.2
Create opportunities for all through 
education
1.4
1.0
1.0
1.0
58.9
55.5
Support research and culture
1.7
3.2
—
—
10.6
8.7
(1) To calculate the number of direct beneficiaries in the Community Commitment, BBVA uses the Business for Societal Impact (B4SI) methodology, an international standard 
that provides a framework for measuring the social and environmental investment that companies make beyond their business. In 2024, the people reached data are estimates; 
95% of the figure is the actual number of people reached as of November 30, 2024 and 15% is an estimate of the number of people reached in December 2024.
(2) Data on persons who participate directly in the programs and initiatives developed or promoted by BBVA and who therefore receive a direct benefit.
(3) Data on persons who are related to the participant of the initiatives and programs promoted and developed by BBVA and who receive an indirect benefit.
(4) Data on the number of people accessing free and quality content on different BBVA platforms.
(5) The data for 2023 differ from those published in the previous Consolidated Non-Financial Information Statement because the estimates included at the end of the 2023 
financial year have been replaced by the actual data available after the publication of said report.
Below are the 2025 targets and progress since 2021 in terms of investment and people reached for the 2025 Community Investment 
Goal by focus of action.
GOALS AND PROGRESS RELATED TO THE CONTRIBUTION TO THE COMMUNITY (1) (MILLIONS OF EUROS AND MILLION 
PEOPLE)
Community investment (2)
People reached (3)
2025 Goal
2021-2024 
Progress
2025 Goal
2021-2024 
Progress
Reduce inequalities and promote entrepreneurship
155
79.6
22
19.9
Create opportunities for all through education
215
370.5
53
65,1
Support research and culture
180
117.3
25
20.8
Total (4)
550
567.4
100
105.8
Other (5)
—
26.8
—
—
Total
550
594.2
100
105.8
(1) To calculate the amount of investment and direct beneficiaries in the Contribution to the Community, BBVA uses the Business for Societal Impact (B4SI) methodology, an 
international standard that provides a framework for measuring the social and environmental investment that companies make beyond their business. The investment and 
people reached figures for 2024 are estimated figures. In relation to the investment figure, 93% is the actual figure as of November 30, 2024 and 7% is an estimate of the 
investment made in December 2024. In relation to the people reached figure, 95% of the figure is the actual number of people reached as of November 30, 2024 and 5% is an 
estimate of the people reached in December 2024.
(2) This progress chart considers community investment for the years 2021, 2022, 2023 and 2024 with a global scope.
(3) This progress table considers the net direct beneficiaries for the years 2021, 2022, 2023, 2024 and the net indirect beneficiaries for the years 2021, 2022, 2023 and 2024. For 
the calculation of net unique users, only the unique users of the current year are considered, as it is not possible to identify how many users from one year repeat the following 
year.
(4) This total figure shows the objectives and progress of investment and people reached within the framework of the Goal 2025 of the investment in the Community and its 3 
focuses of action.
(5) This figure includes the target and progress of investment and people reached not aligned to the focuses of the Goal 2025 of the investment in the Community.
Consolidated Management Report Consolidated Non-financial Information Statement
168
This English version is a translation of the original in Spanish for information purposes only. In case of a discrepancy, the Spanish original will prevail.

3.3.2Other contributions to society 85
As regards contributions to foundations and non-profit entities86, the overall figure in 2024 was 17.987 million euros (42.3 million euros 
in 2023). In 2024, the Group made:
–
167 donations to foundations and other non-profit social entities with a social purpose for an amount of 5.4 million euros, 
which include both one-off contributions and those that contribute to social programs (in 2023, 158 donations amounting to 
30.8 million euros).
–
182 contributions (not donations) to foundations and other non-profit social entities for an amount of 4.7million euros (in 
2023, 146 contributions amounting to 1.9 million euros), including partnership and sponsorship actions.
–
383 contributions, of a non-social nature (dues, institutional contributions and commercial sponsorships) to foundations, 
business associations, lobbies, think-tanks and other non-profit entities amounting to 7.7 million euros (in 2023, 413 
contributions, of a non-social nature amounting to 9.6 million euros).
The number of contributions shows a significant decrease compared to 2023, mainly due to the fact that in that year an extraordinary 
donation of approximately 20 million euros was made by Garanti BBVA to alleviate the effects of the earthquake in Turkey.
3.3.3Volunteer work
In its General Sustainability Policy, BBVA expresses its desire to promote a corporate culture of social and environmental support by 
enabling its employees to carry out volunteering activities. This policy applies in all countries where the Group is present.
BBVA's corporate community service initiatives encourage employee collaboration to generate a significant social impact, increase 
sense of pride in belonging, satisfaction and productivity, and position BBVA as a benchmark company when it comes to corporate 
volunteering, thus increasing its appeal to both existing and potential employees. 
Volunteering is a key element in developing the approaches and lines of work of the 2025 Community Investment Goal (explained 
above in the section “Contribution to the community”). In fact, the 2030 Agenda for Sustainable Development has explicitly 
recognized volunteering as a vehicle for sustainable development and volunteer groups as actors in achieving the seventeen SDGs. 
Furthermore, volunteering activities are aligned with BBVA's Purpose and values. 
A total of close to 13,500 thousand BBVA employees took part in community service initiatives during 2024 (around 12 thousand in 
2023), having dedicated close to 43,000 hours (82% during working hours and 18% outside of working hours). The time dedicated by 
employees in 2024 is equivalent to a contribution of 1 million euros (around 485 thousand euros in 2023). 
Consolidated Management Report Consolidated Non-financial Information Statement
169
This English version is a translation of the original in Spanish for information purposes only. In case of a discrepancy, the Spanish original will prevail.
85 The data for 2023 differ from those published in the previous Consolidated Non-Financial Information Statement because the estimates included at the end of the 2023 
financial year have been replaced by the actual data available after the publication of said report.
86 Information provided in compliance with section IV of article one of Law 11/2018. Does not include contributions made by Garanti BBVA.
87 The figure for contributions to foundations and non-profit entities is estimated. 76% of the figure corresponds to contributions actually made before November 30, 2024, while 
24% is an estimate of contributions expected to be made in December 2024.

4. Governance information
4.1 Business conduct
4.1.1 Corporate culture and Code of Conduct
4.1.2 Whistleblowing Channel
4.1.3 Corruption and bribery
       4.1.4 Anti-money laundering and financing of terrorism
4.1.5 Additional topics covered by the Compliance system
4.2 Suppliers
4.3 Fiscal contribution and transparency
The BBVA Group is fully committed to the development of its activities and businesses, in compliance with current legislation and 
standards of ethics and business conduct, both nationally and internationally. To achieve this, it has a compliance system built around 
the Code of Conduct (published on the BBVA corporate website, www.bbva.com), the internal control model and the Compliance 
function.
As set out in the chapter “Double materiality analysis”, BBVA has identified the following impacts, risks and opportunities (IROs) 
related to business conduct:
–
Contributing to socio-economic well-being through the prevention and fight against money laundering and terrorist 
financing.
–
Reputational risk, litigation and sanctions derived from unethical activities, such as corruption, fraud or bribery.
–
The risk of legal or regulatory sanctions, that could imply significant financial or reputational losses for BBVA as a result of 
(i) non-compliance of the applicable internal or external legislation and regulations regarding money laundering and 
terrorist financing or (ii) the use of BBVA products and services for illicit purposes linked to money laundering and/or 
terrorist financing.
–
Reputational risk, litigation and sanctions arising from inadequate or inaccessible claim mechanisms such as the 
whistleblowing channel.
In addition to the IROs identified as material, the Group's compliance system covers other issues such as market conduct, the 
prevention and management of conflicts of interest and competition protection.
This section details also information regarding suppliers and tax contribution and transparency in order to comply with certain 
requirements of Law 11/2018.
Consolidated Management Report Consolidated Non-financial Information Statement
170
This English version is a translation of the original in Spanish for information purposes only. In case of a discrepancy, the Spanish original will prevail.

4.1 Business conduct
The role of the supervisory bodies
The Board of Directors has approved the BBVA Code of Conduct, which was last updated in July 2024, to align it with new 
developments in the business and the environment in which BBVA operates, and to meet the expectations of the societies in which 
the Group is present.
In order to better carry out its functions in the control and management of the Group's risks, including internal risk control and non-
financial risks, the Board of Directors has the support of the Risk and Compliance Committee, which is composed exclusively of 
independent directors, including its Group Executive Chairman , and which has, among other functions, that of assisting the Board in 
supervising the Compliance function and the implementation of the risk and compliance culture in the Group.
The Compliance function is integrated into the Regulation and Internal Control area, whose Head is appointed by the Board of 
Directors and reports hierarchically to this body. Likewise, it is the responsibility of the Risk and Compliance Committee to supervise 
the effectiveness of this function, ensuring that it has the necessary material and human resources for the effective performance of 
its functions, analyzing and, where appropriate, approving its annual work plan and monitoring its compliance. 
The Regulation and Internal Control area includes, among others, the Non-Financial Risk, Internal Control Risk and Compliance units, 
and is therefore responsible for, among other things, the proper functioning of the Group's internal control model. The Head of the 
Regulation and Internal Control area reports to the Board of Directors, both directly and through the Risk and Compliance Committee.
In particular, the Head of the Regulation and Internal Control area reports monthly to the Risk and Compliance Committee and 
quarterly to the Board of Directors on the activities carried out by her area, as well as on any incidents that may arise and the actions 
to address them. Likewise, the Risk and Compliance Committee receives periodic information from the Global Head of the 
Compliance unit and, where appropriate, from other Group executives who report to this Committee. All of this is in order for the 
Committee to be able to properly exercise its functions of ensuring compliance with the applicable regulations in matters related to, 
among others, conduct with customers, the prevention of money laundering and terrorist financing, conduct in the securities 
markets, data protection, and the scope of the Group's actions in matters of competition. 
The Compliance function at BBVA is a global second line of defense function. This function is entrusted by the Board of Directors with 
the task of promoting and supervising, independently and objectively, that BBVA acts with integrity, particularly in key areas such as 
the prevention of money laundering and terrorist financing (hereinafter, PBC&FT), conduct with customers, conduct in the securities 
markets, protection of personal data, prevention of corruption and other aspects of corporate conduct (hereinafter, “Compliance 
matters”).
The Board of Directors approves both the Charter of the Compliance Function, as well as the general policies associated with it, 
following analysis by the Risk and Compliance Committee, which also supports the Board in supervising its implementation, through 
the continuous monitoring and follow-up of the Compliance activity and programs in the Group. 
The strategic aspects and approval of internal regulations of the Compliance function are established and submitted for consideration 
by several executive committees, including the Internal Control and Regulation Committee, the Global Compliance Committee and 
the Internal Control Body for the prevention of money laundering and terrorist financing (PBC&FT).
BBVA's Compliance model has periodic cycles of risk identification and assessment that allow for the development of a management 
strategy. This process results in the review and update of the multi-year strategy, as well as the development of annual lines of action 
aimed at maintaining and, where appropriate, strengthening mitigation and control measures, as well as the ongoing process of 
review and improvement of the model itself. These lines are incorporated as part of the Annual Plan of the Regulation and Internal 
Control function, which is analyzed and, where appropriate, approved by the Risk and Compliance Committee .
Consolidated Management Report Consolidated Non-financial Information Statement
171
This English version is a translation of the original in Spanish for information purposes only. In case of a discrepancy, the Spanish original will prevail.

Additionally, the Compliance model is subject to continuous review and testing through annual verification processes in the different 
countries. These processes include inspections carried out by supervisory bodies, internal and external audits, as well as the 
Compliance Testing activity itself carried out by specialized teams in the Compliance units. In relation to this activity, during 2024 a 
special focus has been placed on the review of the AML/CFT and customer conduct risk management frameworks and processes.
In relation to the experience of the members of the Board of Directors in matters of business conduct, BBVA has been implementing 
mechanisms to ensure that the members of the Board of Directors have the necessary knowledge to address these matters 
effectively both within the Board and in the various Committees of which they are part.
Thus, firstly, the members of the Board of Directors have diverse and solid experience in key areas including issues related to 
business conduct and internal control, such as the prevention of money laundering and terrorist financing, non-financial risk 
management, regulatory compliance, etc. 
This experience is reflected both in the training of the members of the Board of Directors and in their professional career and 
experience (in general, both in management and supervision in national and international entities, public, private, etc.). 
Specifically, for the development of functions related to business conduct and internal control, the Risk and Compliance Committee 
assists the Board in supervising internal control, which includes the Compliance function, and in implementing risk and compliance 
cultures in the Group . 
As a result of its activity and the set of reports it receives, the Risk and Compliance Committee has a complete and transversal image 
of all the financial and non-financial risks of the Bank and its Group, which is complemented by the monitoring, in greater detail, of 
some non-financial risks by other Committees of the Board, such as accounting, tax and public information (reporting) risks by the 
Audit Committee, or technological and cybersecurity risks by the Technology and Cybersecurity Committee.
The functions of the Risk and Compliance Committee include examining draft codes of ethics and conduct and their respective 
amendments, which have been prepared by the corresponding area of the Group, and issuing its opinion prior to the proposals that 
are to be made to the Corporate Bodies. In addition, from the executive level, the Committee is informed about the processes and 
control systems that the Group has in place for the supervision and control of these matters, which allows the directors to have 
greater knowledge of these matters.
This Committee is made up entirely of independent directors, who have relevant experience and knowledge in matters related to 
business conduct and internal control.
Added to this is the information that is submitted to the Board and the Committees by those responsible for these matters (in the 
areas of internal control to the Board and the Risk and Compliance Committee, and Internal Audit to the Board and the Audit 
Committee, among others).
In addition, to reinforce and update the knowledge of the members of the Board of Directors in matters of business conduct, BBVA 
has a continuous training program, specifically designed to address critical issues related to the functions of the Board. This annual 
program is adapted to the needs of the Bank at any given time with the aim of updating knowledge of matters relevant to the 
performance of its functions and as a complement to the knowledge and competencies of the directors. In setting up the training 
program for directors, consideration is given to, on the one hand, changes in the business environment or in the regulatory or 
supervisory sphere that may arise at any given time (including those that may affect matters of business conduct); and, on the other 
hand, specific suggestions and requests from directors on issues of interest to them.
The Compliance function
Supervisory structure and accountability to the Board of Directors 
The Compliance function is part of the Regulation & Internal Control area, which has a clear hierarchical structure and reports directly 
to the Board of Directors, through the Risk and Compliance Committee. This Committee supervises the effectiveness of the 
Compliance function, ensuring that it has the necessary material and human resources to perform its functions.
The Regulation & Internal Control area also includes the specialist units of Non-Financial Risk and internal control, which act as the 
second line of defense against the risks to which the Group is exposed. To reinforce its independence in the performance of its 
functions, the Head of the Regulation & Internal Control area reports monthly to the Risk and Compliance Committee and periodically 
to the Board of Directors on the activities carried out, incidents detected and measures adopted.
In addition, the Risk and Compliance Committee receives periodic reports from the Global Head of the Compliance unit and, if 
necessary, from other Group executives who report to her. This enables the Committee to perform its supervisory functions, ensuring 
compliance with applicable regulations on issues such as AML/FT, anti-corruption and data protection.
The Compliance area operates under a risk management approach, aligned with the standards of the Group's internal control model. 
Its activities include, among others, conducting periodic assessments of risks associated with Compliance issues ("Compliance risk"), 
advising on the required mitigation measures, supervising the first line of defense, responding to audits and inspections carried out by 
the competent authorities, as well as managing and escalating relevant incidents or findings to Senior management.
Consolidated Management Report Consolidated Non-financial Information Statement
172
This English version is a translation of the original in Spanish for information purposes only. In case of a discrepancy, the Spanish original will prevail.

The Board of Directors is responsible for approving both the Compliance statute and the associated policies (“ Compliance Policies”), 
delegating to the Risk and Compliance Committee the supervision of its implementation, which ensures a specific and continuous 
monitoring of the Compliance activity and programs at a global level. In this way, the Compliance function has a comprehensive 
management framework predicted on internal regulations, management programs and their corresponding disclosure, training and 
awareness initiatives, as well as monitoring and follow-up schemes, thereby promoting proactive risk management and a culture of 
integrity throughout the organization.
In addition, in order to properly perform its functions, the Compliance unit has an organizational structure and internal systems 
aligned with the principles of internal governance established by European guidelines on this matter. This organization and the 
development of its activities are governed by the principles of the Bank for International Settlements (BIS) and current regulations 
governing compliance.
Compliance Management Model 
The Compliance area is made up of a corporate unit with a Group-wide purview, led by a global leader, as well as local units in each 
geographic area where BBVA operates. These local units, led by managers designated for each geography, share the assigned 
mission and perform the Compliance function in the countries where BBVA operates.
The function has managers specialized in each aspect relating to compliance and who help define and articulate the strategy and 
manage matters from an operational standpoint. They are also responsible for the execution and continuous improvement of the 
internal processes of the area.
The Compliance framework is structured around the Code of Conduct, the Compliance Charter and the Compliance Policies, and is 
supported by a series of specific programs and a cross-cutting technological and data infrastructure that optimizes risk management. 
Among the tools implemented, there is a global Internal Regulation portal, specific tools for recording gifts and events, conflicts of 
interest, customer monitoring and prevention of market abuse, prevention and risk management of money laundering and terrorist 
financing, as well as management of the Whistleblowing Channel.
Strategy and monitoring model
The strategic aspects and approval of internal regulations in the Compliance area are established and reviewed by key executive 
committees, including the internal control and Regulation Committee, the Global Compliance Committee and the internal AML/FT 
control body. Compliance Policies are also submitted to the Risk and Compliance Committee and are ultimately approved by the 
Board of Directors.
Within this framework, the Compliance model has periodic cycles of risk identification and assessment that allow for the management 
strategy to be adjusted and strengthened accordingly. This process includes the review of the strategy on a multi-year basis, the 
development of annual lines of action to reinforce mitigation and control measures, as well as detailed monitoring of Compliance 
risks. The results of the aforementioned cycles represent inputs for the development of the annual lines of action for the Compliance 
area, which are communicated to the Risk and Compliance Committee.
These risks are monitored in accordance with the BBVA Group’s Compliance model, which incorporates specific management 
indicators enabling the supervision and evaluation of the policies and controls in place.
The main indicators, together with those shown in the sections “Responsible use of data” and “Transparency in the information 
provided to customers about products and services” within the chapter “Consumers and end users” of this report, are the following:
–
Indicators related to the management of the Whistleblowing Channel, which allow the Group to monitor the number of 
complaints received and their distribution by country, area and type, as well as the results of their handling.
–
Integrity indicators (including corruption and bribery), which are regularly monitored by the executive team and taken into 
consideration for the purposes of promoting improvement actions where appropriate. These indicators include training 
data, identified sources of unethical conduct, data on disciplinary cases, data on identified and managed conflicts of interest 
and weaknesses identified in independent reviews. Actions arising from these indicators are regularly monitored by the 
executive team.
–
Anti-money laundering prevention indicators, which monitor transactions and customers flagged as high risk, as well as the 
number of alerts generated, reviewed and escalated in terms of Anti-money laundering and financing of terrorism (AML/
FT).
In the case of indicators related to AML/FT, there are reference thresholds enabling the Group to detect significant deviations. In the 
event of any such deviations, the necessary processes are triggered to analyze their origin and apply the corresponding action plans. 
The other indicators are monitored more closely based on the available information.
In addition, an annual review process is carried out on the Group's non-financial risk map and the map of associated measures and 
controls (Risk and Control Self-Assessment or RCSA). The purpose of this exercise is to ensure the validity and effectiveness of the 
controls in place, detect possible weaknesses and resolve them, thereby providing a consolidated and updated view of the current 
level of risk.
In 2024, the documentation and management of these risks was strengthened by:
–
Updating the Group's Internal Regulation Standard.
–
Running regular verifications in different geographies through internal and external audits and inspections by supervisory 
bodies, as well as Compliance Testing activities.
Consolidated Management Report Consolidated Non-financial Information Statement
173
This English version is a translation of the original in Spanish for information purposes only. In case of a discrepancy, the Spanish original will prevail.

Particular emphasis was placed, in 2024 on reviewing AML/FT and customer conduct frameworks and processes (see sections 
“Transparency in information to customers about products and services” and “Responsible use of data” within the “Consumers and 
end users” chapter). In this regard, specific meetings were held with the Risk and Compliance Committee at which follow-up reports 
on the various programs implemented, independent reviews and other relevant regulatory issues related to Compliance were 
presented .
This approach enables the BBVA Group to manage and proactively monitor the risks mentioned above, ensuring compliance with 
current regulations and promoting a culture of integrity throughout the organization.
In 2024, the corporate bodies have been informed about Compliance issues through different reports. 
Thus, the Board of Directors has been informed by the person responsible for Regulation and Internal Control of the most relevant 
issues in relation to the internal control of the Bank and its Group, including the main issues in the area of Compliance. 
This monitoring was complemented by the supervision and control of compliance issues carried out by the Risk and Compliance 
Committee, both through the periodic presentations of the Compliance Director and through the report of the Compliance Director of 
Spain. In addition to this information, the Risk and Compliance Committee was informed about the results of the independent reviews, 
including specific presentations in which independent experts in different areas of compliance have participated, as well as other 
reports on other regulatory and supervisory issues in this area. 
In addition to all of the above, there is also the information submitted to the Board of Directors on the activity of the Risk and 
Compliance Committee, which was presented by the Chairman of this Committee.
4.1.1
Corporate culture and Code of Conduct
The Code of Conduct establishes that all members of the BBVA Group must act with integrity and accountability, respecting 
applicable laws and regulations, and demonstrating due levels of prudence and professionalism given the trust placed in BBVA by 
customers and shareholders.
In February 2022, the Board of Directors approved an update to the BBVA Code of Conduct to align it with new developments in the 
business and the environment in which BBVA operates, and to meet the expectations of the societies in which the Group is present. 
The new version of the Code of Conduct was communicated to all BBVA employees and made available on the corporate intranet and 
corporate website. This document was subsequently reviewed in July 2024 to adapt and update some provisions to the evolution of 
jurisprudence and BBVA's Internal Regulations. Periodic communication initiatives are also carried out on its contents.
Additionally, in order to raise awareness and knowledge of the Code of Conduct, BBVA has a mandatory corporate course that all 
employees must complete every three years. This course includes messages from members of Senior Management addressing 
various aspects of conduct relevant to the daily activity of BBVA employees. In this way, it reflects the commitment of Senior 
Management to strengthening the culture. The Compliance unit monitors the completion of the course by employees, with 
mechanisms and reminders for those who have yet to complete it.
By the end of December 2024, 92,621 employees had completed this Code of Conduct course, with completion rates exceeding 98% 
in most geographies88. The course includes, among others, content related to customer conduct, leadership style and harassment, 
management of conflicts of interest and relations with suppliers, as well as the proper use of the Whistleblowing Channel.
Additionally, the Group offers various courses on business ethics, including Training on the Anti-corruption Policy.
In this context, notable activities carried out by the Compliance unit in 2024 included that of providing continuous advice on the 
application of the Code of Conduct. More precisely, the Group formally responded to 764 individual queries of different nature 
through the Consultation Channel (631 in 2023), relating, among other types, to the offer, delivery or acceptance of gifts and/or 
personal benefits, as well as attendance and organization of promotional and leisure events (28.7%), the treatment of conflicts of 
interest (21.5%), the selection, hiring and promotion of own staff (12.3%) or the development of other professional activities (11.1%).
Consolidated Management Report Consolidated Non-financial Information Statement
174
This English version is a translation of the original in Spanish for information purposes only. In case of a discrepancy, the Spanish original will prevail.
88 The data excludes employees of the Garanti BBVA Group due to the recent launch of the corporate course in this subsidiary. The calculation criteria excludes those employees 
who are still within the time frame to complete the training.

4.1.2
Whistleblowing Channel
The Whistleblowing Channel is a key mechanism for managing risks associated with business conduct, such as those related to AML/
CFT, corruption and bribery, corporate culture, as well as the protection of whistleblowers. Through this channel, BBVA employees, as 
well as customers, suppliers or any other stakeholder, may report confidentially, and if they wish, anonymously, any behavior that 
violates the Code of Conduct or that breaches applicable legislation, including complaints relating to human rights.
In 2023, BBVA's Board of Directors approved the General Policy for managing communications in the Whistleblowing Channel and 
protecting whistleblowers. This Policy sets out the fundamental principles governing the operation of the Whistleblowing Channel, 
establishes protection measures for both whistleblowers and people affected by the communications, and regulates the management 
of the Whistleblowing Channel in compliance with Law 2/2023, of February 20, on the protection of people who report regulatory 
breaches and the fight against corruption in Spain. Within this framework, BBVA has implemented specific measures to reinforce the 
confidentiality of communications and prevent any kind of reprisal, in line with the requirements of Spanish Law 2/2023. This Policy 
also includes information on accessibility, including the means available for use, as well as guarantees of confidentiality and ease of 
access for all users. The Policy was communicated to all BBVA employees, as well as to employees of the main BBVA subsidiaries in 
Spain and employees in other geographies.
The Whistleblowing Channel Policy is reviewed annually. Additionally, a summary of the content of this Policy is available on the 
shareholders and investors website.
During 2021, the Group implemented, in most of the geographical areas in which it is present, a global Whistleblowing Channel tool 
provided by an external provider. This online platform is accessible to all employees through the corporate intranet, while third parties 
outside BBVA can access it through a public link available on the BBVA Group website (www.bkms-system.com/bbva). This global 
tool raises the standards of security, confidentiality and anonymity of the whistleblower and, therefore, their protection. The 
Whistleblowing Channel is available in Spanish and English 24 hours a day, 365 days a year.
The management of the Whistleblower Channel is the responsibility of the Compliance unit, which follows a structured process 
covering different phases. This process begins with the receipt of the communication and the sending of an acknowledgement of 
receipt to the informant within a maximum period of 7 days. Subsequently, the reported facts are reviewed by independent units 
within BBVA, unrelated to the matter under investigation, to ensure a confidential, objective and impartial review. Subsequently, a 
decision is issued and the case is closed based on the findings obtained, with action taken when necessary. In the event that 
disciplinary measures are adopted, these are determined by an independent committee with powers attributed for this purpose. This 
approach covers the handling of communications related to corruption and bribery cases, among others.
In this context, the Compliance function aims to ensure that complaints are processed diligently and promptly, guaranteeing the 
confidentiality of the investigation processes. Likewise, the fundamental rights of both the informant and the person or persons 
reported are guaranteed, including the presumption of innocence, the protection of personal data, the right to honor and defense, the 
right to receive information and to be heard, and protection against reprisals or any other adverse consequences arising from 
complaints made in good faith.
In recent years, BBVA has implemented specific actions aimed at homogenizing the corporate criteria for managing the 
Whistleblowing Channel across all BBVA Group entities, for example, by holding specific sessions for Compliance staff in different 
geographic areas, in which the application of the corporate criteria for managing the Channel is further explored. Training on the 
proper use of this resource has also been reinforced by including specific content in the Code of Conduct course, aimed at all BBVA 
Group employees, to help ensure that is properly understood and applied.
Consolidated Management Report Consolidated Non-financial Information Statement
175
This English version is a translation of the original in Spanish for information purposes only. In case of a discrepancy, the Spanish original will prevail.

Complaints received in 2024
In 2024, a total of 2,283 complaints were received by the Group, up 10.8% on the previous year, mainly due to the efforts made within 
the Group to raise awareness of the Whistleblowing Channel in recent quarters. The main types of complaints relate to labor relations 
or labor complaints (49.98%), conduct with the customers (18.40%), discrimination or harassment (11.87%)89, fraud (6.96%), 
conflicts of interest (5.56%), potential money laundering (1.62%), privacy and information security (1.62%) and other types (3.99%). 
These communications come from employees (67.7%) and third parties (6.3%). In the remaining cases (26%), the informants did not 
provide this information.
COMPLAINTS RECEIVED BY TYPE (BBVA GROUP, 2024)
49.98%
18.40%
11.87%
6.96%
5.56%
1.62%
1.62%
3.99%
Labor complaints
Customer conduct
Discrimination or harassment
Fraud
Conflicts of interest
Potential money laundering
Privacy and information security
Other typologies
In 2024, a total of 2,59090 complaints were processed. Approximately 36% of the complaints processed in the year resulted in the 
imposition of disciplinary measures, which led to 169 dismissals on disciplinary grounds. None of the complaints processed through 
the Whistleblowing Channel have caused significant economic, criminal or reputational impacts.
4.1.3
Corruption and bribery
The Group's General Anti-corruption Policy, the updated version of which was approved by the Board of Directors in 2023, is a central 
pillar of risk management at BBVA. This Policy serves as the basis for the Corruption Prevention Program and implements the 
principles and guidelines set out in section 5.3 of the Code of Conduct.
The Policy aims to establish the framework for action to prevent, detect and promote the communication of corrupt practices or risk 
situations within the BBVA Group. It also establishes specific guidelines for behavior in sensitive activities or areas, facilitates the 
identification of scenarios that require special caution and ensures that, in case of doubt, appropriate advice is provided.
In terms of its scope, the Policy applies to the Group and to all companies in which the Group has a direct or indirect stake of more 
than 50%. This Policy is therefore mandatory for employees, Senior Management and directors of the Group's companies. 
Furthermore, the Anti-corruption Policy is aligned with the spirit of national and international standards in the fight against corruption, 
taking into account the recommendations of international bodies, such as the United Nations Convention against Corruption, and 
those established by the International Organization for Standardization (ISO).
The Policy has been communicated to all employees and to all members of the governing bodies of BBVA and the Group's main 
subsidiaries. As regards the communication of the Anti-corruption Policy to third parties, the Group has disseminated a public 
statement summarizing its content on the shareholders and investors website.
This Policy is implemented through specific procedures that establish guidelines for action and precautionary measures in situations 
where the risk of corruption could materialize. These procedures include the Rules for Acquiring Goods and Arranging Services, the 
Corporate Rules on Gifts and Events, and regulations related to donations and commercial sponsorships, among others. They apply 
especially to areas that potentially carry a higher risk, such as those that have a relationship with customers, suppliers, agents, 
intermediaries and business partners; those that make donations, commercial sponsorships and contributions; those involved in the 
selection and hiring of personnel; or those with accounting functions or that record transactions. Consequently, this Policy is effective 
at preventing sanctions and litigation arising from cases of corruption, which, in turn, helps to mitigate the reputational risk for the 
Group. 
Consolidated Management Report Consolidated Non-financial Information Statement
176
This English version is a translation of the original in Spanish for information purposes only. In case of a discrepancy, the Spanish original will prevail.
89 For more information on cases of discrimination or harassment that triggered specific action protocols in 2024, see the section “Human rights due diligence process - Claim 
mechanisms”.
90 Some of these communications were received in 2023.

Additionally, in line with the international standards mentioned above, BBVA has, in most of the geographies in which it is present, a 
corporate tool for recording gifts and events. The main objective is to ensure transparency and report any such benefits or perks 
received by employees, such as gifts or invitations to events, given that the receipt of gifts or invitations to events is subject to strict 
acceptance criteria. In addition, as a general rule, BBVA includes in its contracts with suppliers a clause in which they undertake to 
comply with applicable anti-corruption legislation.
Corruption risk management model
In this context and in accordance with its crime prevention model, BBVA has a Corruption Prevention Program that includes the 
following elements:
–
a risk map;
–
a specific governance model;
–
a set of mitigating measures aimed at reducing these risks;
–
procedures for action in the event of risk situations;
–
training and communication programs and plans;
–
indicators aimed at understanding the risk situation and its mitigation and control framework;
–
a whistleblowing channel; and
–
a disciplinary regime.
As for the evaluation of corruption risk in the Group, various types of transactions were evaluated: (I) 175,303 transactions 
(106.58%)91 in relation to AML/FT risk (to see the number of communications made to the corresponding authorities, see the 
following section on “Anti-money laundering and financing of terrorism”); (II) with respect to internal fraud risk, a total of 264,303 
(100%) transactions were analyzed; and (III) from the ML/FT and Corruption risk dimension, a total of 4,348 (100%) third parties in 
the Group's procurement processes have been evaluated.
In addition, in recent years, anti-corruption risk assessments have been carried out at banks in the main geographic areas where the 
Group is present. Based on the overall result of this analysis, it was concluded that the BBVA the Group corruption risk control 
framework is adequate. 
Anti-corruption and anti-bribery training programs
BBVA has a corporate online course in most of the jurisdictions in which it is present, which is mandatory and must be completed 
periodically for all BBVA members, including those areas indicated above as carrying a higher risk of corruption92. More precisely, in 
accordance with BBVA's Mandatory Corporate Training Standard, employees must take this course every 3 years. This course 
provides an introduction to the concept of corruption, addressing the different ways in which it can manifest itself, as well as a set of 
guidelines to prevent and combat it. It teaches learners how to comply with the law and ethical principles, both within the entity and in 
relations with customers, agents, intermediaries, suppliers, business partners, public or private institutions and other third parties 
with whom BBVA interacts.
Consolidated Management Report Consolidated Non-financial Information Statement
177
This English version is a translation of the original in Spanish for information purposes only. In case of a discrepancy, the Spanish original will prevail.
91 Of which 164,477 correspond to 2024, which represents a percentage of 106% due to the reduction in the stock of operations pending resolution since December 2023, during 
2024.
92 This corporate course is expected to be available in Turkey by 2025.

At the end of 2024, a total of 87,704 (95.6%) employees have been trained in this subject, with this information broken down as 
follows: 
PARTICIPANTS IN THE ANTI-CORRUPTION COURSE BY GEOGRAPHICAL AREA AND PROFESSIONAL CATEGORY (BBVA 
GROUP. NUMBER, PERCENTAGE %) (1) 
2024
2023
Enrolled
Undertaken
% Undertaken
Enrolled
Undertaken
% Undertaken
Argentina
6,141
6,132
99.9
6,016
5,988
99.5
Management team
264
260
98.5
219
217
99.1
Managers
1,451
1,450
99.9
1,411
1,405
99.6
Rest of employees
4,426
4,422
99.9
4,386
4,366
99.5
Chile
753
729
96.8
768
696
90.6
Management team
53
52
98.1
51
48
94.1
Managers
113
111
98.2
110
106
96.4
Rest of employees
587
566
96.4
607
542
89.3
Colombia
5,815
5,659
97.3
6,832
6,623
96.9
Management team
201
201
100.0
212
210
99.1
Managers
1,858
1,854
99.8
1,822
1,816
99.7
Rest of employees
3,756
3,604
96.0
4,798
4,597
95.8
Spain
22,216
21,707
97.7
21,703
21,073
97.1
Management team
1,955
1,904
97.4
1,831
1,769
96.6
Managers
10,377
10,239
98.7
10,083
9,922
98.4
Rest of employees
9,884
9,564
96.8
9,789
9,382
95.8
Mexico
45,714
42,500
93.0
41,847
38,999
93.2
Management team
1,512
1,481
98.0
1,487
1,447
97.3
Managers
14,624
13,495
92.3
13,676
12,686
92.8
Rest of employees
29,578
27,524
93.1
26,684
24,866
93.2
Peru
7,447
7,382
99.1
7,204
7,005
97.2
Management team
362
359
99.2
335
328
97.9
Managers
2,510
2,475
98.6
2,409
2,353
97.7
Rest of employees
4,575
4,548
99.4
446
4,324
97.0
Switzerland
121
121
100.0
123
123
100.0
Management team
20
20
100.0
19
19
100.0
Managers
68
68
100.0
72
72
100.0
Rest of employees
33
33
100.0
32
32
100.0
Uruguay
508
502
98.8
563
546
97.0
Management team
53
53
100.0
54
54
100.0
Managers
260
258
99.2
224
220
98.2
Rest of employees
195
191
98.0
285
272
95.4
Venezuela
1,819
1,780
97.9
1,743
1,672
95.9
Management team
65
62
95.4
60
48
80.0
Managers
552
537
97.3
489
466
95.3
Rest of employees
1,202
1,181
98.3
1,194
1,158
97.0
Rest
1,250
1,192
95.4
1,224
1,158
94.6
Management team
292
287
98.3
304
298
98.0
Managers
501
479
95.6
452
432
95.6
Rest of employees
457
426
93.2
468
428
91.5
Total general
91,784
87,704
95.6
88,023
83,883
95.3
(1) The calculation criterion excludes those employees who are still within the time limit to complete the training.
In early December 2024, a new corporate course on this subject was launched in the main geographies in which BBVA is present.
On the other hand, the total number and percentage of members of the boards of directors of the main entities93 that make up the 
Group that have received anti-corruption training since 2021 through to the date of this report is 8994 (100%)
Consolidated Management Report Consolidated Non-financial Information Statement
178
This English version is a translation of the original in Spanish for information purposes only. In case of a discrepancy, the Spanish original will prevail.
93  In reference to the following geographical areas: Argentina, Chile, Colombia, Spain, Mexico, Peru, Switzerland, Turkey, Uruguay and Venezuela.
94 Number not including alternate directors.

Convictions and fines for breaches of anti-corruption and bribery regulations
There were no final criminal convictions delivered in 2024, and nor were any final fines95 handed down in court96 during the year 
against entities comprising the BBVA Group as of December 31, 2024 under a global consolidation regime or against their 
employees97, for having breached applicable anti-corruption and anti-bribery laws.
Notwithstanding the above, and as detailed in the subsection “Corruption risk management model” of this section, BBVA runs an 
Anti-Corruption Program that includes, among other elements, procedures on how to act in the event of a risk situation.
4.1.4
Anti-money laundering and financing of terrorism
Money laundering and financing of terrorism are global phenomena that represent a significant threat to socio-economic 
development and the well-being of society. Advances in financial information, technology and communications have facilitated the 
instantaneous transfer of money flows globally, making their control more complex.
BBVA recognizes the fundamental role that financial institutions must play in preventing these illicit activities and is committed to 
actively contributing to their eradication, complying with the regulations and standards applicable in each jurisdiction in which it 
operates.
In this regard, the prevention of money laundering and terrorist financing is an essential requirement for preserving BBVA's corporate 
integrity. It is also key to maintaining the trust of the stakeholders with whom the Group interacts (mainly customers, employees, 
shareholders and suppliers) in the different jurisdictions where it is present, as well as contributing to the socioeconomic well-being of 
society as a whole.
ML/FT risk management model
As a global financial group, BBVA operates in a variety of social environments whose well-being it is committed to. In this context, 
AML/FT is fully integrated into BBVA's corporate culture. Its practical implementation is reflected in the Group's Code of Conduct, the 
Charter of the Compliance Function , and the BBVA Risk Appetite Framework.
As a result of the above, BBVA implements the Compliance model described above to manage the risk of ML/FT at all the Group's 
branches and subsidiaries. This model integrates the local regulations of the jurisdictions in which BBVA is present, the international 
best practices of the financial sector and the recommendations issued by international organizations, such as the Financial Action 
Task Force (FATF). Thus, the General Policy on AML/FT, approved by the Board of Directors, and the rules and procedures that 
develop it, embody the aforementioned model and provide a standard framework for risk management across the Group, by defining 
the common criteria and the general framework for action.
The Group has continuously evolved its risk management model. Thus, the risk analyses carried out annually allow for the 
reinforcement of controls and, where appropriate, the establishment of additional mitigating measures to strengthen the model.
In this regard, increasing regulatory demands and the sophistication of financial crime mean that the ML/FT risks to which BBVA is 
exposed are constantly changing, which implies a growing challenge to gather and maintain adequate customer knowledge. To 
respond to this challenge, BBVA launched a specific program in 2024 that covers the Group's main geographies. This program 
includes, among other measures, the prior development of global technological pieces (such as the one used to segment customers 
in terms of AML/FT) and the review of certain business processes.
Furthermore, in 2023, BBVA created a global financial crime prevention unit, a first within the Spanish banking industry. With a 
comprehensive vision that prioritizes the prevention and protection of its customers, the objective of this new unit is to strengthen 
financial crime prevention actions by integrating fraud responsibilities and processes related to AML/FT, such as identification, alert 
management and analysis of suspicious transactions, which must be managed by the first line of defense. In this regard, during 2024, 
this unit has finalized the definition of a single, global process for end-to-end alert management.
Technology and data management
Convinced that technology and proper data management are essential to effectively implement the AML/FT program and proactively 
protect customers, the bank and society, BBVA has prioritized improving its technological infrastructure and using advanced 
analytical techniques and models:
–
In terms of technological infrastructure, in 2024 BBVA began the in-house development of an Anti-Money Laundering 
(AML) case manager enabling it to make the aforementioned alert management process operational. Starting in Spain, this 
development will be progressively rolled out across the Group starting in 2025. In the short run, the case manager will 
incorporate artificial intelligence capabilities to assist the investigator in generating a narrative that supports the 
classification of the case. 
Consolidated Management Report Consolidated Non-financial Information Statement
179
This English version is a translation of the original in Spanish for information purposes only. In case of a discrepancy, the Spanish original will prevail.
95 According to the definition of the term “conviction” established in Regulation (EU) 2019/816, civil liability arising from the crime is therefore excluded, given its civil nature.
96 The criteria established by the competent authority that has decided not to publish or to delay the publication of a sanction for reasons such as those mentioned in art. 56.5 of 
Law 10/2010, of April 28, on the prevention of money laundering and the financing of terrorism, will be adopted.
97 Cases of which the entity has become aware by being a party to the procedure are reported.

–
Regarding data exploitation, the Group continues to develop various applications of new data-based technologies (artificial 
intelligence, business analytics, GenAI, etc.) to improve AML/FT processes. These efforts seek to: 
•
enhance risk detection capabilities, such as building advanced analytical models to detect suspicious activities linked 
to shell companies, networks and mule accounts;
•
make these processes more efficient;
•
strengthen analysis and research capabilities.
Additionally, taking advantage of the creation of a global Compliance data model, BBVA evolved its global supervision model during 
2024, which allows for a centralized analysis, with a "hawk-eye" approach on AML/FT processes, thus improving the capacity for 
data-driven decision-making.
Monitoring and Review Model
The internal control Body for AML/FT, which BBVA has at the corporate level, meets regularly to supervise the implementation and 
effectiveness of the ML/CFT risk management model across the Group. Meanwhile, the Operational internal control Body manages 
more operational aspects, which allows for clearer traceability of the decisions adopted for the daily management of ML/FT risk.
In this context, the ML/FT risk management model undergoes regular independent reviews, carried out by both the Compliance 
Testing teams and by internal and external audits and those carried out by local supervisory bodies, both in Spain and in the rest of 
the jurisdictions.
In accordance with Spanish regulations, an external expert conducts an annual review of the AML/FT program implemented in Spain. 
In 2024, the external expert concluded that "in general terms and taking into account the type of deficiencies detected, The BBVA 
Group's procedures in Spain are in line with current legislation and best market practices, with a positive trend having been observed 
compared to the previous Annual Report." 
Reporting suspicious transactions to the authorities
In 2024, the Group resolved 175,303 investigations that led to 105,867 reports of suspicious transactions sent to the corresponding 
authorities in each country. These operations are mainly concentrated in jurisdictions such as Mexico, Turkey, Argentina and Spain. 
Training programs on money laundering and terrorist financing
When it comes to training in the field of AML/FT, each BBVA Group entity has an annual training plan for employees. This plan, 
defined on the basis of identified needs, sets out training actions such as face-to-face or e-learning courses, videos and brochures 
both for new recruits and for current employees. Likewise, the content of each training action is adapted to the group to which it is 
addressed, including general training derived from applicable internal and external AML/FT regulations, as well as specific training 
relating to the functions performed by the group being trained. In 2024, 101.250 attendees took part in AML/FT training actions.
Collaborations with international organizations in the field of AML/CFT
It is worth highlighting BBVA's collaborative work with various government bodies and international organizations in this area: 
–
Participation in various committees of the European Banking Federation (Executive Committee Financial Crime Strategy 
Group, Anti-Money Laundering & Financial Crime Committee and Financial Sanctions Expert Group), 
–
Member of the working groups on KYC/RBA (Know Your Customer / Risk-based Approach) and Information Sharing of the 
European Banking Federation, member of the AML Working Group of the Institute of International Finance (IIF), 
–
Participation in initiatives and forums aimed at increasing and improving the exchange of information for AML and FT 
purposes, such as the Europol Financial Intelligence Public Private Partnership (EFIPPP), 
–
Participation in the “UNODC (United Nations Office on Drugs and Crime) private sector dialogue on disruption of financial 
crimes related to forestry crimes” as well as contributions to public consultations issued by national and international bodies 
(European Commission, European Banking Authority and GAFI-FATF (Financial Action Task Force), among others).
4.1.5
Additional topics covered by the Compliance system
Conduct in the securities markets and with customers
The BBVA Code of Conduct , mentioned above, not only establishes the guidelines on behavior for all members of the BBVA Group, in 
compliance with applicable laws and regulations, but also defines a set of specific principles for the entity's markets, customers and 
shareholders:
–
Markets: BBVA applies fundamental principles to guarantee integrity and transparency in the markets, preventing market 
abuse and promoting free competition. These principles are set out in the Securities Markets Conduct Policy, applicable to 
the Group , and adapted locally through an Internal Code of Conduct (RIC) for the most exposed employees, more than 
8,000 in the Group . During 2024, Compliance supervised more than 57,474 personal transactions and analyzed 
transactions in the markets, reporting suspicious transactions to local supervisors. In addition, internal regulations were 
reinforced with the Standard on short-selling of financial instruments, and the Standard on Integrity in voluntary carbon 
markets, and the technological infrastructure to detect suspicious transactions continued to be strengthened.
Consolidated Management Report Consolidated Non-financial Information Statement
180
This English version is a translation of the original in Spanish for information purposes only. In case of a discrepancy, the Spanish original will prevail.

Additionally, in relation to fiduciary risk, BBVA understands it as the responsibility to act in the best interest of its customers 
in activities related to the investment of their assets. In this sense, in 2024, this function was strengthened by advancing a 
global fiduciary risk management program, standardizing local approaches and moving forward in the preparation of a 
global report that supports decision-making in the Group.
–
Customers: for more information on the Group's conduct with its customers and the actions promoted by Compliance in 
this area, see the sections “Responsible use of data” and “Transparency in information to customers about products and 
services” within the chapter “Consumers and end users” of this report.
Crime prevention model
Since the introduction of the criminal liability regime for legal entities in Spain , BBVA has developed a criminal risk management 
model based on its general risk management and control model. This model aims to implement specific measures to prevent the 
commission of crimes through a governance structure designed for this purpose.
The crime prevention model is based on three elements: a prevention system, a governance structure and regular reviews of its 
application. The prevention system aims to:
–
Identify the activities carried out at BBVA that carry a risk of incurring criminal liability for the legal entity;
–
Identify the elements in place for controlling, preventing and mitigating such risks; and
–
Developing a specific risk management program for each type of crime for which BBVA could be held criminally liable.
Within this framework, for each of the identified criminal risks, a specialized control area (“assurance providers”) is designated which, 
as part of the criminal risk management program, draws up a risk map for each type together with mitigation measures and action 
plans.
The purpose of the governance structure is to supervise the operation, compliance and effectiveness of the model, as well as to 
identify the units responsible and report regularly to BBVA's governing bodies on the results of the monitoring of the system, 
including any relevant incidents or non-compliance. This model undergoes periodic independent reviews and functions as a dynamic 
and constantly evolving process. The experience acquired in its application, the modifications in the Bank's activity and structure, the 
changes in its control model, as well as legal, economic, social and technological developments, are taken into account for its 
adaptation and continuous improvement. In this context, in 2022 BBVA renewed the AENOR (Spanish Association for 
Standardization and Certification) certificate, which remains valid for 3 years. This certificate, whose validity is reviewed annually 
through an external audit, certifies that its criminal compliance management system complies with Standard UNE 19601:2017.
Defense of competition
In the area of competition protection, the BBVA Competition Policy was approved in July 2019. This Policy, which applies across the 
Group, represented a step forward in the development of standards of conduct on matters relating to competition. The Policy 
expands upon principle 4.16 of the BBVA Code of Conduct on free competition and addresses the most sensitive risk areas identified 
by national and international bodies. These risks include agreements with competitors, agreements with non-competing companies, 
as well as a possible dominant position.
This Policy has been communicated to BBVA employees and has been transposed in the main geographies in which the Group 
operates. In addition, in recent years, various training and awareness-raising actions have been carried out to help ensure that these 
standards are properly understood and observed.
Conflicts of interest
BBVA has a general policy applicable to the Group, designed to reinforce the principles and main measures that all members of BBVA 
must assume and follow to identify, prevent and manage conflicts of interest. This policy is framed within the fundamental principles 
that guide the activity of the BBVA Group, such as integrity, prudence in risk management, transparency, achieving a sustainable 
business in the long term and compliance with applicable legislation.
The policy also addresses key aspects, such as specific measures to prevent the emergence of conflicts, general guidelines on how to 
act should a conflict materialize, and governance and supervision mechanisms at different levels of the organization.
In 2024, the implementation of the new corporate tool for filing and managing conflicts of interest was completed in most of the 
geographic areas in which BBVA is present. Additionally, in 2024, various awareness-raising actions were carried out on conflicts of 
interest.
Consolidated Management Report Consolidated Non-financial Information Statement
181
This English version is a translation of the original in Spanish for information purposes only. In case of a discrepancy, the Spanish original will prevail.

4.2 Suppliers
The following information complies with the requirements of Law 11/2018 related to the inclusion of social, gender equality and 
environmental issues in the procurement policy, consideration of social and environmental responsibility in relations with suppliers, 
and supervision and audit systems and their results, without having identified any material IROs related to suppliers within the 
framework of the BBVA Group's double materiality analysis (see Section "Double materiality analysis").
BBVA provides transparent information to its suppliers in the procurement processes, enduring compliance with the current legal 
framework in all areas, including: tax, labor and environmental matters, human rights, and stimulating the demand for socially 
responsible products and services.
As a part of the procurement process, BBVA adequately manages the impacts generated from carrying out of its activity, both real 
and potential, through a series of mechanisms and rules: the General Procurement Principles, a supplier evaluation process and the 
Corporate Rules on the Acquisition of Goods and the Arranging of Services. These impacts may be environmental, caused by labor 
practices carried out in suppliers' companies; a result of the absence of freedom of association; or related to human rights.
The General Procurement Principles and Code of Ethics for Suppliers of the BBVA Group establish the fundamental guidelines that 
must be followed by all suppliers with which any Group company or entity has dealings.
–
The General Procurement Principles establish, among other aspects, that it is necessary to ensure compliance with all 
applicable legal requirements throughout the provisioning process regarding human, labor, association and environmental 
rights by all parties involved in this process, as well becoming involved in the Group's efforts to prevent corruption. It also 
ensures that the selection of suppliers remains in compliance with existing internal regulations at all times and, in particular, 
with the values of the Group's Code of Conduct, based on respect for legality (among other matters, those related to anti-
corruption), commitment to integrity, competition, objectivity, transparency, value creation, confidentiality, continuous 
improvement and segregation of duties.
–
By implementing the Code of Ethics for Suppliers of the BBVA Group at the purchasing units of all countries in which the 
Group is present, minimum standards of conduct in terms of ethical, social and environmental matters were established 
which suppliers are expected to follow when providing products and services. The clauses of the contracts include in 
general the supplier's obligation to comply with the provisions of the BBVA Group's Code of Conduct and Code of Ethics for 
Suppliers in force at any given time. 
BBVA understands the importance of integrating ethical, social and environmental factors into its supply chain. The Purchasing 
function is based on three cornerstones of the procurement model:
–
Service, maximizing the quality and experience of the internal customer, who is accompanied throughout the process.
–
Risk, limiting the Group's operational risk in supplier contracts, thus ensuring compliance with regulations and processes 
and making specific criteria part of the Group's procurement processes.
–
Efficiency, contributing to the Group's efficiency through active management of costs and suppliers.
BBVA has technological platforms that support all phases of the Group's procurement process, from budgeting to recording and 
accounting for invoices. Moreover, BBVA has a supplier portal that helps to build the Group's online relationship with its suppliers. 
The BBVA Group's supplier evaluation process includes a review of various key aspects, including financial, legal, labor, reputational, 
anti-corruption and money laundering prevention measures, concentration and country risks, sustainability, data protection and 
customer protection. The analysis of these aspects is aimed at mitigating potential risks when contracting with third parties, as well as 
verifying that each supplier complies with its legal obligations, while promoting their civic responsibilities and validate that they share 
the same values as the Group in terms of social responsibility.
The sustainability module covers a broad spectrum of evaluated aspects: (I) compliance with environmental and social regulations, 
(II) management and measurement of environmental impacts, (III) human rights, (IV) control structures, (V) sustainability reporting, 
and (VI) ESG assessment of its supply chain.
Supplier evaluation is reviewed periodically and is subject to continuous monitoring. As of December 31, 2024, of a total of 4,616 
suppliers evaluated during the year, 4,475 were considered suitable and 141 unsuitable, with whom, whenever possible, the working 
relationship is severed or, failing that, an exit plan is established. As of December 31, 2024, the percentage of contract awards made 
to evaluated suppliers reached 99%.
As of December 31, 2024, 97.6% of BBVA's total number of third parties (representing 87.9% of total turnover) corresponded to local 
third parties, thus enabling the BBVA to contribute to the economic and social development of the countries in which the Bank is 
present. A local third party, in this context, is defined by the Group as one whose tax number matches the country of the company 
receiving the goods or services.
Lastly, in 2024, the Internal Audit carried out risk-based assessments of the procurement process and relevant suppliers in different 
areas and geographies. The reviews were carried out following proper procedure and the weaknesses detected will be resolved in due 
course.
Consolidated Management Report Consolidated Non-financial Information Statement
182
This English version is a translation of the original in Spanish for information purposes only. In case of a discrepancy, the Spanish original will prevail.

4.3 Fiscal contribution and transparency
In accordance with the Sustainability General Policy, BBVA operates in compliance with its tax obligations and avoids any practice 
which represents illicit avoidance of its obligations to pay tax or harm to the public treasury. To do so, BBVA has corporate principles 
in tax matters and a fiscal strategy.
In order to comply with certain requirements of Law 11/2018, a description of these principles and strategy is included, as well as the 
processes that accompany their application and the tax contribution of the BBVA Group in the geographies where it operates.
BBVA's guiding principles on fiscal matters
The principles that guide BBVA's tax actions are not removed from its responsible and sustainable way of understanding finance and 
banking. In the tax area, in addition to providing legitimate added value to investors, BBVA's actions must also address other 
stakeholders and must align with the values and commitments that it has undertaken with society in order to bring the age of 
opportunities to everyone.
As such, the principles that guide its actions are:
–
Integrity. In the tax sphere, integrity is defined as the observance of the letter and spirit of the law and the maintenance of a 
cooperative and good faith relationship with the various tax administrations.
–
Prudence. In the tax context, BBVA assesses the implications of its decisions beforehand, including, among other 
assessments, the impact that its activity may have in the geographical areas in which we operate.
–
Transparency. In the tax area, BBVA provides information on its activity and its approach to taxation to customers and 
other stakeholders in a clear and accurate manner.
–
Achievement of a profitable and sustainable business in the long term. The tax function will provide proactive support to the 
Group's business areas, taking into account the explicit commitment to the payment of taxes, respect for human rights, 
prudence in risk management, and a horizon of generating recurring and sustainable results over time.
–
Long-term value creation for its stakeholders. The tax function is aware of the impact of its decisions not only for the BBVA 
Group, but also for society as a whole, and will therefore take into consideration, from a tax perspective, the interests of its 
different stakeholders.
–
Compliance with applicable legislation at all times. 
BBVA's fiscal strategy
The corporate principles described above are the basis on which the General Policy on BBVA's Tax Strategy is structured, the update 
of which was approved by the Board of Directors in November 2023, and made public on its website (www.bbva.com). 
In summary, BBVA's tax strategy includes:
–
The explicit commitment to paying taxes and complying with the tax obligations, taking into account the environmental,
social and corporate governance impacts of tax decisions.
–
The non-use of artificial investment structures, which do not respond to organizational or business reasons, and/or which 
do not have an adequate economic substance for the activity.
–
Restrictions on possible participation in structures in non-cooperative jurisdictions as defined in the applicable regulations, 
which must respond to economic reasons other than tax ones; not to seek to obtain tax advantages, or to undermine 
BBVA's transparency. In any case, the tax code will be applied to them and they will be subject to special control.
–
The performance of reasonable interpretations of tax regulations and double taxation treaties, including in their analysis the 
previous criteria established by the administration.
–
The establishment of internal transfer pricing rules for all transactions between related parties related entities, governed by 
the principles of free competition, value creation and assumption of risk and benefits. This excludes any type of
circumvention through transfer pricing.
–
Adaptation to the new tax environment and challenges posed by the digitalization of the economy.
–
The promotion of a reciprocal cooperative relationship with the various tax administrations, based on the principles of
transparency, mutual trust, good faith and loyalty. In addition, we actively collaborate in clarifying regulations and reducing 
conflict. 
–
The promotion of transparent, clear and responsible reporting of its main tax figures, informing stakeholders of the 
payment of taxes.
–
When preparing any financial product, it takes into account the tax implications for the customers and provides them with 
the relevant information required to meet their tax obligations.
In the BBVA Group, the Board of Directors is responsible for approving its tax strategy. Although the strategy is intended to be 
permanent, it is reviewed annually and will be updated when necessary to better express the Group's tax orientation and 
commitments in tax matters or upon the occurrence of any event that requires its modification.
The strategy is universal in scope and affects all business units and all BBVA employees, regardless of the geographic area in which 
they are located. It is developed through a set of internal tax rules that are reviewed annually to ensure that they reflect best market 
practices and are fully aligned with the Group's strategy.
Consolidated Management Report Consolidated Non-financial Information Statement
183
This English version is a translation of the original in Spanish for information purposes only. In case of a discrepancy, the Spanish original will prevail.

In addition, the Board establishes in this General Policy the guidelines for monitoring compliance .
In compliance with United Kingdom regulations, BBVA makes its tax strategy public for its branch in that jurisdiction. This strategy 
reproduces the Group-wide strategy with the adaptations required by United Kingdom regulations, and is also subject to third party 
review and verification.
In addition to the above, it should be noted that Section 4.6.1 of BBVA's Code of Conduct requires its members to carry out their 
professional activity in such a way that BBVA adequately complies with its tax obligations, avoids any practices that involve illicit tax 
evasion or harm to the public treasury. The application of the Code is monitored by the Group's Compliance area and has its own 
communication and whistle-blowing channel. Accordingly, disciplinary and sanctioning procedures are fully applicable in the event of 
non-compliance. BBVA communicates and trains all staff in this matter.
BBVA is fully committed to transparency in tax matters and voluntarily publishes its overall tax contribution annually in the Tax Policy 
section of the shareholders and investors website. As a financial entity, BBVA also complies, through the corresponding areas, with 
reporting obligations to tax authorities arising from the Foreign Account Tax Compliance Act (FATCA), the Common Reporting 
Standard (CRS), the United States Qualified Intermediary (QI), and the country-by- country report. Furthermore, BBVA Group has 
internal rules and processes in place to comply with the requirements established by Directive 2018/822, of 25 May, 2018, amending 
Directive 2011/16/EU, as regards mandatory automatic exchange of information in the field of taxation in relation to reportable cross-
border arrangements (known as DAC6).
The main characteristics of the Group's tax strategy are:
–
BEPS compliance.
This is inspired by the results of the reports of the Base Erosion and Profit Shifting (BEPS) Project promoted by the G20 and the 
OECD, which aim to align value generation with appropriate taxation where this value is produced. They also reflect the 
commitment to comply with and respect the tax regulation in the jurisdictions in which the Group operates, in accordance with 
Chapter XI of the OECD Guidelines for Multinational Enterprises.
–
It is geared towards social development. 
Taxes constitute BBVA's main contribution to the support of public expenses, thus contributing to the development of the 
societies in which it operates. BBVA's vision shares the views of the European Economic and Social Committee's opinion 
ECO/494 of December 11, 2019, on taxation, private investment and the United Nations' Sustainable Development Goals. For 
BBVA, paying taxes is key to achieving these objectives; in particular, it is clearly associated with the first goal (no poverty); the 
eighth (decent work and economic growth); the tenth (reduced inequalities); and the seventeenth (partnerships for the goals). 
As such, for BBVA, it is not only a matter of contributing the necessary resources in accordance with current legislation so that 
the tax authorities can exercise their policies aimed at complying with the SDGs, but also of taking into consideration legitimate 
public interests in its decision-making process, which implies responsible, compliance-oriented taxation and a proactive attitude 
of cooperation with the tax authorities.
–
Committed to protecting human rights. 
BBVA is concerned with the promotion, protection and assurance of an effective exercise of human rights including in the area 
of taxation, and we have fully embraced the Guiding Principles on Business and Human Rights. Taxation is linked to human 
rights insofar as, through the redistributive action of States, it makes it possible to provide economically disadvantaged persons 
with the means to effectively exercise their rights. BBVA is committed to paying taxes and ensures that these taxes are paid in 
the jurisdictions in which they are collected, aligning its contribution with the effective performance of its economic activity. The 
Group also collaborates with the Tax Administrations of the jurisdictions in which it operates. 
The Group maintains transparent, clear and truthful communication on tax matters with various NGOs committed to human 
rights and, internally, participates in the due diligence actions for the implementation of the Guiding Principles developed by the 
Group's Sustainability area, monitoring the performance of the plans it has launched in this regard.
Control and management of fiscal risk
The BBVA Group has created a Tax Control Framework that is integrated with the rest of the BBVA Group's control model, and which 
complies with the requirements for the improvement of Corporate Governance that Law 31/2014 amending the Spanish Corporate 
Enterprises Act introduced in terms of control and management of tax risk for listed companies.
The BBVA Group's Tax Control Framework is based on its tax strategy and is applicable to all the jurisdictions in which BBVA operates 
and to all the Group's various different areas and businesses. This allows the BBVA Group to carry out an integrated management of 
its tax positions and risks in a manner consistent and in conjunction with other risks.
The BBVA Group's Tax Control Framework is configured around three fundamental lines of action.
1.
Specific plans are carried out annually to identify, mitigate and control tax risk within BBVA Group. The tax function has 
developed BBVA's General Tax Strategy Policy through a set of internal rules and procedures, in which the tax control 
mechanisms are established. 
Periodically, the head of the Group's Tax Department informs the Audit Committee of the most relevant tax information, 
including, among other matters, the Group’s tax rate, the total tax risk, the tax situation in the capital, and the transparency 
report in which the main criteria used and the main tax decisions adopted with an impact on the Group's financial 
information are included.
Consolidated Management Report Consolidated Non-financial Information Statement
184
This English version is a translation of the original in Spanish for information purposes only. In case of a discrepancy, the Spanish original will prevail.

2.
Controls for tax risk management are subject to the annual cycle of review of internal control areas in order to evaluate their 
suitability and effectiveness.
3.
The Group's Internal Audit area conducts periodic tax compliance reviews.
Additionally, a series of specific tax risk indicators have also been developed, which are integrated into the Group's general risk 
management and control framework, to help establish and manage the Group's risk profile in tax matters.
BBVA's tax function carries out the process of evaluating and monitoring these indicators, which allows for:
–
Properly identifying tax risks.
–
 Assessing the impact of the materialization of tax risks.
–
Developing redirection measures that allow dynamic tax risk management.
–
Reporting and generating relevant information on the evolution of tax risks for the Group's Governing Bodies.
Likewise, both the Tax Control Framework and the development and implementation of the strategy and the compliance with tax 
regulations are grounded on technological tools that enable an adequate degree of automation, which allows mitigating operational 
risks and ensures connectivity with the Tax Administrations of the jurisdictions in which it operates.
Finally, the BBVA Group's Control Framework and, in short, the entire tax risk management and control system in the Group, complies 
with the standards established by the UNE 19.602 standard, and is subject to annual review by AENOR. In this regard, and in 
accordance with the provisions of the General Policy on the Group's tax strategy approved by the Board, and in the sense established 
by the UNE19602 standard, the Group has a tax compliance body in charge of ensuring the correct operation and effectiveness of the 
tax risk management systems, without prejudice to the functions that by Law correspond to the corporate bodies.
During fiscal year 2024, the tax compliance body has held 3 meetings in which it has been addressed various issues related to tax 
control and tax risk management in the BBVA Group, as well as the progress and status of the various initiatives and action plans 
carried out.
Cooperation with Tax Administrations
As established by the Group's tax strategy, BBVA maintains a cooperative relationship with the tax administrations of the countries in 
which it operates based on the principles of transparency, mutual trust, good faith and loyalty.
In particular, and with regard to Spain, BBVA is subject to the Code of Best Tax Practices (Código de Buenas Prácticas Tributarias, 
CBPT) adopted by the Large Corporations Forum (of which it is an active member) on July 20, 2010. The Group has once again 
voluntarily submitted the Annual Tax Transparency Report for Companies Adhering to the Code of Best Tax Practices and its 
Corporate Income Tax declaration for the previous year, which included its performance and proposals to strengthen best practices 
on tax transparency, adopted in a plenary session of the Spanish Large Corporations Forum on December 20, 2016, or companies 
adhering to the Code.
In the aforementioned Transparency Report, the most significant criteria used to prepare the Corporate Income Tax Declaration are 
voluntarily explained to the Central Delegation of Major Contributors, and meetings are subsequently held with the tax authorities in 
order to further elaborate on any details that may be required. All of the above is before corresponding inspectorate actions 
commence.
In addition, during this fiscal year 2024 and within the framework of the cooperative relations that BBVA has with the Tax Authority, a 
Self-Assessment Report of the Data Reported in the Country-by-Country Statement corresponding to 2022 has been submitted to 
the Agency. In the process of analyzing these data, BBVA Group has evaluated risks of a fiscal nature on the basis of indicators and 
ratios of a financial character identified by the OECD in its document "OECD (2017), BEPS Action 13 - Country-by-Country Reports: 
Manual on the effective use for the assessment of tax risk".
BBVA also adopted the Code of Practice on Taxation for Banks, a United Kingdom initiative that provides for the approach expected 
from financial institutions in terms of governance, tax planning and engagement with the British tax authorities, in order to promote 
the adoption of best practices in this area, which is published on the HM Revenue & Customs (HMRC) website.
In addition, the Dutch entity of the “GarantiBank International, NV” Group has a cooperative compliance agreement in force with the 
tax authorities of that country under the regime known as “Horizontal Monitoring” and that it is based on the Tax Control Framework 
implemented by that entity.
Furthermore, BBVA is a collaborating financial institution in the collection processes of the geographic areas that request it. BBVA 
collaborates in the tax compliance of its customers, provides them with the necessary information for tax compliance, requires them 
to provide the tax compliance tests required by the regulations, and complies with the reporting provisions set forth in the DAC6 
regulations. Under no circumstances does it advise or facilitate tax avoidance structures to its customers.
Finally, in order to obtain legal certainty and ensure that its understanding of tax code is in line with the spirit of the law, BBVA 
consults the tax authorities on any aspects that are controversial or raise doubts, when deemed necessary.
Consolidated Management Report Consolidated Non-financial Information Statement
185
This English version is a translation of the original in Spanish for information purposes only. In case of a discrepancy, the Spanish original will prevail.

Dialogue with other stakeholders in tax matters and participation in technical tax 
discussion forums
BBVA is aware of how important taxes are for the progress and sustainability of the societies in which it operates, which is why it 
maintains mutually constructive dialog with various NGOs, universities, laboratories of ideas (think tanks) and other tax-related 
forums, in relation to the Group's tax contribution. As a result of this dialogue, BBVA has been incorporating new transparency 
standards made public in the Total Tax Contribution Report (TTC), and has promoted initiatives that allow its extension to other 
multinationals, such as the European Business Tax Forum.
BBVA is currently recognized by the Haz Foundation (formerly the Commitment and Transparency Foundation) with the "t**" seal of 
tax transparency and responsibility, and its tax strategy has been recognized as best practice in the Best Practices for Good Tax 
Governance report issued in 2022 by the Tax Executive Council of the Conference Board, The B Team and the European Business Tax 
Forum itself. Likewise, this way of understanding and approaching taxation has enabled BBVA to position itself as a benchmark in the 
tax sphere according to the DJSI, which has awarded in 2023 the highest possible score in tax sustainability for the sixth year in a row. 
It has also reaffirmed its position, for the second consecutive year, as the leading bank in terms of tax transparency in Europe in the 
analysis conducted by the Dutch Association of Investors for Sustainable Development (VBDO), since the VBDO included the BBVA 
Group in its benchmark. Furthermore, BBVA participates, along with other organizations, in the Spanish Banking Association's Tax 
Committee, and collaborates with this association in the tax working groups of the European Banking Federation. BBVA also 
participates in the main tax committees of the banking and trade associations of the jurisdictions in which it operates.
Total tax contribution
BBVA is committed to transparency in the payment of taxes and that is the reason why, for yet another year, it voluntarily discloses 
the total tax contribution in those countries in which it has a significant presence.
The TTC report includes own and third-party payments for corporate tax, VAT, local taxes and fees, income tax withholdings, Social 
Security payments, and payments made during the year due to tax litigation in relation to the aforementioned taxes. In other words, 
this includes both the taxes related to the BBVA Group companies (taxes that represent a cost to said companies and affect their 
results) and taxes collected on behalf of third parties. The TTC Report provides all stakeholders with the opportunity to understand 
BBVA's tax payment and represents a forward-looking approach, as well as a commitment to corporate social responsibility, by which 
it assumes a leading position in fiscal transparency.
GLOBAL TAX CONTRIBUTION (BBVA GROUP. MILLIONS OF EUROS)
2024
2023
Own taxes
8,463
7,668
Third-party taxes
8,977
5,950
Total tax contribution
17,440
13,618
Consolidated Management Report Consolidated Non-financial Information Statement
186
This English version is a translation of the original in Spanish for information purposes only. In case of a discrepancy, the Spanish original will prevail.

Tax information by country
TAX INFORMATION BY COUNTRY (BBVA GROUP. MILLION EUROS)
2024
2023
CIT 
payments 
cash basis
CIT 
expense 
consol
Profit (loss) 
before CIT
Gross 
margin
CIT 
payments 
cash basis
CIT 
expense 
consol
Profit (loss) 
before CIT
Gross 
margin
Germany
8
11
40
75
21
4
25
54
Argentina
234
76
363
1,707
9
120
310
1,041
Belgium
2
1
5
9
1
1
5
8
Bolivia
—
—
(1)
2
3
1
2
12
Brazil
—
—
(8)
3
1
—
1
3
Chile
3
5
23
147
8
2
22
153
China (1)
5
4
26
80
16
5
31
70
Cyprus
7
11
48
49
3
4
18
19
Colombia
187
37
125
1,174
281
23
159
968
Curaçao
—
—
7
8
—
—
7
8
Spain
1,261
1,207
3,968
9,156
825
867
1,978
7,346
United States
81
92
430
550
68
53
228
184
France
24
20
36
128
27
17
79
110
Italy
22
52
158
164
50
32
95
122
Japan
—
—
(3)
2
—
—
(3)
(1)
Malta
4
2
28
31
5
7
91
95
Mexico
2,284
2,073
7,429
15,153
2,787
2,001
7,241
13,889
Netherlands
54
39
139
174
26
37
139
188
Peru
214
143
625
1,892
241
107
540
1,745
Portugal
15
22
74
161
9
3
72
153
United Kingdom
22
16
117
263
19
23
99
194
Romania
7
7
34
143
12
6
34
120
Singapore
4
6
45
50
2
4
26
30
Switzerland
3
2
10
60
7
2
9
49
Taiwan
9
1
5
8
—
—
13
12
Turkey
758
955
1,493
3,811
732
649
1,046
2,559
Uruguay
30
17
94
268
38
19
89
257
Venezuela
10
31
95
213
5
16
63
154
Total
5,248
4,830
15,405
35,481
5,196
4,003
12,419
29,542
General note: the results of this breakdown of the branches are integrated in the Consolidated Financial Statements of the parent companies on which they depend. 
(1) Includes Hong Kong and Shanghai branches.
The amounts of "Corporate income tax cash payments" are highly conditioned and derive fundamentally from the methodology for 
calculating the installment payments provided for in the regulations governing corporate income tax in the different geographical 
areas, producing differences between the installment payments made in the current year and the refund of installment payments 
from previous years that may result once the definitive tax returns have been filed. In this respect, it should also be noted that it is 
normal for there to be differences between the amounts of "Corporate income tax cash payments" and "Corporate income tax 
expense", since the tax paid in the year is not necessarily directly related to the pre-tax profit existing in a jurisdiction, but takes into 
account the tax payments (and refunds) in respect of the profits obtained in previous years, as well as the installment payments made 
in the current year and the withholding of input taxes. However, the "Corporate income tax expense" for the current year is more 
directly related to the pre-tax profit for a given year.
In 2024, the BBVA Group has not received any significant public aid to the financial sector aimed at promoting the development of 
banking activity. This statement is made for the purposes of the provisions of Article 89 of Directive 2013/36/EU of the European 
Parliament and of the Council of 26 June (on access to the activity of credit institutions and the prudential supervision of credit 
institutions and investment firms) and its transposition into Spanish law through Law 10/2014 on the Regulation, Supervision and 
Solvency of Credit Institutions of 26 June.
Consolidated Management Report Consolidated Non-financial Information Statement
187
This English version is a translation of the original in Spanish for information purposes only. In case of a discrepancy, the Spanish original will prevail.

Below is a breakdown of tax information for the main countries and geographic areas where the Group operates: 
TAX INFORMATION BY COUNTRIES AND GEOGRAPHICAL AREAS 2024 (MILLIONS OF EUROS, NUMBER OF EMPLOYEES)
Gross margin
Profit (loss) 
before CIT
CIT payments 
cash basis
CIT expense 
consol (2)
Nº employees (1)
Tangible assets 
other than cash
Argentina
1,707
363
234
76
5,737
747
Colombia
1,174
125
187
37
6,524
148
Spain
9,156
3,968
1,261
1,207
27,786
5,681
Mexico
15,153
7,429
2,284
2,073
48,892
2,344
Peru
1,892
625
214
143
7,766
404
Turkey
3,811
1,493
758
955
21,126
2,213
Rest of Europe and 
Asia
1,397
762
186
194
2,708
128
Rest of America
1,191
640
124
145
3,730
221
Total
35,481
15,405
5,248
4,830
124,269
11,886
(1) Full time employees. The 49 employees of representative offices are not included in the total number.
(2) Regarding the Group's total income corporate tax expense for the year 2024, €3,970m and €860m correspond to current tax expense and deferred tax expense, respectively.
TAX INFORMATION BY COUNTRIES AND GEOGRAPHICAL AREAS 2023 (MILLIONS OF EUROS, NUMBER OF EMPLOYEES)
Gross margin
Profit (loss) 
before CIT
CIT payments 
cash basis
CIT expense 
consol
Nº employees (1)
Tangible assets 
other than cash
Argentina
1,040
310
9
120
5,585
409
Colombia
958
159
281
23
6,762
133
Spain
7,202
1,978
825
867
26,360
4,954
Mexico
14,201
7,241
2,787
2,001
46,890
2,690
Peru
1,736
540
241
107
7,532
399
Turkey
2,576
1,046
732
649
20,452
1,566
Rest of Europe and 
Asia
1,201
733
198
145
2,613
139
Rest of America
1,065
412
123
91
3,701
162
Total
29,979
12,419
5,196
4,003
119,895
10,452
(1) Full time employees. The 20 employees of representative offices are not included in the total number.
Banking activity in Spain is carried out fundamentally through BBVA, S.A., which has a double dimension; on the one hand, the head of 
the banking business in Spain; and on the other, that of the parent entity or Holding of the BBVA Group. The main activity segments 
developed in Spain include commercial banking, business and corporation banking; and the insurance and Corporate and Investment 
Banking activities.
In general terms, Spanish companies are integrated into a tax group, constituting for these purposes a single taxpayer in Corporate 
Tax. The nominal tax rate in Spain is 30%; However, there are certain effects and singularities of a fiscal and accounting nature due to 
the double dimension mentioned above, which may cause your effective tax rate to be different.
In this regard, in fiscal year 2024 its tax rate is slightly higher than 30% and is affected, among others, by the non-deductibility of the 
temporary tax on credit institutions, the effects derived from the limitation of the exemption of intragroup dividends, or the 
withholdings borne at source on the aforementioned intragroup dividends from abroad. In fiscal year 2024, it has been recorded in the 
accounting records the impact associated with the declaration of unconstitutionality of certain measures related to Corporate Income 
Tax introduced by Royal Decree-Law 3/2016 , as well as the impact of some of the measures introduced by Law 7/2024 on Corporate 
Income Tax which, precisely, are aimed at reinstating the measures declared unconstitutional. 
In Mexico, the BBVA Group's presence is developed through the BBVA Mexico Group, which is the country's leading financial 
institution and one of the driving forces of the BBVA Group. Its main activity segments include commercial banking and business 
banking, insurance activity and Corporate and Investment Banking.
The nominal tax rate in Mexico is 30% and its effective tax rate is below it, since there are certain effects and singularities of a fiscal 
and accounting nature that can cause its effective tax rate to be different from 30%. The most relevant being in 2024, the fiscal 
adjustment for inflation that contributes to the reduction of said rate.
In Argentina, the Group's presence is developed through BBVA Argentina Bank, one of the country's main financial institutions. Its 
main activity segments include Commercial Banking and Business Banking, insurance activity and Corporate and Investment 
Banking.
The nominal tax rate in Argentina is 35%. The fact of being considered a hyperinflationary economy and the consequent restatement 
of its financial statements, together with the presence of the inflationary tax adjustment, may cause distortions in the country's fiscal 
pressure. In fiscal year 2024, mainly due to the weight of the inflationary tax adjustment, the country's fiscal pressure is below its 
nominal rate.
In Colombia, the presence of the BBVA Group is developed through BBVA Colombia, one of the main financial institutions in the 
country. Its main activity segments include Commercial Banking and Business Banking, insurance activity and Corporate and 
Investment Banking.
Consolidated Management Report Consolidated Non-financial Information Statement
188
This English version is a translation of the original in Spanish for information purposes only. In case of a discrepancy, the Spanish original will prevail.

Following the tax reform that took place in December 2022, the nominal tax rate in Colombia is 40% (financial sector) for the years 
2023 to 2027, both included, and 35% for subsequent years. The effective tax rate is lower given that, among other aspects, there are 
certain effects of a fiscal nature (such as tax-exempt income in the insurance sector) and accounting that cause the effective tax rate 
to be different. of the nominal, and it must be taken into account in this exercise that the earnings before taxes of the geographical 
area has been low and, therefore, the relative weight of certain tax and accounting effects increases.
In Peru, the BBVA Group's operations are conducted through BBVA Peru, one of the country's leading financial institutions. Its main 
business segments comprise Commercial and SME Banking and Corporate and Investment Banking.
The nominal tax rate in Peru is 29.5% and in the 2024 financial year its effective tax rate is lower, mainly due to the weight of certain 
exempt income (i.e. exemption of interest on deposits in the Central Reserve Bank and interest on Treasury bonds).
In Turkey, the Group's activity is mainly conducted through Garanti BBVA Group, of which BBVA is the largest shareholder. Its main 
business segments comprise commercial and corporate banking, insurance, and corporate and investment banking.
Commencing January 1, 2022, the Group agreed to apply IAS 29 ("Financial Reporting in Hyperinflationary Economies") to the 
Group's entities in Turkey. This accounting adjustment due to hyperinflation is not tax deductible. Despite Turkey's status as a 
hyperinflationary economy, the Turkish tax code does not provide for the application of any inflation adjustment for the 2024 financial 
year, which causes significant upward distortions in Turkey's tax burden.
Therefore, although the nominal tax rate for the financial sector in Turkey is 30% since fiscal year 2023 onwards, in fiscal year 2024 
the effective tax rate in the country has been significantly higher than the mentioned nominal rate of 30% mainly due to the upward 
distortion of the tax burden resulting from the restatement of the financial statements due to the application of hyperinflation 
accounting and the impossibility of applying the tax adjustment for inflation.
Likewise, the Group is also present in the United States, Chile, Venezuela, Uruguay, Bolivia, Brazil and Curaçao, fundamentally 
carrying out retail and commercial banking activities, as in the rest of the jurisdictions. The relative weight of these countries in the 
Group's accounts is very limited; representing less than 4.5% of the Group's total consolidated earnings before taxes in 2024. The 
average applicable nominal rate has amounted in 2024 to 24.09% and the effective tax rate has been very aligned, being 22.66%.
Additionally, in the rest of Europe and Asia, the banking and financial entities located in Switzerland, the Netherlands, and Romania 
stand out, and on the other hand, the branches located in Frankfurt, Brussels, Paris, Milan, London, Portugal, Taipei, Tokyo, Hong 
Kong, Singapore, Shanghai, Malta and Cyprus, whose main activity falls within the field of Corporate and Investment Banking. The 
joint relative weight of these countries in the Group's accounts is limited, representing less than 5% of the total consolidated earnings 
before taxes of the Group generated in 2024.
The applicable average nominal rate amounted to 25.28%. In fiscal year 2024, the effective tax rate has risen to 25,46%, in line with 
the average nominal rate.
The scope of the geographical areas described above can be consulted in Appendix I of the Consolidated Annual Accounts.  
Additionally, it can be consulted in Appendix XII Information in accordance with article 89 of Directive 2013/36/EU of the European 
Parliament and its application to Spanish Law through Law 10/2014 of the Consolidated Annual Accounts.
Consolidated Management Report Consolidated Non-financial Information Statement
189
This English version is a translation of the original in Spanish for information purposes only. In case of a discrepancy, the Spanish original will prevail.

Offshore financial centers
The Group has an express policy on activities in permanent establishments domiciled in offshore financial centers.
Securities issuers
As of December 31, 2024, BBVA’s permanent establishments registered in offshore financial centers considered tax havens by both 
the OECD and Spanish regulations are securities companies: BBVA Global Finance, Ltd., Garanti Diversified Payment Rights Finance 
Company and RPV Company. 
BBVA Group has three issuers registered in Grand Cayman, two of which belong to the Garanti Group.
OUTSTANDING ISSUES IN OFF-SHORE FINANCIAL CENTERS (BBVA GROUP. MILLIONS OF EUROS)
2024
2023
Subordinated debts (1)
BBVA Global Finance LTD
193
182
Other debt securities
Garanti Diversified Payment Rights Finance Company
167
281
RPV Company
1,487
1,395
Total
1,847
1,858
(1) Securities issued before the entry into force of Law 19/2003 dated July 4, 2003.
Supervision and control of the permanent establishments of BBVA Group in offshore financial 
centers
BBVA Group has established risk management policies and criteria for all its permanent establishments in offshore financial centers, 
as it has for the rest of the entities within the Group.
 BBVA's Internal Audit area conducts risk-based reviews of these BBVA Group establishments in offshore financial centers and carries 
out follow-ups on the action plans derived from such reviews. Similarly, under a risk-based approach, the Group's non-financial risk 
control model includes these establishments within its scope.
Consolidated Management Report Consolidated Non-financial Information Statement
190
This English version is a translation of the original in Spanish for information purposes only. In case of a discrepancy, the Spanish original will prevail.

5. Complementary 
information 
to 
the 
Consolidated 
Non-financial 
Information 
Statement
5.1 Transition plan equivalency table 
5.2 ISSB equivalency table
5.3 Table of contents of the Principles for Responsible Banking UNEP-FI
5.1 Transition plan equivalency table
BBVA has incorporated the elements of a Transition Plan following the guidelines and recommendations for financial institutions 
published by the Glasgow Financial Alliance for Net Zero (GFANZ) in November 2022. From 2024, the corresponding to TCFD will be 
incorporated into the international disclosure framework developed by the ISSB, which assumes responsibility for its monitoring. The 
ESRS also includes the necessary breakdowns to cover it.
Below is a table of equivalences between these GFANZ recommendations and the breakdowns in this report prepared under the 
premises described in the section “General basis for the preparation of the Consolidated Non-Financial Information Statement”:
TRANSITION PLAN EQUIVALENCE TABLE (BBVA GROUP. 2024)
Transition plan
Section/Chapter Management Report 2024
Fundamentals
Objectives and priorities
NFIS/General information/Sustainability strategy
Implementation 
strategy
Products and services
NFIS/General information/Sustainability strategy/Evolution of 
sustainable business channeling
Activities and decision making
NFIS/General information/Sustainability governance model
NFIS/General information/Sustainability strategy
NFIS/Environmental information/Climate change
Policies and conditions
NFIS/General information/Sustainability governance model
NFIS/General information/Sustainability strategy/Strategy and 
objectives
NFIS/Environmental information/Climate change
Engagement Strategy
Commitment to clients and portfolio 
companies
NFIS/General information/Sustainability strategy/Strategy and 
objectives
NFIS/Environmental Information/Climate Change/Transition plan 
of BBVA Group
NFIS/General information/Sustainability strategy/Evolution of 
sustainable business channeling
Commitment to the industry
NFIS/General information/Sustainability strategy/Strategy and 
objectives
Commitment to government and the 
public sector
NFIS/General information/Sustainability strategy/Strategy and 
objectives
Metrics and 
objectives
Metrics and objectives
NFIS/General information/Sustainability strategy
NFIS/Environmental Information/Climate Change/Transition plan 
of BBVA Group
NFIS/Environmental information/Climate change/Management of 
risks associated with climate change
NFIS/Environmental information/Climate change/Energy 
consumption and carbon footprint of BBVA Group
Government
Duties, responsibilities and 
remuneration
NFIS/General information/Sustainability governance model
Skills and culture
NFIS/Social information/Own workforce/Quality employment and 
competitive remuneration
NFIS/Environmental information/Climate change/Management of 
risks associated with climate change
Consolidated Management Report Consolidated Non-financial Information Statement
191
This English version is a translation of the original in Spanish for information purposes only. In case of a discrepancy, the Spanish original will prevail.

5.2 ISSB equivalency table
The International Sustainability Standards Board (ISSB) and the European Commission services, together with the European 
Financial Reporting Advisory Group (EFRAG), have worked together during the development of the European Sustainability Reporting 
Standards (ESRS) and the IFRS Sustainability Disclosure Standards (ISSB standards) to achieve a high degree of alignment of the 
respective standards, with a specific focus on climate-related disclosures. Despite certain specific differences, both bodies have 
fostered harmonization through interoperability guidance.
In addition, since 2024, the ISSB has assumed responsibility for monitoring reports made by companies regarding compliance with 
the guidelines of the Task Force on Climate-related Financial Disclosures (TCFD).
In 2024, BBVA signed a collaboration agreement with the ISSB to promote the adoption of its sustainability information disclosure 
standards among its customers.
In this context, and as part of its objective of promoting transparency regarding the disclosure of sustainability information, BBVA has 
voluntarily carried out an equivalence exercise between the NEIS and the ISSB standards, without the latter being mandatory for the 
Group.
The following table presents a comparison between both standards and how the Group is responding to their information 
requirements, including some exceptions98:
ESRS-ISSB EQUIVALENCE (BBVA GROUP. 2024)
Specific category
ESRS DR
ISSB
Section of the report
01 Governance
Governance
Disclosure Requirement GOV-1 – The 
role of administrative, management 
and supervisory bodies
IFRS S1.21 b
NFIS/NFIS/General information/Introduction
NFIS/General information/Sustainability 
governance model/Sustainability governance
IFRS S2.6 a , b
Disclosure requirement GOV-2 - 
Information provided to the company's 
management, executive and 
supervisory bodies and sustainability 
issues addressed by them
IFRS S2.6 a
NFIS/General information/Double materiality 
analysis
NFIS/General information/Sustainability 
governance model/Sustainability governance
Disclosure requirement related to 
ESRS 2 GOV-3 Integrating 
sustainability-related performance into 
incentive schemes
IFRS S1.21 b
NFIS/General information/Sustainability 
strategy/Introduction and ESG objectives
NFIS/General information/Sustainability 
governance model/Human Rights Due Diligence
NFIS/General information/Double materiality 
analysis
NFIS/General information/Sustainability 
governance model/Sustainability governance
IFRS S2.6 a
02 Strategy
Consolidated Management Report Consolidated Non-financial Information Statement
192
This English version is a translation of the original in Spanish for information purposes only. In case of a discrepancy, the Spanish original will prevail.
98 The requirements IFRS S2.14 a , b; IFRS S2.16 a; IFRS S2.17; IFRS S2.15 a , b; IFRS S2.16 a , b, d ; IFRS S2.29 f ; IFRS S2.31; IFRS S2.B65(e); IFRS S2.35 are not reported.

Climate-Related 
Risk and 
Opportunities
Disclosure Requirement BP-2 – 
Disclosures Regarding Specific 
Circumstances
IFRS S2.10 d
NFIS/NFIS/General information/Introduction/
Information regarding specific circumstances
Disclosure requirement related to 
ESRS 2 SBM-3 – Material impacts, 
risks and opportunities and their 
interaction with strategy and business 
model
IFRS S2.10 d
NFIS/General information/Sustainability 
strategy
NFIS/General information/Double materiality 
analysis
NFIS/Environmental information/Climate 
change/Managing risks associated with climate 
change
NFIS/Environmental information/Climate 
change
NFIS/Environmental information/Climate 
change/Strategy resilience to climate change 
risks
NFIS/Social information/Own personnel
NFIS/Social information/Consumers and end 
users
NFIS/Governance information/Business conduct
IFRS S2.10 b
IFRS S2.10 a , c
Disclosure requirement related to 
ESRS 2 IRO-1 Description of processes 
for identifying and assessing material 
climate-related impacts, risks and 
opportunities
IFRS S2.10 d
NFIS/General information/Double materiality 
analysis
NFIS/Environmental information/Climate 
change
NFIS/Environmental information/Natural Capital
NFIS/Social information/Own personnel
NFIS/Social information/Consumers and end 
users
NFIS/Governance information/Business conduct
Strategy and 
Decision Making
Disclosure Requirement E1-1 – Climate 
Change Mitigation Transition Plan
IFRS S2.14 a , c
NFIS/Environmental information/Climate 
change/Transition plan of BBVA Group
Disclosure Requirement E1-4 – Climate 
Change Mitigation and Adaptation 
Targets
IFRS S2.14 a
NFIS/Environmental information/Climate 
change/Transition plan of BBVA Group
Disclosure Requirement SBM-3: 
Material impacts, risks and 
opportunities and their interaction with 
strategy and business model
IFRS S2.14 a
NFIS/General information/Sustainability 
strategy
NFIS/General information/Double materiality 
analysis
NFIS/Environmental information/Climate 
change/Managing risks associated with climate 
change
NFIS/Environmental information/Climate 
change
NFIS/Environmental information/Climate 
change/Strategy resilience to climate change 
risks
NFIS/Social information/Own personnel
NFIS/Social information/Consumers and end 
users
NFIS/Governance information/Business conduct
Minimum Disclosure Requirement – 
MDR-A Shares – Shares and resources 
in relation to material sustainability 
issues
IFRS S2.14  c
NFIS/General information/Double materiality 
analysis
NFIS/Environmental information/Climate 
change
NFIS/Social information/Own personnel
NFIS/Social information/Consumers and end 
users
NFIS/Governance information/Business conduct
Consolidated Management Report Consolidated Non-financial Information Statement
193
This English version is a translation of the original in Spanish for information purposes only. In case of a discrepancy, the Spanish original will prevail.

Business Model 
and Value Chain
Disclosure Requirement SBM-3: 
Material impacts, risks and 
opportunities and their interaction with 
strategy and business model
IFRS S2.13 a , b
NFIS/General information/Sustainability 
strategy
NFIS/General information/Double materiality 
analysis
NFIS/Environmental information/Climate 
change/Managing risks associated with climate 
change
NFIS/Environmental information/Climate 
change
NFIS/Environmental information/Climate 
change/Strategy resilience to climate change 
risks
NFIS/Social information/Own personnel
NFIS/Social information/Consumers and end 
users
NFIS/Governance information/Business conduct
Climate Resilience
ESRS 2 IRO-1: Description of processes 
for determining and assessing material 
climate-related impacts, risks and 
opportunities.
IFRS S1.23
NFIS/General information/Double materiality 
analysis
NFIS/Environmental information/Climate 
change
NFIS/Environmental information/Natural Capital
IFRS S1.B42 c
IFRS S2.22 a, b
Disclosure requirement related to 
ESRS 2 SBM-3 - Material impacts, risks 
and opportunities and their interaction 
with strategy and business model
IFRS S2.22 a, b
NFIS/General information/Sustainability 
strategy
NFIS/General information/Double materiality 
analysis
NFIS/Environmental information/Climate 
change/Managing risks associated with climate 
change
NFIS/Environmental information/Climate 
change
NFIS/Environmental information/Climate 
change/Strategy resilience to climate change 
risks
NFIS/Social information/Own personnel
NFIS/Social information/Consumers and end 
users
NFIS/Governance information/Business conduct
03 Risk management
Consolidated Management Report Consolidated Non-financial Information Statement
194
This English version is a translation of the original in Spanish for information purposes only. In case of a discrepancy, the Spanish original will prevail.

Risk Management
Disclosure Requirement E1-2 – Policies 
related to climate change mitigation 
and adaptation
IFRS S2.25 a , b
NFIS/General information/Sustainability 
governance model/Sustainability governance
NFIS/Environmental information/Climate 
change/Transition plan of BBVA Group
NFIS/Environmental information/Climate 
change/Management of risks associated with 
climate change
NFIS/Environmental information/Natural 
Capital/Identification and measurement of 
natural capital
Disclosure Requirement E1-9: 
Anticipated financial effects of material 
physical and transition risks and 
potential climate-related opportunities
IFRS S2.25 b *
NFIS/Environmental information/Climate 
change/Management of risks associated with 
climate change
Disclosure Requirement IRO-1: 
Description of the process for 
identifying and assessing material 
impacts, risks and opportunities
IFRS S2.25 a, b, c
NFIS/General information/Double materiality 
analysis
NFIS/Environmental information/Climate 
change
NFIS/Environmental information/Natural Capital
NFIS/Social information/Own personnel
NFIS/Social information/Consumers and end 
users
NFIS/Governance information/Business conduct
Disclosure requirement related to 
ESRS 2 IRO-1 Description of processes 
for identifying and assessing material 
climate-related impacts, risks and 
opportunities
IFRS S2.25 a , b
 NFIS/General information/Double materiality 
analysis/Results and determination of materiality
NFIS/General information/Double materiality 
analysis/Methodology
NFIS/Environmental information/Climate 
change/Management of risks associated with 
climate change
Disclosure requirement related to 
ESRS 2 SBM-3 – Material impacts, 
risks and opportunities and their 
interaction with strategy and business 
model
IFRS S2.25 b *
NFIS/General information/Sustainability 
strategy
NFIS/General information/Double materiality 
analysis
NFIS/Environmental information/Climate 
change/Managing risks associated with climate 
change
NFIS/Environmental information/Climate 
change
NFIS/Environmental information/Climate 
change/Strategy resilience to climate change 
risks
NFIS/Social information/Own personnel
NFIS/Social information/Consumers and end 
users
NFIS/Governance information/Business conduct
Minimum Disclosure Requirement – 
MDR-P Policies – Policies adopted to 
manage material sustainability issues
IFRS S2.25 a
NFIS/General information/Double materiality 
analysis
NFIS/General information/Sustainability 
governance model/Sustainability governance
NFIS/Environmental information/Climate 
change
NFIS/Social information/Own personnel
NFIS/Social information/Consumers and end 
users
NFIS/Governance information/Business conduct
04 Metrics
Consolidated Management Report Consolidated Non-financial Information Statement
195
This English version is a translation of the original in Spanish for information purposes only. In case of a discrepancy, the Spanish original will prevail.

Disclosure Requirement E1-1 – Climate 
Change Mitigation Transition Plan
IFRS S2.29 e
NFIS/Environmental information/Climate 
change/Transition plan of BBVA Group
Disclosure Requirement E1-6: Gross 
Scope 1, 2, 3 and Total GHG Emissions
IFRS S2.29 a
NFIS/Environmental information/Climate 
change/Energy Consumer and carbon footprint
IFRS S2.B19
IFRS S2.B30
IFRS S2.B31
IFRS S2.B32
IFRS S2.B34
IFRS S2.B38–B57
Disclosure Requirement E1-9: 
Anticipated financial effects of material 
physical and transition risks and 
potential climate-related opportunities
IFRS S2.29 b, c, d NFIS/Environmental information/Climate 
change/Management of risks associated with 
climate change
IFRS S1.21(b)
Disclosure requirement related to 
ESRS 2 GOV-3 Integrating 
sustainability-related performance into 
incentive schemes
IFRS S2.29 g
NFIS/General information/Sustainability 
strategy/Introduction and ESG objectives
NFIS/General information/Sustainability 
governance model/Human Rights Due Diligence
NFIS/General information/Double materiality 
analysis
NFIS/General information/Sustainability 
governance model/Sustainability governance
Minimum Disclosure Requirement – 
MDR-M Metrics – Metrics relating to 
material sustainability issues
IFRS S1.50
NFIS/General information/Double materiality 
analysis
NFIS/Environmental information/Climate 
change
NFIS/Social information/Own personnel
NFIS/Social information/Consumers and end 
users
NFIS/Governance information/Business conduct
IFRS S2.29 a
Minimum disclosure requirement – 
MDR-T objectives – Monitoring the 
effectiveness of policies and actions 
through objectives
IFRS S2.29 a
NFIS/General information/Double materiality 
analysis
NFIS/Environmental information/Climate 
change
NFIS/Social information/Own personnel
NFIS/Social information/Consumers and end 
users
NFIS/Governance information/Business conduct
05 Objectives
Objectives
Disclosure Requirement E1-4 – Climate 
Change Mitigation and Adaptation 
Targets
IFRS S2.33 b, d, 
e, g
NFIS/Environmental information/Climate 
change/Transition plan of BBVA Group
IFRS S2.34 a
IFRS S2.36 d
Disclosure Requirement E1-7: GHG 
Removals and GHG Mitigation Projects 
Financed Using Carbon Credits
IFRS S2.36 e
NFIS/Environmental information/Climate 
change/Energy Consumer and carbon footprint
Minimum disclosure requirement – 
MDR-T objectives – Monitoring the 
effectiveness of policies and actions 
through objectives
IFRS S2.33 a, b, c, 
d, e, f, g, h
NFIS/General information/Double materiality 
analysis
NFIS/Environmental information/Climate 
change
NFIS/Social information/Own personnel
NFIS/Social information/Consumers and end 
users
NFIS/Governance information/Business conduct
IFRS S2.34 b, c, d
IFRS S2.B67
Consolidated Management Report Consolidated Non-financial Information Statement
196
This English version is a translation of the original in Spanish for information purposes only. In case of a discrepancy, the Spanish original will prevail.

5.3 Table of contents of the Principles for responsible 
banking UNEP-FI
UNEP-FI PRINCIPLES FOR RESPONSIBLE BANKING REPORTING INDEX
Reporting and Self-Assessment Requirements
High-level summary of the Bank's response
Reference(s)/Link(s) to full 
Bank's response/relevant 
information
Principle 1: Alignment
Align the business strategy so that it is coherent and contributes to the needs of people and the objectives of society, as expressed in the Sustainable 
Development Goals, the Paris Climate Agreement and relevant national and regional frameworks.
1.1. BUSINESS MODEL
Describe (in detail) your bank's business model, 
including the main customer segments served, the types 
of products and services provided, the main sectors and 
classes of activities in the main geographic markets in 
which your bank operates or provides products and 
services. Also quantify the information disclosed, e.g., 
the distribution of your bank's portfolio (%) in terms of 
geographic markets, segments (i.e., by balance and/or 
off-balance sheet) or by disclosing the number of clients 
served.
BBVA is a global financial group with a customer-centric vision and 
characterized by its pioneering commitment to digitalization, innovation and 
sustainability. It currently has 77.2 million active customers and 125,916 
employees. BBVA is present in more than 25 countries, has a leading position 
in the Spanish market, is the largest financial institution in Mexico and has 
leading franchises in South America and Turkey.
In 2024, BBVA has more than 772 billion in assets and 5,749 branches. BBVA 
focuses its business mainly on retail banking, business banking and corporate 
and investment banking.
See section:
"BBVA in brief". "1. Who we are"
1.2. STRATEGY ALIGNMENT
Does your corporate strategy identify and reflect 
sustainability as a strategic priority(s) for your bank?
☒ Yes
Please describe how your bank has aligned and/or plans 
to align its strategy so that it is consistent with the 
Sustainable Development Goals (SDGs), the Paris 
Climate Agreement, and relevant national and regional 
frameworks.
In 2019, BBVA incorporated sustainability as one of its 6 strategic priorities 
globally, positioning sustainability as a business strategy. The sustainability 
strategy focuses on:
1. Promoting new business through sustainability with a global and holistic 
approach in the field of global warming, natural capital and the social sphere: 
BBVA aims to reach 300 billion euros of channeled sustainable business 
(2018-2025) having reached the figure of 304 billion by December 31, 2024, 
around 99 billion in the year.
2. Achieving zero net emissions in 2050 (Net Zero) with sectoral 
decarbonization plans in those sectors most relevant in decarbonization: 
BBVA has intermediate decarbonization targets (year 2030) that include the 
Oil & Gas, Power generation, cars, Cement, Steel, Coal, Aviation, Shipping 
sectors and in 2024 has incorporated targets for the Aluminum and real estate 
sectors (both commercial and residential in Spain).
See further details in the sections of this annual report.
See sections:
"BBVA in brief"
"3.  BBVA Group strategy"
"1.3 Sustainability strategy"
Does your bank also reference any of the following 
sustainability regulatory reporting requirements or 
frameworks in its strategic or policy priorities to 
implement them?
☒ United Nations Guiding Principles on Business and 
Human Rights
☒ Fundamental Conventions of the International Labor 
Organization
☒ United Nations Global Compact
☒ Any applicable regulatory reporting requirements on 
environmental risk assessments, e.g., on climate risk
☒ All applicable regulatory reporting requirements on 
social risk assessments, e.g., about modern slavery
The General Sustainability Policy refers to the United Nations Guiding 
Principles on Business and Human Rights, the International Bill of Human 
Rights, the Guidelines of the Organization for Economic Co-operation and 
Development (OECD) for Multinational Business , or the fundamental 
conventions of the International Labour Organization, among others.
In relation to regulatory requirements for information on environmental and 
social risk assessments, it is worth mentioning the following European 
frameworks (approved or in the process of transposition) that require 
reporting or disclosure of ESG aspects and which BBVA is monitoring:
▰ CSRD (Corporate Sustainability Reporting Directive) and the sustainability 
reporting standards of EFRAG (European Financial Reporting Advisory Group) 
and ISSB (International Sustainability Standards Board).
▰ EBA ITS (Implementing Technical Standards) on Pillar 3 disclosures on 
Environmental, Social and Governance (ESG) risks
▰ Taxonomy Regulation (art. 8 disclosures - GAR)
▰ SFDR (Sustainable Finance Disclosure Regulation)
▰ Law 7/2021 Climate Change Law in Spain
From 2024, TCFD breakdowns will be incorporated into the international 
disclosure framework developed by the ISSB, which is responsible for 
monitoring them.
See sections:
"1.4.3 Human rights due diligence"
See General Sustainability Policy, 
available on the BBVA shareholders 
and investors website.
Principle 2: Impact and goal setting
Continuously increase positive impacts while reducing negative impacts and manage risks to people and the environment resulting from activities, products and 
services. To this end, set and publish targets where you can have the most significant impacts.
2.1 IMPACT ANALYSIS
Demonstrate that your bank has conducted an impact analysis of your portfolio(s) to identify your most significant areas of impact and determine priority areas 
for targeting.
BBVA has carried out an analysis of the impact of its portfolio(s) to identify its most significant areas of impact and determine priority areas for establishing objectives.
Consolidated Management Report Consolidated Non-financial Information Statement
197
This English version is a translation of the original in Spanish for information purposes only. In case of a discrepancy, the Spanish original will prevail.

a) Scope: What is the scope of your bank's impact 
analysis? Describe which parts of the bank's main 
business 
areas, 
products/services 
in 
the 
main 
geographic markets in which the bank operates (as 
described in point 1.1) have been considered in the 
impact analysis. Please also describe which areas have 
not yet been included and why.
1. In 2024, BBVA has updated the impact analysis using version 3 of the UNEP 
FI Portfolio Impact Analysis Tool for Banks.
The Consumer Banking (retail portfolio) and Institutional Banking (wholesale 
portfolio) business areas have been included. The Investment Banking 
business area has not been considered since it represents less than 1% of The 
BBVA Group's gross income .
BBVA Group 's Institutional Banking and Consumer Banking activities have 
been updated with the values corresponding to 2024 in Spain, Mexico, Turkey, 
Peru, Colombia, Argentina, Portugal and Uruguay. Likewise, updates have 
been incorporated to the Consumer Banking business area in Chile, a country 
that does not have an Institutional Banking business area.
2. Furthermore, during 2024 BBVA has carried out an initial assessment of the 
impacts and dependencies in the portfolio in relation to natural capital using 
the ENCORE tool to detect risks and opportunities in key sectors.
3. Furthermore, in line with the United Nations Guiding Principles on Business 
and Human Rights, since 2018, BBVA has been carrying out due diligence 
processes on Human Rights in order to prevent, mitigate and remedy potential 
impacts on human rights. The results of these processes are published in the 
Human Rights Action Plan 2021-22&23.
In 2024, the progress of the Human Rights Action Plan 2021-2023 continued 
to be monitored.
See sections:
"1.4.1 
Sustainability 
governance" 
"1.4.3 Human rights due diligence"
"2.2 
Natural 
Capital 
. 
2.2.1 
Identification and measurement of 
risks and opportunities associated 
with natural capital"
BBVA and Human Rights, available 
on the BBVA shareholders and 
investors website
Human Rights Action Plan 2021-22 
&2023, available on the BBVA 
shareholders and investors website
Financial information in addition to 
the Impact Analysis Tool for Banks 
UNEP-FI.
b) Portfolio composition: Has your bank considered the 
composition of your portfolio (in %) in the analysis? 
Please provide a proportionate composition of your 
portfolio globally and by geographic scope i) by sectors 
and industries for business, corporate and investment 
banking portfolios (i.e. sector exposure or breakdown by 
industry in %), and/or ii) by products and services and 
by types of customers for consumer and individual 
banking portfolios.
If your bank has taken another approach to determining 
the scale of the bank's exposure, please provide further 
details, to show how you have considered where the 
bank's core or principal activities lie in terms of industries 
or sectors.
Composition of the portfolio by geography by type of business, dividing it by 
type of product and type of customer (in the case of Consumer Banking) and 
by NACE of financed activity sectors (in the case of Institutional Banking).
1. Consumer Banking. Geographic distribution of the portfolio: 47.65% Spain, 
24.56% Mexico, 15.27% Turkey, 4.80% Peru, 4.94% Colombia, 1.05% 
Argentina, 0.70% Chile, 0.66% Portugal and 0.36% Uruguay.
The most relevant products for low-income customers continue to be:
▰ Home loans/mortgages and
▰ Consumer loans & overdraft.
The type of client has also been taken into account (low-income clients vs. 
other clients).
2. Institutional Banking. Geographic distribution of the portfolio: 59.75% Spain, 
20.52% Mexico, 9.30% Turkey, 4.44% Peru, 3.22% Colombia, 0.74% 
Argentina, 1.21% Portugal and 0.82% Uruguay.
The most relevant sectors at the Exposure at Default level are:
▰ Public administration and defence; compulsory social security
▰ Power, gas, steam and air conditioning supply
▰ Wholesale trade, except of motor vehicles and motorcycles
▰ Real estate activities
▰ Telecommunications
Impact Analysis Tool for Banks 
UNEP-FI.
c) Context: What are the main challenges and priorities 
related to sustainable development in the main 
countries/regions in which your bank and/or your 
customers operate? Please describe how these have 
been considered, including which stakeholders have 
been involved to help inform this element of the impact 
analysis.
This step aims to put the impacts of your bank's portfolio 
in the context of the needs of society.
In 2024, BBVA has updated the impact analysis using version 3 of the UNEP FI 
Portfolio Impact Analysis Tool for Banks.
The Consumer Banking (retail portfolio) and Institutional Banking (wholesale 
portfolio) business areas have been included. The Investment Banking 
business area has not been considered since it represents less than 1% of The 
BBVA Group's gross income .
BBVA Group 's Institutional Banking and Consumer Banking activities have 
been updated with the values corresponding to 2024 in Spain, Mexico, Turkey, 
Peru, Colombia, Argentina, Portugal and Uruguay. Likewise, updates have 
been incorporated to the Consumer Banking business area in Chile, a country 
that does not have an Institutional Banking business area.
Likewise, during 2024 BBVA has carried out an initial assessment of the 
impacts and dependencies in the portfolio in relation to natural capital using 
the ENCORE tool to detect risks and opportunities in key sectors.
BBVA has defined sustainability as one of its six strategic priorities, covering 
the following three dimensions in the geographies where it operates:
- Climate. Business opportunities related to global warming: electric transport, 
energy efficiency, renewable energy, etc. For more information, see the 
section “Evolution of the sustainable business channeling”.
- Natural Capital . Business opportunities related to nature: water, land, 
biodiversity, and waste and pollution. For more information, see the section 
“Evolution of the sustainable business channeling” and the chapter “Natural 
Capital ”).
- Inclusive growth. Business opportunities related to inclusive social and 
economic growth: inclusive infrastructure, financial inclusion, 
entrepreneurship, job creation, access to basic goods and services. For more 
information, see the section “Evolution of  sustainable business channeling”.
See sections:
"1.3 Sustainability strategy"
"2.2 
Natural 
Capital 
. 
2.2.1 
Identification and measurement of 
risks and opportunities associated 
with natural capital"
Impact Analysis Tool for Banks 
UNEP-FI.
BBVA's global sustainability policy 
available on the BBVA shareholders 
and investors website
Consolidated Management Report Consolidated Non-financial Information Statement
198
This English version is a translation of the original in Spanish for information purposes only. In case of a discrepancy, the Spanish original will prevail.

Based on these first three elements of an impact 
analysis, what areas of positive and negative impact has 
your bank identified? What areas of significant impact (at 
least two) did you prioritize to follow your target setting 
strategy (see 2.2). Disclose.
After identifying the impacts using the UNEP-FI Portfolio Impact Analysis Tool 
for Banks "Identification Module", the conversion modules (UNEP FI-ESRS 
Conversion Tool) have been used to link the detected impacts with the "ESRS 
Themes".
As a result of the analysis developed in the previous sections, negative impacts 
are identified in the areas of climate change, pollution, circular economy, 
biodiversity and ecosystems, and water and marine resources, as well as in the 
conditions of workers in the value chain. Additionally, positive impacts are 
identified mainly in the areas of climate change and workers in the value chain.
The following two areas have been identified as priority for having a significant 
impact based on the activities developed by the Group :
1. Climate change mitigation
2. Adaptation to climate change
In the framework of the double materiality analysis, inclusive growth has not 
been identified as material. However, it is a strategic action area and it is part 
of the sustainability objectives (e.g. as part of the sustainable business 
channeling).
See sections:
"1.2 Double materiality analysis”
“2.1.2 
Management 
of 
risks 
associated with climate change”
d) Performance measurement: Has your bank identified 
which sectors and industries, as well as the types of 
clients it finances or invests in, are causing the strongest 
real positive or negative impacts? Describe how you 
evaluated 
their 
performance, 
using 
appropriate 
indicators related to significant impact areas that apply 
to your bank's context.
When determining priority areas for target setting among 
your areas of greatest significant impact, you should 
consider the bank's current performance levels, i.e. 
qualitative and/or quantitative indicators and/or proxies 
of the resulting social, economic and environmental 
impacts of the bank's activities and the provision of 
products and services. If you have identified climate and/
or health and financial inclusion as your most significant 
impact areas, please also refer to the applicable 
indicators in the Annex.
If your bank has taken another approach to assess the 
intensity of the impact resulting from the bank's activities 
and the provision of products and services, please 
describe it.
The output of this step will also provide the baseline 
(including indicators) that you can use to set goals in two 
areas of greatest impact.
BBVA has identified the sectors and types of clients or areas where the 
financing activity has a greater positive and negative impact, establishing 
objectives that it monitors on a recurring basis.
When identifying these sectors and customers, the following has been taken 
into account.
(i) The main business areas: retail banking, business banking and corporate 
and investment banking (Corporate & Investment Banking)
(ii) The countries in which it operates.
(iii) The composition of the portfolio by sectors and the most relevant 
challenges and priorities in the environment.
(iv) The importance of the identified social, economic and environmental 
impacts resulting from the bank's activities in each country and impact area.
Impact Analysis Tool for Banks 
UNEP-FI.
SELF-ASSESSMENT SUMMARY
Which of the following components of the impact analysis has your bank completed, in order to identify the areas where your bank has its most significant 
(potential) positive and negative impacts?
Range: Yes
Portfolio Composition: Yes
Context: Yes
Performance Measurement: Yes
What most significant impact areas have you identified for your bank, as a result of the impact analysis?
Climate Change and Inclusive Growth
How recent is the data used and disclosed in the impact analysis? Up to 12 months before publication
2.2 ESTABLISHMENT OF OBJECTIVES
Demonstrate that your bank has established and published a minimum of two targets that address at least two different areas of greatest impact that you 
identified in your impact analysis
BBVA has established specific, measurable (quantitative), achievable, relevant and time-bound (SMART) objectives, in line with science and the most ambitious objectives of 
the Paris Agreement, in the areas of  "Climate Change/ Mitigation " and also in "Inclusive Growth" in 2024.
Consolidated Management Report Consolidated Non-financial Information Statement
199
This English version is a translation of the original in Spanish for information purposes only. In case of a discrepancy, the Spanish original will prevail.

a) Alignment: What international, regional or national 
policy frameworks for aligning your bank's portfolio have 
you identified as relevant? Demonstrate that the selected 
indicators and targets are linked to and drive alignment 
and further contribution to the appropriate Sustainable 
Development Goals, Paris Agreement targets and other 
relevant international, national or regional frameworks.
Target 1. Climate Change (decarbonization)
BBVA takes as a reference the Net Zero scenario of the International Energy 
Agency (IEA_NZE) and the Institute for Sustainable Futures Sectoral Pathways 
to Net Zero Emissions (ISF NZ) and the IMO (International Maritime 
Organization) Strategy on reducing emissions for Shipping.
BBVA will measure performance through the following units of measurement:
1. Emissions intensity per unit of production for 6 sectors (Power generation, 
Autos, Steel, Cement, Aviation and real estate). These intensity metrics follow 
the SDA (Sectoral Decarbonization Approach) methodology and are aligned 
with PACTA (Paris Agreement Capital Transition Assessment).
2. Absolute CO2 emissions (measured in tonnes of CO2 equivalent) for the Oil & 
Gas portfolio. They are calculated using the PCAF methodology for calculating 
the attribution factor. The primary source of emissions data has been the 
database provided by an independent third party.
3. Total commitment measured in millions of euros for the Coal sector.
4. Alignment delta measured as a percentage for the Shipping and Aluminum 
sector.
In 2024, BBVA has published the progress made in the decarbonization of its 
customers, as an example of the progress made in its own Transition Plan.
In addition, in 2024, BBVA has published its decarbonization targets for the 
Aluminum and commercial and residential real estate sectors. For the 
Aluminum sector, the Net Zero scenario of the International Aluminum 
Institute (IAI) and the Mission Possible Partnership 1.5 °C Roadmaps (MPP) 
have been used as a reference, which are science-based benchmarks 
recognized by the sector. In the case of the real estate sector, the scope of the 
target is limited to Spain and the National Integrated Energy and Climate Plan 
(hereinafter, PNIEC) has been used as a reference as a roadmap that defines 
the national objectives for emissions reduction, penetration of renewable 
energies and energy efficiency.
Target 2: Inclusive Growth: Inclusion and Financial Health
Regarding the goal of supporting 4.5 million unbanked or underbanked 
entrepreneurs between 2018 and 2025 to improve their financial resilience by 
providing them with effective access to financial services , 4.2 million 
entrepreneurs have been supported between 2018 and 2024. This goal 
reflects the alignment of BBVA's business with the SDGs, specifically with: 
SDG 1 (End of poverty), SDG 5 (Gender equality), SDG 8 (Decent work and 
economic growth), SDG 9 (Industry, innovation and infrastructure), SDG 10 
(Reduced inequalities) and SDG 17 (Partnerships for the goals).
See sections:
"BBVA in summary: 3. BBVA Group 
Strategy"
"1.3 Sustainability Strategy"
“1.3.2 Evolution of sustainable 
business channeling”
"2.1.1 Transition plan of BBVA 
Group"
"2.1.2 Management of risks 
associated with climate change"
b) Baseline: Have you determined a baseline for the 
selected indicators and assessed the current level of 
alignment? Indicate the indicators used, as well as the 
year of the baseline.
Target 1. Climate Change (decarbonization): In relation to its Climate Change 
objective, BBVA has established 2020 as the base year for calculating the 
decarbonization target for the Power generation, Automotive, Cement and 
Steel sectors; 2021 for Oil & Gas; 2022 for Aviation; and 2023 as the base year 
for real estate (commercial and residential). In 2024, BBVA has published its 
decarbonization targets for the Aluminum and commercial and residential real 
estate sectors.
Target 2. Inclusive growth: Inclusion and Financial Health
Base year 2021 to 2025
See sections:
"2.1.1 Transition plan of BBVA 
Group"
"2.1.2 Management of risks 
associated with climate change"
"3. Social information"
c) SMART Objectives (including Key Performance 
Indicators (KPIs)): Disclose the objectives for your first 
and second areas of greatest impact, if they already exist 
(as well as other areas of impact, if any). What KPI are 
you using to monitor progress toward achieving the goal? 
Disclose it.
Target 1. Climate Change (decarbonization). Intermediate decarbonization 
targets by 2030 for the following sectors: Oil & Gas, Power generation, cars, 
Steel, Cement, Coal, Aviation, Shipping, Aluminum and real estate 
(commercial and residential)
Target 2. Inclusive Growth: Inclusion and Financial Health
Monitoring indicators:
- Number of unbanked or underbanked entrepreneurs served in this period
See sections:
"2.1.2. Management of risks 
associated with climate change"
"2.1.1 Transition plan of BBVA 
Group"
"3. Social information"
Consolidated Management Report Consolidated Non-financial Information Statement
200
This English version is a translation of the original in Spanish for information purposes only. In case of a discrepancy, the Spanish original will prevail.

d) Action plan: What actions that include milestones have 
you defined to meet the established objectives? Describe 
them.
Also demonstrate that your bank has analyzed and 
recognized significant (potential) indirect impacts of the 
objectives set within the impact area or other impact 
areas and has established relevant actions to avoid, 
mitigate or offset possible negative impacts.
Target 1. Climate Change (decarbonization). Milestones and action plan.
In order to monitor decarbonization objectives and supervise their compliance, 
the Bank has approved an integrated governance framework, among others, 
made up of the heads of the Business, Risk, Sustainability and Strategy areas 
that report directly to senior management and the corporate bodies: the 
Sustainability Alignment Steering Group (SASG). In addition, BBVA has 
developed a series of internal tools that allow it to integrate the management 
of these objectives into the day-to-day risk and business processes: Transition 
Risk Indicator, Sustainability Client Toolkit, Alignment Management 
Dashboard and "What if" Simulator. Sector plans have also been developed in 
the Oil & Gas, Power generation, Autos, Steel, Cement, Coal, Aviation, 
Shipping, Aluminum and real estate (commercial and residential) sectors, 
which has made it possible to define strategies and business plans aimed at 
meeting decarbonization objectives. This work is an input for defining the risk 
appetite of the Sector Frameworks.
The negative impact is mitigated and reduced through processes detailed in 
sections "1.4.2 ESG assessment and monitoring of customers" and "1.4.3 
Human rights due diligence"
Target 2. Inclusive growth: Inclusion and Financial Health milestones and 
action plan.
Among the action plans, the development of technological solutions to bring 
financial services and training to small entrepreneurs stands out.
In 2024, BBVA is exploring the feasibility of creating local financial inclusion 
plans in the Group's different geographies.
See sections:
"1.4.2 ESG assessment and 
monitoring of customers"
"1.4.3 Human rights due diligence"
"2.1.1 Transition plan of BBVA 
Group"
"3. Social information"
SELF-ASSESSMENT SUMMARY
Which of the following target setting components in line with PRB requirements has your bank completed or is currently in an assessment process for your first 
and second areas of greatest impact?
First area of greatest impact:
Target 1. Climate Change (decarbonization)
BBVA has set targets in this area of impact
Alignment: Yes
Base Year: Yes
SMART goals: Yes
Action plan: Yes
Second area of greatest impact:
Target 2. Inclusive Growth
BBVA has set targets in this area of impact in 2023.
Alignment: Yes
Base Year: Yes
SMART goals: Yes
Action plan: Yes
2.3 IMPLEMENTATION AND MONITORING OF OBJECTIVES
Demonstrate that your bank has implemented the actions that you had previously defined to meet the established objective
BBVA is implementing the necessary actions to meet the objectives of "Climate Change" and "Inclusive Growth".
For each goal separately:
Demonstrate that your bank has implemented the 
actions that you had previously defined to meet the 
established objective.
Report on your bank's progress since the last report 
towards the achievement of each of the stated objectives 
and the impact of its progress, using the indicators and 
KPIs to monitor progress that you have defined in 2.2.
Or in case of changes in the implementation plans 
(relevant only for the 2nd and subsequent reports): 
Describe the potential changes (changes in priority 
impact areas, changes in indicators, acceleration/
revision of objectives, introduction of new ones). 
milestones or revisions to action plans) and explain why 
those changes have become necessary.
Target 1. Climate Change (decarbonization)
This Annual Report includes, for the 10 sectors for which decarbonization 
objectives have been defined, the chosen metrics, the emissions scope 
considered, the data for the base year, the data as of 31-12-2024 (annual 
degree of progress), the methodology used and the decarbonization objective 
for 2030 measured as a percentage of reduction compared to the base year.
Target 2. Inclusive growth: Financial inclusion and financial health. Monitoring 
indicators:
▰ Number of unbanked or underbanked entrepreneurs served in this period
BBVA has also published other ESG objectives related to these two areas:
▰ Climate Change and Inclusive Growth: BBVA monitors the 2025 Sustainable 
Business channeling target (target: €300 billion between 2021 and 2025) on a 
monthly basis. Between 2018 and 2024, BBVA has channeled €304 billion into 
sustainable business. In addition, between 2018 and 2024, BBVA has 
supported 4.2 million entrepreneurs.
▰ Contribution to the Community 2025 (target: €550 million and 100 million 
beneficiaries between 2021 and 2025). The objectives of this plan have been 
met, in advance, on December 31, 2024. Thus, between 2021 and 2024, BBVA 
has allocated €594 million to social programs that have reached almost 106 
million people.
See sections:
"2.1.2 Management of risks 
associated with climate change"
"2.1.1 Transition plan of BBVA 
Group"
"2.2.2 Management of other direct 
environmental impacts"
"3.3.1 Contribution to the 
community"
Please provide your bank's conclusion/statement if you have met the requirements regarding Plans for Target Implementation and Monitoring
BBVA has carried out an analysis of the impact of its portfolio(s) to identify its most significant areas of impact and determine priority areas for establishing objectives.
BBVA has established and published objectives that address 2 areas of greatest impact identified in its impact analysis, such as "Climate Change" and "Inclusive Growth".
BBVA is implementing actions to meet both objectives.
Principle 3: CLIENTS
Working responsibly with customers to encourage sustainable practices and enable economic activities that create shared prosperity for current and future 
generations.
Consolidated Management Report Consolidated Non-financial Information Statement
201
This English version is a translation of the original in Spanish for information purposes only. In case of a discrepancy, the Spanish original will prevail.

3.1 INVOLVEMENT WITH CLIENTS
Does your bank have a customer engagement policy or 
process to encourage sustainable practices? Yes
Does your bank have a policy for the sectors in which you 
have identified the greatest (potential) negative impacts? 
Yes
Please describe how your bank has worked and/or plans 
to work with its clients to promote sustainable practices 
and enable sustainable economic activities. It should 
include information on relevant policies, actions 
planned/implemented to support client transition, 
selected indicators of client engagement and, where 
possible, impacts achieved.
This should be based on and in line with impact analysis, 
goal setting and action plans established by the bank.
This Annual Report details how ESG aspects are integrated into the 
relationship and involvement with clients, whether in ESG support and 
involvement with wholesale customers (corporate and institutional) and 
companies, or in ESG support and involvement with retail customers.
In 2024, BBVA formalized a procedure for the development and monitoring of 
sector alignment plans, which covers wholesale and corporate clients. Thus, 
clients included in the scope of the Environmental and Social Framework and 
the Sector Alignment Plans are assessed based on their ESG profile and 
addressed, where appropriate, through support plans.
Wholesale clients: to promote and identify new opportunities, BBVA maintains 
a dialogue with clients based on: Sector knowledge of the implementation and 
execution of sustainability strategies, specialization in sectors that face 
greater challenges in the transition to a low-carbon economy, support in the 
analysis of the sustainability of the entire value chain of clients, offering 
sustainable products or those that promote sustainability...
Enterprise clients: In order to capture new opportunities, progress has been 
made in creating teams of product specialists and managers in all 
geographies. During 2024, these teams have been extended to the countries 
of South America and Turkey, while in Spain and Mexico the existing ones have 
been strengthened since 2023.
Retail customers: Digital solutions support customers throughout the entire 
process, from decision-making to contracting, through strategic alliances with 
third parties.
See sections:
"1.3.1 Strategy and objectives"
"1.3.2 Evolution of sustainable 
business channeling"
"2.1.1 Transition plan of BBVA 
Group"
3.2 BUSINESS OPPORTUNITIES
Please describe what strategic business opportunities in 
relation to increasing positive impacts and reducing 
negative impacts your bank has identified and/or how it 
has addressed these in the reporting period. Please 
provide information on existing products and services, 
information on sustainable products developed in terms 
of value (in USD or local currency) and/or as a % of your 
portfolio, and on which SDGs or impact areas you strive 
to have a positive impact (e.g., green mortgages —
climate, social bonds—financial inclusion, etc.).
Sustainability is a driver of growth for BBVA and has a holistic approach, with a 
focus on climate action and inclusive growth, and covers all segments. To 
capture this opportunity, work is being done on five lines of growth as detailed 
in the sections indicated in this annual report and in the column on the right.
Between 2018 and 2024, BBVA has channeled a total of €304.361 billion in 
sustainable business. During 2024, BBVA has developed solutions and specific 
product offerings to promote financial inclusion and increase individual 
banking penetration in the geographies where the Group operates, thereby 
managing to channel around €99 billion this year.
See sections:
"1.3.2 Evolution of sustainable 
business channeling"
"2.2.1 Identification and 
measurement of risks and 
opportunities associated with 
natural capital"
Please provide your bank's conclusion/statement if you have met the requirements regarding Principle 3 Clients
BBVA works responsibly with its clients to promote sustainable practices and enable economic activities that generate shared prosperity for current and future generations.
Principle 4: Interested parties
Proactively and responsibly consult, engage, and partner with relevant stakeholders to achieve societal objectives.
4.1 IDENTIFICATION AND CONSULTATION OF 
INTERESTED PARTIES
Does your bank have a process for regularly identifying 
and consulting, engaging, collaborating and partnering 
with stakeholders (or stakeholder groups) that you have 
identified as relevant in relation to the impact analysis 
and target setting process? Yes
Please describe which stakeholders (or stakeholder 
groups/types) you have identified, consulted or involved 
or with which stakeholders you have collaborated or 
partnered in order to implement the Principles and 
enhance the impacts of your bank. This should include a 
high-level overview of how your bank has identified 
relevant stakeholders, what issues were addressed or 
what results were achieved, and how they contributed to 
the action planning process.
In accordance with the General Sustainability Policy, BBVA integrates into its 
small businesses and activities the concerns of its stakeholders (customers, 
employees, shareholders and investors, suppliers, regulators and supervisors 
and society in general) on social, environmental, diversity, fiscal responsibility, 
respect for human rights and prevention of corruption and other illegal 
conduct.
Throughout this Annual Report, progress and results relating to each of the 
aforementioned interest groups are mentioned, as well as specific consultation 
actions carried out (through recurring surveys of clients, non-customers, 
employees, suppliers, surveys and questions received from analysts and 
investors, civil society, etc.; human rights due diligence process, etc.)
For more than 20 years, BBVA has been actively participating in various 
supranational initiatives, always in close collaboration with all stakeholders, 
which revolve around various priority areas such as universal reference 
frameworks, market standards, transparency and financial regulation.
See sections:
"1.2 Double materiality analysis"
"1.3 Sustainability strategy. 
Engagement with the industry and 
the public sector"
"1.4.3 Due Diligence and Human 
Rights" within "1.4 Sustainability 
governance model"
"2.1.2 Management of risks 
associated with climate change"
Please provide your bank's conclusion/statement if you have met the requirements regarding Principle 4. Interested Parties
BBVA consults, participates and maintains a proactive and responsible dialogue with relevant stakeholders to achieve established objectives.
Principle 5: Government and culture
Implement commitment to these Principles through effective governance and a responsible banking culture
Consolidated Management Report Consolidated Non-financial Information Statement
202
This English version is a translation of the original in Spanish for information purposes only. In case of a discrepancy, the Spanish original will prevail.

5.1. GOVERNANCE STRUCTURE FOR THE 
IMPLEMENTATION OF THE PRINCIPLES
Does your bank have a governance system that 
incorporates PRB? Yes
Please describe the relevant governance structures, 
policies and procedures that your bank has put in place/
plans to put in place to manage significant (potential) 
positive and negative impacts and support the effective 
implementation of the Principles. This includes 
information about which committee has responsibility for 
the sustainability strategy, as well as the approval and 
monitoring of the targets (including information about 
the highest level of governance to which the PRBs are 
subject), details about the chair of the committee and the 
process and frequency for the board to monitor the 
implementation of the PRB (including corrective actions 
in the event that objectives or milestones are not met or 
unexpected negative impacts are detected), as well as 
remuneration practices linked to sustainability 
objectives.
The Global Sustainability Area is supervisor for the implementation of the 
sustainability strategy and has the support of the corporate bodies.
It reports directly to the President (in areas related to strategy and 
transformation) and to the CEO (in business matters).
The BBVA Board of Directors receives information on the degree of 
compliance according to the governance model established through the Global 
Sustainability Area.
In 2024, the Corporate Bodies have periodically received specific reports from 
the Global Sustainability Area, through which they have been able to monitor 
the different aspects of the strategy related to Sustainability and the 
objectives established in this area, as well as the main projects and lines of 
work of the Group in this area.
In 2024, the BBVA Directors' Remuneration Policy and The BBVA Group's 
General Remuneration Policy continue to include (as part of the Annual 
Variable Remuneration of the members of the Identified Staff, including 
executive directors and members of BBVA's Senior management ) a long-term 
incentive linked, among others, to the degree of compliance with the 
decarbonization objectives of a series of sectors for which the Bank publishes 
specific objectives.
See sections:
"1.4 Sustainability Governance 
Model"
“Competitive remuneration” within 
the chapter “3.1.2 Quality 
employment and competitive 
remuneration ”
5.2 PROMOTE A RESPONSIBLE BANKING CULTURE
Please describe your bank's initiatives and measures to 
foster a culture of responsible banking among its 
employees (e.g., skills development, e-learning, 
sustainability training for customer-facing roles, 
inclusion in compensation structures and performance 
management and leadership communication, among 
others).
In 2024, the Group has promoted sustainability training through programs for 
specialists such as “Bootcamp Master” (it has four lines of training, one 
transversal and three highly specialized in risks, standards and corporate 
banking, in which BBVA has report with leading external companies 
specialized in sustainability and in which more than 340 employees have 
participated).
To promote the achievement of the objectives, these are included in BBVA's 
variable remuneration system:
▰  Promote new business through sustainability:
• Annual Variable remuneration linked to the promotion of sustainable 
business for all employees, including executive directors and senior 
management of BBVA.
• Incentives linked to sustainable business specific to the commercial network.
▰  Achieving net zero emissions: from 2023, long-term variable remuneration 
is associated with certain decarbonization objectives (for more information, 
see the section “Transition Plan of BBVA Group”) for members of the 
identified group, including executive directors and senior management of 
See section:
"3.1.2 Quality employment and 
competitive remuneration"
5.3 DUE DILIGENCE POLICIES AND PROCESSES
 
Does your bank have policies that address environmental 
and social risks within its portfolio? Describe them.
Please describe what due diligence processes your bank 
has in place to identify and manage environmental and 
social risks associated with your portfolio. This may 
include aspects such as the identification of significant/
outstanding risks, the mitigation of environmental and 
social risks and the definition of action plans, the 
monitoring and reporting of risks and any existing 
grievance mechanisms, as well as the structures of 
governance that it has established to supervise these 
risks.
To address environmental and social risks, BBVA has the following 
frameworks for action:
▰ Environmental and Social Framework, which identifies sectors with a 
potential environmental and social impact (mining, agribusiness, energy, 
infrastructure and defence) and the restrictions on their financing.
▰ Human Rights due diligence process for all BBVA areas.
▰ Identification and assessment of sectors sensitive to transition risk, 
quantification of exposure to carbon-sensitive sectors and setting of portfolio 
decarbonization targets in 10 CO2-intensive sectors.
During 2024, BBVA has developed an internal taxonomy of natural capital 
risks based on the heat map of impacts and dependencies it carried out during 
2023. To carry out this exercise of identifying impacts and dependencies, the 
methodology of the ENCORE tool (Exploring Natural Capital Opportunities, 
Risks and Exposure) developed by the Natural Capital Finance Alliance was 
predominantly used, which is also consistent with aspects contained in other 
reference tools such as the SBTN Materiality Screening Tool, developed by the 
Science Based Target Network (SBTN). The ENCORE tool provides a 
comprehensive assessment of the 21 ecosystem services on which each of the 
167 economic activities depend for their production processes and an 
assessment of the 7 impact drivers, assigning a level of dependency and 
impact (Very High, High, Medium, Low) for each of them. This analysis 
includes aspects related to the availability and quality of water, biodiversity 
and land use, as well as the contamination of ecosystems and the generation 
of waste. As a result, by combining the impact and dependency levels, each 
sector is assigned a level of exposure (Very High, High, Medium, Low) to 
natural capital risk. The activities considered sensitive to natural capital risk 
total an EAD of €71,786 million, which represents a weight of 34% of the 
wholesale portfolio. The details of the activities considered are included in the 
table “Risk level of economic activities” in the section “Management of risks 
associated with climate change”.
See sections:
"2.2.1 Identification and 
measurement of risks and 
opportunities associated with 
natural capital"
"1.4.2 ESG assessment and 
monitoring of customers"
"1.4.3 Human rights due diligence"
SELF-ASSESSMENT SUMMARY
Does the CEO or other senior executives have regular oversight over the implementation of the Principles through the bank's governance system? Yes
Does the governance system include structures to oversee the implementation of the PRB (e.g., including impact analysis and target setting, actions to achieve these targets, 
and corrective action processes in case targets are not met?) /milestones or unexpected negative impacts are detected)? Yes
Does your bank have measures to promote a culture of sustainability among employees (as described in 5.2)? Yes
Please provide your bank's conclusion/statement if you have met the requirements regarding the Governance Structure for the implementation of the Principles:
The Board of Directors defines, promotes and monitors the sustainability and climate change strategy.
With the creation of the new Global Sustainability Area reporting to the CEO and also reporting to the President, BBVA has reinforced its governance structure in order to ensure 
full compliance with these Responsible Banking Principles. A specific model has been created that monitors the degree of compliance with the Climate Change objective linked 
to decarbonization.
Likewise, BBVA has measures to promote a culture of sustainability among employees and directors.
Principle 6: Transparency and responsibility
Periodically review our individual and collective implementation of these Principles and be transparent and accountable for the positive and negative impacts and 
contribution to the objectives of society.
Consolidated Management Report Consolidated Non-financial Information Statement
203
This English version is a translation of the original in Spanish for information purposes only. In case of a discrepancy, the Spanish original will prevail.

6.1. CHECK
 
Has this publicly disclosed information about your PRB 
commitments been guaranteed by an independent 
insurer? Yes.
If applicable, include the link or description of the 
assurance statement
The information disclosed in sections Impact Analysis (2.1), Establishment of 
objectives (2.2), Implementation and monitoring of objectives (2.3) and 
Governance structure for the implementation of the Principles (5.1) has been 
verified by Ernst & Young Auditors, S. L., in its capacity as independent 
provider of verification services, with the scope indicated in its verification 
report.
See section:
Independent Assurance Report
6.2 REPORTING WITHIN OTHER FRAMEWORKS
 
Does your bank disclose sustainability information in any 
of the standards and frameworks listed below?
☒ CDP
☒ TCFD
☒ Others
BBVA publishes non-financial information for the 2024 financial year 
considering the regulatory framework in force in Spain as of December 31, 
2024, for which it takes as a reference the new regulatory framework of the 
ESRS.
BBVA has voluntarily carried out an equivalence exercise in 2024 between the 
information considering the ESRS and the equivalent ISSB standards, without 
the latter being mandatory for the Group.
From 2024, the TCFD breakdowns will be incorporated into the international 
disclosure framework developed by the ISSB, which assumes responsibility for 
its monitoring.
See section:
"1.1.1 General basis for the 
preparation of the Consolidated 
Non-Financial Information 
Statement”
"1.2 Double materiality analysis"
"5.2 ISSB equivalency table"
6.3 PERSPECTIVE
 
What are the next steps your bank will take in the next 12-
month reporting period (particularly with regard to 
impact analysis, target setting, and governance structure 
for PRB implementation)?
Over the next 12 months, BBVA plans to:
▰ Continue to measure annual progress in the degree of advanCement of 
decarbonization metrics.
▰ Update existing loan portfolio alignment plans, considering the impact and 
dependencies arising from natural capital.
▰ Continue to work on evaluating new sector plans and expanding the scope of 
existing alignment plans as the industry progresses in defining methodologies 
and data availability
▰ Continue measuring the financed emissions from other portfolios and other 
geographical areas in addition to Spain.
▰ Disclose in a consistent, reliable and standardized manner the essential 
environmental, social and governance aspects related to your business.
▰ Deepen understanding of the risks and opportunities arising from natural 
capital.
BBVA's progress in implementing these principles is published annually in the 
BBVA Group Annual Report . Additionally, the subsidiaries, BBVA Garanti 
(Turkey) and BBVA Mexico, as signatories of the Principles of Responsible 
Banking at the local level, also publish their annual progress reports.
CHALLENGES
This is a short section to learn about the challenges your 
bank may face in implementing the Principles for 
Responsible Banking. Your feedback will be helpful in 
contextualizing the collective progress of the PRB 
signatory banks.
What challenges have you prioritized to address when 
implementing the Principles for Responsible Banking? 
Choose what you consider to be the top three challenges 
your bank has prioritized addressing in the last 12 
months (optional question).
If you wish, you can explain the challenges and how you 
are addressing them:
☐ Mainstreaming PRB oversight into government
☐ Build momentum or keep it in the bank
☐ Getting started: where to start and what to focus on at first
☐ Carrying out an impact analysis
☐ Assessment of negative environmental and social impacts
☐ Choose the appropriate performance measurement methodology (ies)
☒ Goal setting
☐ Other ...
☒ Involvement with customers
☐ Involvement of interested parties
☒ Data availability
☐ Data quality
☐ Access to resources
☐ Reporting
☐ Assurance
☐ Prioritize actions internally
Please provide your bank's conclusion/statement if you have met the requirements regarding progress in implementing the principles for responsible banking:
BBVA periodically reviews the implementation of these Principles and has published the positive and negative impacts.
BBVA publishes the non-financial information for the 2024 financial year taking as a reference the new European regulatory framework of the NEIS. From 2024 onwards, the 
disclosures corresponding to TCFD are incorporated into the international disclosure framework developed by the ISSB, which assumes responsibility for monitoring them. 
Between 2018 and 2024 BBVA has channeled a total of €304 billion in sustainable business, thus achieving, one year ahead of schedule, the target of €300 billion. In addition, in 
2024 it has incorporated decarbonization targets for the aluminium and real estate sectors (both commercial and residential in Spain). BBVA has met its Community 
Investment target in advance, whereby it would allocate 550 million euros between 2021 and 2025, allocating 594 million euros to social programs.
Consolidated Management Report Consolidated Non-financial Information Statement
204
This English version is a translation of the original in Spanish for information purposes only. In case of a discrepancy, the Spanish original will prevail.

6. Appendices to the Consolidated Non-
financial Information Statement
6.1 Table of contents of Law 11/2018
6.2 Table of contents of Law 7/2021
6.3 Tables of contents of the ESRS
6.4 Tables relating to Article 8 of the European Taxonomy
Consolidated Management Report Consolidated Non-financial Information Statement
205
This English version is a translation of the original in Spanish for information purposes only. In case of a discrepancy, the Spanish original will prevail.

6.1 Table of contents of Law 11/2018 99
Contents index of the Law 11/2018
Section/Chapter  BBVA's Management Report 2024
ESRS Disclosure 
Requirement
Page(s)
General information
Business model
Brief description of the group’s business model
BBVA in brief/Who we are
NFIS/General information/Sustainability strategy/Strategy and objectives
ESRS 2-SBM-1
ESRS 2-SBM-2
2-3
31-35
Geographical presence and Organization and 
Structure
BBVA in brief/Who we are
NFIS/General information/Sustainability strategy/Strategy and objectives
NFIS/General information/Sustainability governance model/Sustainability governance
ESRS 2-SBM-1
ESRS 2-GOV-1
2-3
31-35
44-54
Objectives and strategies of the organization
BBVA in brief/ BBVA Group Strategy
NFIS/General information/Sustainability strategy/Strategy and objectives
NFIS/General information/Sustainability strategy/Evolution of sustainable business channeling
ESRS 2-SBM-1
ESRS 2-MDR-T
7-17
31-35
35-43
Main factors and trends that may affect your future 
evolution
BBVA in brief/ BBVA Group Strategy
NFIS/General information/Sustainability strategy/Strategy and objectives
Financial information/BBVA Group/Macroeconomic and regulatory environment
ESRS 2-SBM-1
7-17
31-35
360-365
General
Reporting framework
NFIS/General information/Introduction/General basis for the preparation of the Non-Financial 
Information Statement
NFIS/General information/Introduction/Information regarding specific circumstances
ESRS 2-BP-1
ESRS 2 BP-2
20-22
22
Principle of materiality
NFIS/General information/Introduction/General basis for the preparation of the Non-Financial 
Information Statement
NFIS/General information/Double materiality analysis/Results and determination of materiality
NFIS/General information/Double materiality analysis/Methodology
ESRS 2-BP-1
ESRS 2-IRO-1
ESRS 2-SBM-3
20-22
24-28
28-30
Management approach
Description of the applicable policies
NFIS/General information/Sustainability governance model/Sustainability governance
NFIS/General information/Sustainability governance model/ESG assessment and monitoring of 
customers 
NFIS/Environmental information/Climate change/Transition plan of BBVA Group
NFIS/Environmental information/Natural capital/Identification and measurement of risks and 
opportunities associated with natural capital
NFIS/Social information/Own Workforce/Culture and values
NFIS/Social information/Own Workforce/Quality employment and competitive remuneration
NFIS/Social information/Own Workforce/Equal opportunities
NFIS/Social information/Own Workforce/Labor rights
NFIS/Social information/Own Workforce/Occupational health and safety
NFIS/Social information/Consumers and end-users/Transparency in information provided to 
customers about products and services
NFIS/Social information/Consumers and end-users/Responsible use of data
NFIS/Social information/Consumers and end-users/Cybersecurity
NFIS/Social information/Contribution to society/Contribution to the community
NFIS/Governance information/Business conduct/Corporate culture and Code of Conduct
NFIS/Governance information/Business conduct/Whistleblowing channel
NFIS/Governance information/Business conduct/Corruption and bribery
NFIS/Governance information/Business conduct/Anti-money laundering and financing of terrorism
NFIS/Governance information/Suppliers
NFIS/Governance information/Fiscal contribution and transparency
ESRS 2-MDR-P
ESRS E1-E1-2
ESRS S1-S1-1
ESRS S4-S4-1
ESRS G1-G1-1
ESRS G1-G1-3
44-54
55-56
62-78
109-112
119-120
121-132
133-135
136-138
138-140
155-157
157-158
158-161
166-168
174
175-176
176-179
179-180
182
183-190
Consolidated Management Report Consolidated Non-financial Information Statement
206
This English version is a translation of the original in Spanish for information purposes only. In case of a discrepancy, the Spanish original will prevail.
99 Law 5/2021 once again modifies article 49 of the Commercial Code on social and personnel issues. These modifications are included in this table of contents.

Management approach
The results of these policies
NFIS/General information/Sustainability strategy/Strategy and objectives
NFIS/General information/Sustainability strategy/Evolution of sustainable business channeling
NFIS/General information/Sustainability governance model/ESG assessment and monitoring of 
customers 
NFIS/Environmental information/Climate change/Transition plan of BBVA Group
NFIS/Environmental information/Climate change/Energy consumption and carbon footprint of 
BBVA Group
NFIS/Environmental information/Natural capital/Identification and measurement of risks and 
opportunities associated with natural capital
NFIS/Social information/Own Workforce/Culture and values
NFIS/Social information/Own Workforce/Quality employment and competitive remuneration
NFIS/Social information/Own Workforce/Equal opportunities
NFIS/Social information/Own Workforce/Labor rights
NFIS/Social information/Own Workforce/Occupational health and safety
NFIS/Social information/Consumers and end-users/Transparency in information provided to 
customers about products and services
NFIS/Social information/Consumers and end-users/Responsible use of data
NFIS/Social information/Consumers and end-users/Cybersecurity
NFIS/Social information/Contribution to society/Contribution to the community
NFIS/Governance information/Business conduct/Corporate culture and Code of Conduct
NFIS/Governance information/Business conduct/Whistleblowing channel
NFIS/Governance information/Business conduct/Corruption and bribery
NFIS/Governance information/Business conduct/Anti-money laundering and financing of terrorism
NFIS/Governance information/Suppliers
NFIS/Governance information/Fiscal contribution and transparency
ESRS 2-SBM-1
ESRS E1-E1-1
ESRS E1-E1-2
ESRS E1-E1-3
ESRS E1-E1-4
ESRS S1-S1-1
ESRS S1-S1-3
ESRS S1-S1-4
ESRS S1-S1-5
ESRS S4-S4-1
ESRS S4-S4-3
ESRS S4-S4-4
ESRS S4-S4-5
ESRS G1-G1-1
ESRS G1-G1-3
31-35
35-43
55-56
62-78
94-96
109-112
119-120
121-132
133-135
136-138
138-140
155-157
157-158
158-161
166-168
174
175-176
176-179
179-180
182
183-190
The main risks related to these issues involving the 
activities of the group
NFIS/General information/Double materiality analysis/Results and determination of materiality
NFIS/Environmental information/Climate change/Transition plan of BBVA Group
NFIS/Environmental information/Climate change/Management of risks  associated with climate 
change
NFIS/Environmental information/Climate change/Resilience of the strategy to climate change risks
NFIS/Environmental information/Climate change/Energy consumption and carbon footprint of 
BBVA Group
NFIS/Environmental information/Natural capital/Identification and measurement of risks and 
opportunities associated with natural capital
NFIS/Social information/Consumers and end users/Customer experience
NFIS/Social information/Consumers and end-users/Transparency in information provided to 
customers about products and services
NFIS/Social information/Consumers and end-users/Responsible use of data
NFIS/Social information/Consumers and end-users/Cybersecurity
NFIS/Governance information/Business conduct/Corporate culture and Code of Conduct
NFIS/Governance information/Business conduct/Whistleblowing channel
NFIS/Governance information/Business conduct/Corruption and bribery
NFIS/Governance information/Business conduct/Anti-money laundering and financing of terrorism
ESRS 2-SBM-3
ESRS E1-SBM-3
ESRS E1-IRO-1
ESRS G1-IRO-1
ESRS E1-E1-E3
ESRS S4-SBM-3
ESRS S4-S4-4
ESRS G1-G1-1
ESRS G1-G1-3
ESRS G1-G1-4
24-28
62-78
79-92
93
94-96
109-112
150
155-157
157-158
158-161
174
175-176
176-179
179-180
Consolidated Management Report Consolidated Non-financial Information Statement
207
This English version is a translation of the original in Spanish for information purposes only. In case of a discrepancy, the Spanish original will prevail.

Environmental questions
Environmental 
management
Detailed information on the current and foreseeable 
effects of the company's activities on the environment 
and, where appropriate, health and safety
NFIS/General information/Double materiality analysis/Results and determination of materiality
NFIS/Environmental information/Climate change/Transition plan of BBVA Group
NFIS/Environmental information/Climate change/Management of risks  associated with climate 
change
NFIS/Environmental information/Climate change/Resilience of the strategy to climate change risks
NFIS/Environmental information/Climate change/Energy consumption and carbon footprint of 
BBVA Group
NFIS/Environmental information/Natural capital/Identification and measurement of risks and 
opportunities associated with natural capital
NFIS/Environmental information/Natural capital/Management of other direct environmental 
impacts
ESRS 2-SBM-3
ESRS E1-SBM-3
ESRS E1-E1-1
ESRS E1-E1-6
24-28
62-78
79-92
93-93
94-96
109-112
113-114
Environmental assessment or certification procedures
NFIS/General information/Double materiality analysis/Results and determination of materiality
NFIS/Environmental information/Climate change/Management of risks  associated with climate 
change
NFIS/Environmental information/Climate change/Energy consumption and carbon footprint of 
BBVA Group
NFIS/Environmental information/Natural capital/Identification and measurement of risks and 
opportunities associated with natural capital
ESRS 2-IRO-1
ESRS E1-IRO-1
ESRS E1-E1-6
ESRS E2-IRO-1
ESRS E3-IRO-1
ESRS E4-IRO-1
ESRS E5-IRO-1
24-28
79-92
94-96
109-112
Resources dedicated to the prevention of 
environmental risks
NFIS/General information/Sustainability strategy/Strategy and objectives
NFIS/General information/Sustainability strategy/Evolution of sustainable business channeling
NFIS/Environmental information/Climate change/Management of risks  associated with climate 
change
NFIS/Environmental information/Climate change/Energy consumption and carbon footprint of 
BBVA Group
NFIS/Environmental information/Natural capital/Identification and measurement of risks and 
opportunities associated with natural capital
ESRS 2-SBM-1
ESRS 2-MDR-A
ESRS E1-E1-3
ESRS E1-E1-7
ESRS E1-E1-8
31-35
35-43
79-92
94-96
109-112
Application of the precautionary principle
NFIS/Environmental information/Climate change/Transition plan of BBVA Group
NFIS/Environmental information/Climate change/Management of risks  associated with climate 
change
NFIS/Environmental information/Climate change/Resilience of the strategy to climate change risks
NFIS/Environmental information/Natural capital/Identification and measurement of risks and 
opportunities associated with natural capital
ESRS 2-MDR-P
ESRS 2-MDR-A
ESRS 2-MDR-M
ESRS 2-MDR-T
62-78
79-92
93-93
109-112
Amount of provisions and guarantees for 
environmental risks
NFIS/General information/Sustainability strategy/Strategy and objectives
NFIS/General information/Sustainability strategy/Evolution of sustainable business channeling
NFIS/Environmental information/Climate change/Management of risks  associated with climate 
change
NFIS/Environmental information/Climate change/Energy consumption and carbon footprint of 
BBVA Group
NFIS/Environmental information/Natural capital/Identification and measurement of risks and 
opportunities associated with natural capital
NFIS/Environmental information/Natural capital/Management of other direct environmental 
impacts
ESRS 2-MDR-A
ESRS E1-E1-1
ESRS E1-E1-3
ESRS E1-E1-7
31-35
35-43
79-92
94-96
109-112
113-114
Pollution
Measures to prevent, reduce or repair emissions that 
seriously affect the environment; taking into account 
any form of activity-specific air pollution, including 
noise and light pollution
NFIS/General information/Sustainability strategy/Evolution of sustainable business channeling
NFIS/Environmental information/Natural capital/Identification and measurement of risks and 
opportunities associated with natural capital
NFIS/Environmental information/Natural capital/Management of other direct environmental 
impacts
ESRS 2-MDR-A
ESRS E2-IRO-1
35-43
109-112
113-114
Consolidated Management Report Consolidated Non-financial Information Statement
208
This English version is a translation of the original in Spanish for information purposes only. In case of a discrepancy, the Spanish original will prevail.

Circular economy and 
waste prevention and 
management
Prevention, recycling, reuse, other forms of recovery 
and types of waste disposal
NFIS/Environmental information/Natural capital/Management of other direct environmental 
impacts
ESRS 2-MDR-A
ESRS E5-IRO-1
113-114
Actions to combat food waste
BBVA considers this matter to be immaterial.
—
—
Sustainable use of 
resources
Water consumption and water supply according to 
local constraints
NFIS/Environmental information/Natural capital/Management of other direct environmental 
impacts
ESRS 2 MDR-A
ESRS 2 MDR-M
ESRS E3 IRO-1
113-114
Use of raw materials and measures taken to improve 
the efficiency of their utilization
NFIS/Environmental information/Natural capital/Management of other direct environmental 
impacts
ESRS 2 MDR-A
ESRS 2 MDR-M
ESRS E5 IRO-1
113-114
Energy use, direct and indirect
NFIS/Environmental information/Climate change/Energy consumption and carbon footprint of 
BBVA Group
ESRS E1-E1-5
94-96
Measures taken to improve energy efficiency
NFIS/Environmental information/Climate change/Energy consumption and carbon footprint of 
BBVA Group
ESRS 2-MDR-A
ESRS E1-E1-3
94-96
Use of renewable energies
NFIS/Environmental information/Climate change/Energy consumption and carbon footprint of 
BBVA Group
ESRS E1-E1-5
94-96
Climate change
Greenhouse gas emissions generated as a result of the 
company's activities, including the use of the goods 
and services it produces
NFIS/Environmental information/Climate change/Energy consumption and carbon footprint of 
BBVA Group
ESRS E1-E1-4
ESRS E1-E1-6
ESRS 2-MDR-M
94-96
Measures taken to adapt to the consequences of 
climate change
NFIS/Environmental Information/Climate change/Transition plan of BBVA Group
NFIS/Environmental information/Climate change/Management of risks associated with climate 
change
NFIS/Environmental information/Climate change/Energy consumption and carbon footprint
ESRS 2-SBM-3
ESRS 2-MDR-A
ESRS E1-E1-3
62-78
79-92
94-96
Reduction goals established voluntarily in the medium 
and long term to reduce greenhouse gas emissions 
and measures implemented for that purpose
NFIS/Environmental Information/Climate change/Transition plan of BBVA Group
NFIS/Environmental information/Climate change/Management of risks associated with climate 
change
NFIS/Environmental information/Climate change/Energy consumption and carbon footprint of 
BBVA Group
ESRS 2-MDR-T
ESRS E1-E1-4
62-78
79-92
94-96
Protection of 
biodiversity
Measures taken to protect or restore biodiversity
Since the metric describes the size of protected or restored habitat areas and BBVA's financial 
activity, as well as the activity of its branches, it is considered to have no impact. In this sense, this 
metric and its different breakdowns are currently considered immaterial.
—
—
Impacts caused by activities or operations in protected 
areas
The operations centers and/or offices owned, leased or managed by BBVA are located in urban 
areas, so the impacts of the entity's activities on biodiversity are considered insignificant. Although 
the products and services marketed may potentially have an impact on biodiversity, they are 
managed according to the regulations and criteria applicable to the nature of the activities financed, 
and there are currently no defined and comparable metrics available for monitoring and reporting in 
relation to BBVA's value chain.
—
—
Consolidated Management Report Consolidated Non-financial Information Statement
209
This English version is a translation of the original in Spanish for information purposes only. In case of a discrepancy, the Spanish original will prevail.

Social and personnel questions
Employees
Total number and distribution of employees according 
to country, gender, age, country and professional 
classification
NFIS/Social information/Own workforce/Workforce characteristics
ESRS 2-SBM-1
ESRS 2-MDR-M
ESRS S1-S1-6
ESRS S1-S1-9
ESRS S1-S1-12
141-148 
Total number and distribution of work contract 
modalities
NFIS/Social information/Own workforce/Workforce characteristics
ESRS-MDR-M
ESRS S1-S1-6
141-148
Annual average of work contract modalities 
(permanent, temporary and part-time) by sex, age, 
and professional classification
NFIS/Social information/Own workforce/Workforce characteristics
ESRS-2-MDR-M
ESRS S1-S1-6
141-148
Number of dismissals by sex, age, and professional 
classification
NFIS/Social information/Own workforce/Workforce characteristics
ESRS-2-MDR-M
ESRS S1-S1-6
141-148
The average remunerations and their evolution 
disaggregated by sex, age, and professional 
classification or equal value
NFIS/Social information/Own workforce/Quality employment and competitive remuneration
ESRS-2-MDR-M
121-132
The average remuneration of directors and executives, 
including variable remuneration, allowances, 
compensation, payment to long-term forecast savings 
and any other perception broken down by gender
NFIS/General information/Sustainability governance model/Sustainability governance
NFIS/Social information/Own workforce/Quality employment and competitive remuneration
ESRS-2-MDR-M
ESRS 2-GOV-3
ESRS E1-GOV-3
44-54
121-132
Pay gap
NFIS/Social information/Own workforce/Quality employment and competitive remuneration
The adjusted pay gap 
is calculated based on 
the requirements of 
Law 11/2018 while the 
gross pay gap is 
calculated by applying 
the following ESRS 
disclosure 
requirements:
ESRS S1-S1-16
121-132
Implementation of employment termination policies
NFIS/Social information/Own workforce/Labor rights
ESRS 2-MDR-P
ESRS S1-S1-1
136-138
Employees with disabilities
NFIS/Social information/Own workforce/Equal opportunities
ESRS S1-S1-12
133-135
Work organization
Work schedule organization
NFIS/Social information/Own workforce/Labor rights
ESRS 2-MDR-A
ESRS 2-MDR-P
ESRS 2-MDR-T
ESRS S1-S1-1
ESRS S1-S1-4
ESRS S1-S1-5
136-138
Number of hours of absenteeism
NFIS/Social information/Own workforce/Occupational health and safety
ESRS 2-MDR-M
ESRS S1-S1-14
138-140
Measures designed to facilitate access to mediation 
resources and encourage the responsible use of these 
by both parents
NFIS/Social information/Own workforce/Labor rights
EIS 2-MDR-A
ESRS S1-S1-4
ESRS S1-S1-15
136-138
Consolidated Management Report Consolidated Non-financial Information Statement
210
This English version is a translation of the original in Spanish for information purposes only. In case of a discrepancy, the Spanish original will prevail.

Health and safety
Work health and safety conditions
NFIS/Social information/Own workforce/Occupational health and safety
ESRS 2-MDR-A
ESRS S1-S1-4
ESRS S1-S1-14
138-140
Work accidents, in particular their frequency and 
severity, disaggregated by gender
NFIS/Social information/Own workforce/Occupational health and safety
ESRS S1-S1-14
138-140
Occupational diseases, disaggregated by gender
NFIS/Social information/Own workforce/Occupational health and safety
ESRS S1-S1-14
138-140
Social relationships
Organization of social dialog, including procedures to 
inform and consult staff and negotiate with them
NFIS/Social information/Own workforce/Labor rights
ESRS S1-S1-2
ESRS S1-S1-8
136-138
Mechanisms and procedures that the company has to 
promote the involvement of workers in the 
management of the company, in terms of information, 
consultation and participation
NFIS/Social information/Own workforce/Culture and values
NFIS/Social information/Own workforce/Labor rights
ESRS S1-SBM-2
ESRS S1-S1-2
ESRS S1-S1-3
ESRS S1-S1-8
119-120
136-138
Percentage of employees covered by collective 
agreement by country
NFIS/Social information/Own workforce/Labor rights
ESRS S1-S1-8
136-138
The balance of collective agreements, particularly in 
the field of health and safety at work
NFIS/Social information/Own workforce/Occupational health and safety
ESRS S1-S1-8
138-140
Training
Policies implemented for training activities
NFIS/Social information/Own workforce/Quality employment and competitive remuneration
ESRS 2-MDR-P
ESRS S1-S1-1
ESRS S1-S1-13
ESRS G1 G1-1
121-132
The total amount of training hours by professional 
category
NFIS/Social information/Own workforce/Quality employment and competitive remuneration
ESRS 2-MDR-M
ESRS S1-S1-13
121-132
Accessibility
Integration and universal accessibility of people with 
disabilities
NFIS/Social information/Own workforce/Equal opportunities
ESRS 2-MDR-A
ESRS S1-S1-4
ESRS S1-S1-12
133-135
Equality
Measures taken to promote equal treatment and 
opportunities between women and men
NFIS/Social information/Own workforce/Equal opportunities
ESRS 2-MDR-A
ESRS S1-S1-1
ESRS S1-S1-4
133-135
Equality plans (Section III of Organic Law 3/2007, of 
March 22, for effective equality of women and men)
NFIS/Social information/Own workforce/Equal opportunities
ESRS 2-MDR-A
ESRS S1-S1-1
ESRS S1-S1-4
133-135
Measures adopted to promote employment, protocols 
against sexual and sex-based harassment.
NFIS/Social information/Own workforce/Equal opportunities
ESRS 2-MDR-P
ESRS 2-MDR-A
ESRS S1-S1-1
ESRS S1-S1-4
133-135
Policy against any type of discrimination and, where 
appropriate, diversity management
NFIS/Social information/Own workforce/Equal opportunities
ESRS 2-MDR-P
ESRS S1-S1-1
133-135
Consolidated Management Report Consolidated Non-financial Information Statement
211
This English version is a translation of the original in Spanish for information purposes only. In case of a discrepancy, the Spanish original will prevail.

Information about the respect for human rights
Human rights
Application of due diligence procedures in the field of 
human rights; prevention of the risks of violation of 
human rights and, where appropriate, measures to 
mitigate, manage, and repair possible abuses 
committed
NFIS/General information/Sustainability governance/Human rights due diligence
ESRS 2-GOV-4
ESRS 2-MDR-P
ESRS 2-MDR-A
57-58
Claims regarding cases of human rights violations
NFIS/General information/Sustainability governance/Human rights due diligence
ESRS S1-S1-17
57-58
Promotion and compliance with the provisions 
contained in the
related fundamental Conventions of the International 
Labor Organization with respect for freedom of 
association and the right to
collective bargaining; the elimination of discrimination 
in employment and occupation; the elimination of 
forced or compulsory labor; and the effective abolition 
of child labor
NFIS/General information/Sustainability governance/Human rights due diligence
NFIS/Social information/Own workforce/Labor rights
ESRS 2-MDR-P
ESRS S1-S1-1
57-58
136-138
Information about anti-bribery and anti-corruption measures
Corruption and bribery
Measures adopted to prevent corruption and bribery
NFIS/Governance Information/Business Conduct/Corruption and Bribery
ESRS MDR-P
ESRS MDR-A
ESRS MDR-M
ESRS MDR-T
ESRS G1-G1-1
ESRS G1-G1-3
176-179
Measures adopted to fight against anti money 
laundering
NFIS/Information on governance/Business conduct/Anti-money laundering and financing of 
terrorism
ESRS MDR-P
ESRS MDR-A
ESRS MDR-M
ESRS MDR-T
ESRS G1-G1-1
ESRS G1-G1-3
179-180
Contributions to foundations and non-profit-making 
bodies
NFIS/Social information/Contribution to society/Other contributions to society
ESRS 2-MDR-A
ESRS 2 MDR-M
169
Consolidated Management Report Consolidated Non-financial Information Statement
212
This English version is a translation of the original in Spanish for information purposes only. In case of a discrepancy, the Spanish original will prevail.

Information about the society
Commitment by the 
company to 
sustainable 
development
Impact of the company’s activities on employment and 
local development
NFIS/General information/Sustainability strategy/Strategy and objectives
NFIS/Social information/Own workforce/Introduction
NFIS/Social information/Contribution to society/Contribution to the community
ESRS S1-SBM-3
ESRS S4-SBM-3
ESRS S1-S1-4
ESRS S4-S4-4
31-35
116-118
166-168
The impact of company activity on local populations 
and on the territory
NFIS/General information/Sustainability strategy/Strategy and objectives
NFIS/Social information/Own workforce/Introduction
NFIS/Social information/Contribution to society/Contribution to the community
NFIS/Social information/Contribution to society/Volunteer work
ESRS S1-SBM-3
ESRS S4-SBM-3
ESRS S1-S1-4
ESRS S4-S4-4
31-35
116-118
166-168
169
The relationships maintained with representatives of 
the local communities and the modalities of dialog with 
these
NFIS/General information/Sustainability strategy/Strategy and objectives
NFIS/Social information/Own workforce/Culture and values
NFIS/Social information/Own workforce/Labor rights
NFIS/Social information/Contribution to society/Contribution to the community
NFIS/Social information/Contribution to society/Volunteer work
NFIS/Governance Information/Providers/Fiscal contribution and transparency
ESRS 2-SBM-2
ESRS S1-SBM-2
ESRS S4-SBM-2
ESRS S1-S1-2
ESRS S4-S4-2
31-35
119-120
136-138
166-168
169
183-190
Actions of association or sponsorship
NFIS/Social information/Contribution to society/Other contributions to society
ESRS 2-MDR-A
ESRS 2 MDR-M
169
Subcontractors and 
suppliers
The inclusion of social, gender equality and 
environmental issues in the purchasing policy
NFIS/Governance Information/Suppliers
ESRS 2 MDR-P
ESRS 2 MDR-A
ESRS 2 MDR-M
ESRS G1 G1-1
182
Consideration of social and environmental 
responsibility in relations with suppliers and 
subcontractors
NFIS/Governance Information/Suppliers
ESRS 2 MDR-P
ESRS 2 MDR-A
ESRS 2 MDR-M
ESRS G1 G1-1
182
Supervision systems and audits, and their results
NFIS/Governance Information/Suppliers
ESRS 2 MDR-P
ESRS 2 MDR-A
ESRS 2 MDR-M
ESRS G1 G1-1
182
Consumers
Customer health and safety measures
NFIS/Social information/Consumers and end users/Transparency in information provided to 
customers about products and services
NFIS/Social information/Consumers and end users/Responsible use of data
FIS/Social information/Consumers and end users/Cybersecurity
NFIS/General information/Sustainability governance/Human rights due diligence
ESRS 2-MDR-A
ESRS S4-S4-4
155-157
157-158
158-161
57-58
Claims systems, complaints received and their 
resolution
NFIS/Social information/Consumers and end users/Complaints channel
ESRS S4-S4-3
161-165
Tax information
Benefits obtained by country
NFIS/Governance Information/Fiscal Contribution and Transparency
—
183-190
Taxes on paid benefits
NFIS/Governance Information/Fiscal Contribution and Transparency
—
183-190
Public subsidies received
NFIS/Governance Information/Fiscal Contribution and Transparency
—
183-190
Requirements of the Taxonomy regulation
NFIS/Environmental information/Climate change/Sustainable financing under Article 8 of the 
European Taxonomy
NFIS/ Supplementary information to the NFIS/ Tables relating to Article 8 of the European 
Taxonomy
ESRS 1
104-108
226-357
Consolidated Management Report Consolidated Non-financial Information Statement
213
This English version is a translation of the original in Spanish for information purposes only. In case of a discrepancy, the Spanish original will prevail.

6.2 Table of contents of Law 7/2021
In accordance with the provisions of Law 7/2021, of May 20, on climate change and energy transition (hereinafter, Law 7/2021), 
BBVA incorporates its Climate Change Report in the Group Management Report , which accompanies the Consolidated Financial 
Statements for the year 2023 and which includes, among others, the content provided for in article 32 of Law 7/2021 and in its 
implementing regulations.
Below is the table of equivalences between the aforementioned contents relating to the Climate Change Report provided for in Law 
7/2021 and its location within the Group Management Report for the year 2024.
Non-financial information statement. Contents of contents of Law 7/2021, of May 20, on climate change and energy transition
Topic
Reporting criteria
Response included in the BBVA Group's 
Consolidated Management Report
Government
The governance structure of the organization, including the 
role of its various bodies, in relation to the identification, 
assessment and management of risks and opportunities 
related to climate change.
NFIS/General information/Sustainability 
governance model/Sustainability governance
Strategy
The strategic approach, both in terms of adaptation and 
mitigation, of entities to manage financial risks associated 
with climate change, taking into account the risks already 
existing at the time of writing the report, and those that 
may arise in the future, identifying the actions necessary at 
that time to mitigate such risks.
NFIS/General information/Sustainability 
strategy/Strategy and objectives
NFIS/Environmental information/Climate 
change/Resilience of the strategy to climate 
change risks
Impacts
The actual and potential impacts of risks and opportunities 
associated with climate change on the organization's 
activities and its strategy, as well as on its financial 
planning.
NFIS/General information/Sustainability 
strategy/Strategy and objectives
NFIS/General information/Double materiality 
analysis/Results and determination of 
materiality
NFIS/Environmental information/Climate 
change/Introduction
Risk management
The processes for identifying, assessing, controlling and 
managing climate-related risks and how these are 
integrated into your overall business risk analysis and their 
integration into the organization's overall risk 
management.
NFIS/Environmental information/Climate 
change/Management of risks associated with 
climate change
Metrics and objectives
The metrics, scenarios and targets used to assess and 
manage the relevant risks and opportunities related to 
climate change and, where calculated, the scope 1, 2 and 3 
of your carbon footprint and how you are addressing its 
reduction.
NFIS/Environmental information/Climate 
change/Energy consumption and carbon 
footprint of BBVA Group
Consolidated Management Report Consolidated Non-financial Information Statement
214
This English version is a translation of the original in Spanish for information purposes only. In case of a discrepancy, the Spanish original will prevail.

6.3 Tables of contents of the ESRS
The NFIS responds to the CSRD and includes this table in accordance with the provisions of ESRS 2. However, this does not necessarily imply that the requirements identified in other legislation are met.
LIST OF DATA POINTS INCLUDED IN CROSS-CUTTING RULES AND IN THEMATIC RULES DERIVED FROM OTHER EU LEGISLATION
Disclosure requirement and related 
data point
Reference to the Regulation 
on sustainability-related 
disclosures in the financial 
services sector (1)
Pillar 3 Reference (2)
Reference to the 
Regulation on 
benchmarks (3)
Reference to 
European 
Climate 
Legislation (4)
Section/Chapter Management Report 2024
Page(s)
ESRS 2: General information
ESRS 2 GOV-1 Gender diversity of the board of 
directors section 21, letter d)
Indicator No. 13 of Table 1 of Annex 1
Commission Delegated 
Regulation (EU) 
2020/1816 (5), Annex II
NFIS/General information/Sustainability governance model/Sustainability 
governance
44-54
ESRS 2 GOV-1
Percentage of board members who are 
independent, paragraph 21 e)
Delegated Regulation (EU) 
2020/1816, Annex II
NFIS/General information/Sustainability governance model/Sustainability 
governance
44-54
ESRS 2 GOV-4
Declaration of due diligence section 30
Indicator No. 10 of Table 3 of Annex 1
NFIS/General information/Sustainability governance model/Human rights due 
diligence
57-58
ESRS 2 SBM-1
Participation in activities related to fossil fuels 
section 40, letter d), subsection i)
Indicator No. 4 of Table 1 of Annex 1
Article 449a of Regulation 
(EU) No 575/2013;
Commission Implementing 
Regulation (EU) 2022/2453 
( 28 ) Table
1: Qualitative information on 
environmental risk and Table
2: Qualitative information on 
social risk
Delegated Regulation (EU) 
2020/1816, Annex II
Not material
—
ESRS 2 SBM-1 Participation in activities related 
to the production of chemical substances 
section 40, letter d), paragraph ii)
Indicator No. 9 of Table 2 of Annex 1
Delegated Regulation (EU) 
2020/1816, Annex II
Not material
—
ESRS 2 SBM-1
Participation in activities related to controversial 
weapons section 40, letter d), subsection iii)
Indicator No. 14 of Table 1 of Annex 1
Delegated Regulation (EU) 
2020/1818 (7), Article 12, 
paragraph 1 Delegated 
Regulation (EU) 
2020/1816, Annex II
Not material
—
ESRS 2 SBM-1
Participation in activities related to the 
cultivation and production of tobacco section 
40, letter d), subsection iv)
Delegated Regulation (EU) 
2020/1818, Article 12, 
Paragraph 1 Delegated 
Regulation (EU) 
2020/1816, Annex II
Not material
—
ESRS E1: Climate change
ESRS E1-1
Transition plan to achieve climate neutrality by 
2050 paragraph 14
Regulation (EU) 
2021/1119, Article 2(1)
Regulation (EU) 
2021/1119, Article 
2(1)
NFIS/Environmental information/Climate change/ Transition plan of BBVA 
Group
62-78
Consolidated Management Report Consolidated Non-financial Information Statement
215
This English version is a translation of the original in Spanish for information purposes only. In case of a discrepancy, the Spanish original will prevail.

ESRS E1-1
Business excluded from the benchmarks 
harmonized with the Paris Agreement, 
paragraph 16, letter g
Article 449(a) of Regulation 
(EU) No 575/2013; 
Implementing Regulation 
(EU)
Commission Regulation (EC) 
No 2022/2453, Template 1: 
Banking portfolio – Climate-
related transition risk: asset 
quality of the
Exposures by sector, 
emissions and residual 
maturity
Delegated Regulation (EU) 
2020/1818, Article 12, 
paragraph 1, points (d) to 
(g), and Article 12, 
paragraph 2
Article 449(a) of 
Regulation (EU) No 
575/2013;
Commission 
Implementing 
Regulation (EU) 
2022/2453, 
template 1: 
Banking portfolio – 
Climate-related 
transition risk: 
asset quality of 
exposures by 
sector, emissions  
and residual 
maturity
NFIS/Environmental information/Climate change/ Transition plan of BBVA 
Group
62-78
ESRS E1-4
GHG emission reduction targets paragraph 34
Indicator No. 4 of Table 2 of Annex 1
Article 449(a) of Regulation 
(EU) No 575/ Commission 
Implementing Regulation 
(EU) 2022/2453, template 3: 
Banking portfolio – Climate 
change transition risk: 
harmonization parameters
Delegated Regulation (EU) 
2020/1818, Article 6
NFIS/General information/Sustainability strategy/Strategy and objectives
NFIS/General information/Sustainability strategy/Evolution of sustainable 
business channeling
NFIS/Environmental information/Climate change/ Transition plan of BBVA 
Group
NFIS/Environmental information/Energy consumption and carbon footprint of 
BBVA Group
31-35
35-43
62-78
94-96
ESRS E1-5
Energy Consumer from non-renewable fossils, 
disaggregated by sources (only sectors with 
high climate impact) section 38
Indicator No. 5 of Table 1 and 
Indicator No. 5 of Table 2 of Annex 1
Not material
—
ESRS E1-5 
Consumer and energy combination Section 37
Indicator No. 5 of Table 1 of Annex 1
Article 449a
Regulation (EU) No 
575/2013; Commission 
Implementing Regulation 
(EU) 2022/2453 Template 3: 
Banking portfolio – Climate-
related transition risk: 
harmonization parameters
NFIS/Environmental information/Energy consumption and carbon footprint of 
BBVA Group
94-96
ESRS E1-6
Gross GHG emissions of scope 1, 2, 3 and total, 
paragraph 44
Indicators 1 and 2 of Table 1 of Annex 
1
Article 449a; Regulation (EU) 
No 575/2013; Implementing 
Regulation (EU) Commission 
Regulation 2022/2453, 
template 1: Banking portfolio 
– Transition risk linked to 
climate change: asset quality 
of exposures by sector, 
emissions and residual 
maturity
Delegated Regulation (EU) 
2020/1818, Article 5, 
paragraph 1, and Articles 
6 and 8, paragraph 1
NFIS/Environmental information/Energy consumption and carbon footprint of 
BBVA Group
94-96
ESRS E1-6
Gross GHG emissions intensity, paragraphs 53 
to 55
Indicator No. 3 of Table 1 of Annex 1
Article 449a
Regulation (EU) No 
575/2013; Commission 
Implementing Regulation 
(EU) 2022/2453 Template 3: 
Banking portfolio – Climate-
related transition risk: 
harmonization parameters
Delegated Regulation (EU) 
2020/1818, Article 8, 
paragraph 1
NFIS/Environmental information/Energy consumption and carbon footprint of 
BBVA Group
94-96
ESRS E1-7
Paragraph 56 on GHG removals and carbon 
credits
Regulation (EU) 
2021/1119, Article 
2, paragraph 1
NFIS/Environmental information/Energy consumption and carbon footprint of 
BBVA Group
94-96
Consolidated Management Report Consolidated Non-financial Information Statement
216
This English version is a translation of the original in Spanish for information purposes only. In case of a discrepancy, the Spanish original will prevail.

ESRS E1-9
Exposure At Default of the benchmark portfolio 
to physical risks related to the climate section 
66
Delegated Regulation (EU) 
2020/1818, annex II 
Delegated Regulation (EU) 
2020/1816, annex II
NFIS/Environmental information/Climate change/Management of risks 
associated with climate change
79-92
ESRS E1-9
Disaggregation of monetary amounts by acute 
and chronic physical risk paragraph 66(a)
ESRS E1-9
Location of significant assets with significant 
physical risk paragraph 66(c).
Article 449a of Regulation 
(EU) No 575/2013; 
Commission Implementing 
Regulation (EU) 2022/2453, 
paragraphs 46 and 47; 
Template 5: Banking portfolio 
- Physical risk of climate 
change: Exposures subject to 
physical risk.
NFIS/Environmental information/Climate change/Management of risks 
associated with climate change
79-92
ESRS E1-9 
Breakdown of the carrying amount of real estate 
assets by energy efficiency class paragraph 
67(c).
Article 449a of Regulation 
(EU) No 575/2013; 
Commission Implementing 
Regulation (EU) 2022/2453, 
paragraph 34; Template 2: 
Banking portfolio - Climate 
change transition risk: Loans 
secured by collateral 
consisting of immovable 
property - Energy efficiency 
of collateral
NFIS/Environmental information/Climate change/Management of risks 
associated with climate change
79-92
ESRS E1-9
Degree of exposure of the portfolio of 
opportunities climate related Section 69
Delegated Regulation (EU) 
2020/1818, Annex II
NFIS/Environmental information/Climate change/Management of risks 
associated with climate change
79-92
ESRS E2: Pollution
ESRS E2-4
Quantity of each pollutant listed in Annex II of 
the European PRTR Regulation (European 
Pollutant Release and Transfer Register) 
released into air, water and land, section 28
Indicator No. 8 of Table 1 of Annex 1,
Indicator No. 2 of Table 2 of Annex 1,
Indicator No. 1 of Table 2 of Annex 1,
Indicator No. 3 of Table 2 of Annex 1
Not material
—
ESRS E3: Water and marine resources
ESRS E3-1
Water and marine Resources Section 9
Indicator No. 7 of Table 2 of Annex 1
Not material
—
ESRS E3-1
Specific policies section 13
Indicator No. 8 of Table 2 of Annex 1
Not material
—
ESRS E3-1
Sustainable management of oceans and seas 
section 14
Indicator No. 12 of Table 2 of Annex 1
Not material
—
ESRS E3-4
Total recycled water and reused, section 28, 
letter c)
Indicator No. 6.2 of Table 2 of Annex 
1
Not material
—
ESRS E3-4
Total water Consumer in m3 by net income of 
the own operations Section 29
Indicator No. 6.1 of Table 2 of Annex 
1
Not material
—
ESRS E4: Biodiversity and ecosystems
Consolidated Management Report Consolidated Non-financial Information Statement
217
This English version is a translation of the original in Spanish for information purposes only. In case of a discrepancy, the Spanish original will prevail.

ESRS 2 - IRO 1 - E4
section 16, letter a), subsection i)
Indicator No. 7 of Table 1 of Annex 1
NFIS/General information/Materiality analysis/Results and determination of 
materiality
NFIS/General information/Materiality analysis/Methodology
NFIS/Environmental information/Natural Capital /Identification and 
measurement of risks associated with natural capital
NFIS/Environmental information/Natural Capital /Management of other direct 
environmental impacts
24-28
28-30
109-112
113-114
V 2 - IRO 1 - E4
paragraph 16, letter b)
Indicator No. 10 of Table 2 of Annex 1
NFIS/General information/Materiality analysis/Results and determination of 
materiality
NFIS/General information/Materiality analysis/Methodology
NFIS/Environmental information/Natural Capital /Identification and 
measurement of risks associated with natural capital
NFIS/Environmental information/Natural Capital /Management of other direct 
environmental impacts
24-28
28-30
109-112
113-114
ESRS 2 - IRO 1 - E4 section
16, letter c)
Indicator No. 14 of Table 2 of Annex 1
NFIS/General information/Materiality analysis/Results and determination of 
materiality
NFIS/General information/Materiality analysis/Methodology
NFIS/Environmental information/Natural Capital /Identification and 
measurement of risks associated with natural capital
NFIS/Environmental information/Natural Capital /Management of other direct 
environmental impacts
24-28
28-30
109-112
113-114
ESRS E4-2
Sustainable agricultural or land use practices or 
policies section 24, letter b)
Indicator No. 11 of Table 2 of Annex 1
Not material
—
ESRS  E4-2
Sustainable marine or ocean policies or 
practices section 24(c)
Indicator No. 12 of Table 2 of Annex 1
Not material
—
ESRS E4-2
Policies to address deforestation section 24, 
letter d)
Indicator No. 15 of Table 2 of Annex 1
Not material
—
ESRS E5: Resource use and circular economy
ESRS E5-5
Non-recycled waste section 37, letter d)
Indicator No. 13 of Table 2 of Annex 1
Not material
—
ESRS E5-5
Hazardous waste and radioactive waste section 
39
Indicator No. 9 of Table 1 of Annex 1
Not material
—
ESRS S1: Own workforce
ESRS 2 - SBM3 - S1
Risk of forced labour cases section 14, letter f)
Indicator No. 13 of Table 3 of Annex I
Not material
—
ESRS 2 - SBM3 - S1
Risk of child labour cases section 14, letter g)
Indicator No. 12 of Table 3 of Annex I
Not material
—
ESRS S1-1
Political commitments in human rights
section 20
Indicator No. 9 of Table 3 and 
Indicator No. 11 of Table 1 of Annex I
NFIS/General information/Sustainability governance model/Sustainability 
governance
Social information/Own workforce/Culture and values
NFIS/Social information/Own workforce/Quality employment and competitive 
remuneration
NFIS/Social information/Own workforce/Equal opportunities
NFIS/Social information/Own workforce/Labor rights
NFIS/Social information/Own workforce/Occupational health and safety
44-54
119-120
121-132
133-135
136-138
138-140
Consolidated Management Report Consolidated Non-financial Information Statement
218
This English version is a translation of the original in Spanish for information purposes only. In case of a discrepancy, the Spanish original will prevail.

ESRS S1-1
Due 
diligence 
policies 
regarding 
matters 
covered by Core Conventions 1 to 8 of the 
International Labour Organization, paragraph 21
Delegated Regulation (EU) 
2020/1816, Annex II
NFIS/General information/Sustainability governance model/Sustainability 
governance
NFIS/Social information/Personal/Culture and values
NFIS/Social information/Own workforce/Quality employment and competitive 
remuneration
NFIS/Social information/workforce/Equal opportunities
NFIS/Social information/Own workforce/Labor rights
NFIS/Social information/Own workforce/Occupational health and safety
44-54
119-120
121-132
133-135
136-138
138-140
ESRS  S1-1
Processes 
and 
measures 
for 
preventing 
trafficking in human beings section 22
Indicator No. 11 of Table 3 of Annex I
Not material
—
ESRS  S1-1
Accident prevention policies or workplace 
accident management system section 23
Indicator No. 1 of Table 3 of Annex I
NFIS/Social information/Own workforce/Occupational health and safety
138-140
ESRS S1-3
Complaints 
and 
complaints 
management 
mechanisms section 32, letter c)
Indicator No. 5 of Table 3 of Annex I
NFIS/Information on governance/business conduct/Whistleblowing channel
166-168
ESRS S1-14
Number of fatalities and number and rate of 
accidents Labor section 88, letters b) and c)
Indicator No. 2 of Table 3 of Annex I
Delegated Regulation (EU) 
2020/1816, Annex II
NFIS/Social information/Own workforce /Occupational health and safety
138-140
ESRS S1-14
Number of days lost by injuries, accidents, 
deaths or disease section 88,letter e)
Indicator No. 3 of Table 3 of Annex I
NFIS/Social information/Own workforce/Occupational health and safety
138-140
ESRS S1-16
Gender pay gap, unadjusted section 97, letter a)
Indicator No. 12 of Table 1 of Annex I
Delegated Regulation (EU) 
2020/1816, Annex II
NFIS/Social information/Own workforce/Quality employment and competitive 
remuneration
121-132
ESRS S1-16
Excessive pay gap between the CEO and the 
workers section 97, letter b)
Indicator No. 8 of Table 3 of Annex I
NFIS/Social information/Own workforce/Quality employment and competitive 
remuneration
121-132
ESRS S1-17
Cases of discrimination section 103, letter a)
Indicator No. 7 of Table 3 of Annex I
NFIS/General information/Sustainability governance model/Human rights due 
diligence
57-58
ESRS  S1-17. 
Default of the Guiding Principles of the United 
Nations on the companies and rights humans 
and the Lines OECD Guidelines Section 104, 
letter a)
Indicator No. 10 of Table 1 and 
Indicator No. 14 of Table 3 of Annex I
Delegated Regulation (EU) 
2020/1816, 
annex 
II 
Delegated Regulation (EU) 
2020/1818, 
article 
12, 
paragraph 1
NFIS/General information/Sustainability governance model/Human rights due 
diligence
57-58
ESRS S2: Workers in the value chain
ESRS  2 - SBM3 - S2
Significant risk of child labour or forced labour in 
the value chain section 11, letter b)
Indicators Nos. 12 and 13 of Table 3 
of Annex I
Not material
—
ESRS  S2-1
Political commitments in human rights section 
17
Indicator No. 9 of Table 3 and 
Indicator No. 11 of Table 1 of Annex 1
Not material
—
ESRS  S2-1 
Policies related to heat chain workers section 18
Indicators Nos. 11 and 4 of Table 3 of 
Annex 1
Not material
—
ESRS  S2-1. 
Default of the Guiding Principles of the United 
Nations on the companies and rights humans 
and the Lines OECD Guidelines Section 19
Indicator No. 10 of Table 1 of Annex 1
Delegated Regulation (EU) 
2020/1816, 
annex 
II 
Delegated Regulation (EU) 
2020/1818, 
article 
12, 
paragraph 1
Not material
—
Consolidated Management Report Consolidated Non-financial Information Statement
219
This English version is a translation of the original in Spanish for information purposes only. In case of a discrepancy, the Spanish original will prevail.

ESRS  S2-1
Due 
diligence 
policies 
regarding 
matters 
covered by Core Conventions 1 to 8 of the 
International Labour Organization, paragraph 19
Delegated Regulation (EU) 
2020/1816, 
annex 
II 
Delegated Regulation (EU) 
2020/1818, 
article 
12, 
paragraph 1
Not material
—
ESRS  S2-4
Human rights issues and incidents related to 
upstream and downstream phases of your value 
chain section 36
Indicator No. 14 of Table 3 of Annex 1
Not material
—
ESRS S3: Affected communities
ESRS  S3-1
Political commitments in human rights section 
16
Indicator No. 9 of Table 3 and 
Indicator No. 11 of Table 1 of Annex 1
Not material
—
ESRS  S3-1
Default with the Guiding Principles of the United 
Nations on the companies and rights humans, 
the principles of the ILO and the Guidelines of 
OECD paragraph 17
Indicator No. 10 of Table 1 of Annex 1
Delegated Regulation (EU) 
2020/1816, 
annex 
II 
Delegated Regulation (EU) 
2020/1818, 
article 
12, 
paragraph 1
Not material
—
ESRS  S3-4
Human rights issues and incidents section 36
Indicator No. 14 of Table 3 of Annex 1
Not material
—
ESRS S4: Consumers and end users
ESRS  S4-1 
Policies related to consumers and end-users 
section 16
Indicator No. 9 of Table 3 and 
Indicator No. 11 of Table 1 of Annex 1
NFIS/General information/Sustainability governance model/Sustainability 
governance
NFIS/Social information/Consumers and end users/Transparency in the 
information provided to customers about products and services
NFIS/Social information/Consumers and end users/Responsible use of data
NFIS/Social information/Consumers and end users/Cybersecurity
44-54
ESRS S4-1
Default with the Guiding Principles of the United 
Nations on the companies and rights humans 
and the Lines OECD Guidelines Section 17
Indicator No. 10 of Table 1 of Annex 1
Delegated Regulation (EU) 
2020/1816, 
annex 
II 
Delegated Regulation (EU) 
2020/1818, 
article 
12, 
paragraph 11
NFIS/General information/Sustainability governance model/Human rights due 
diligence
57-58
ESRS  S4-4
Human rights issues and incidents section 35
Indicator No. 14 of Table 3 of Annex 1
NFIS/General information/Sustainability governance model/Human rights due 
diligence
57-58
ESRS G1: Business conduct
ESRS  G1-1
United Nations Convention against Corruption 
paragraph 10, letter b)
Indicator No. 15 of Table 3 of Annex 1
NFIS/Information on governance/Business conduct/Corporate culture and 
Code of Conduct
NFIS/Information on governance/business conduct/Whistleblowing channel
174
175-176
ESRS  G1-1
Whistleblower protection section 10, letter d)
Indicator No. 6 of Table 3 of Annex 1
NFIS/Information on governance/Business conduct/Corporate culture and 
Code of Conduct
NFIS/Information on governance/business conduct/Whistleblowing channel
174
175-176
ESRS  G1-4
Fines for breaching anti-corruption and anti-
bribery laws, paragraph 24, letter a)
Indicator No. 17 of Table 3 of Annex 1
Delegated Regulation (EU) 
2020/1816, Annex II
NFIS/Information on governance/Business conduct/Corruption and bribery
176-179
ESRS  G1-4
Anti-corruption 
and 
anti-bribery 
standards 
section 24, letter b)
Indicator No. 16 of Table 3 of Annex 1
NFIS/Information on governance/Business conduct/Corruption and bribery
176-179
(1) Regulation (EU) 2019/2088 of the European Parliament and of the Council of 27 November 2019 on sustainability-related disclosures in the financial services sector (OJ L 317, 9.12.2019, p. 1).  
(2) Regulation (EU) No 575/2013 of the European Parliament and of the Council of 26 June 2013 on prudential requirements for credit institutions and investment firms and amending Regulation (EU) No 648/2012 (Capital Requirements Regulation, 'CRR') (OJ L 176, 
27.6.2013, p. 1).
(3) Regulation (EU) 2016/1011 of the European Parliament and of the Council of 8 June 2016 on indices used as benchmarks in financial instruments and financial contracts or for measuring the performance of mutual funds and amending Directives 2008/48/EC and 
2014/17/EU and Regulation (EU) No 596/2014 (OJ L 171, 29.6.2016, p. 1). 
Consolidated Management Report Consolidated Non-financial Information Statement
220
This English version is a translation of the original in Spanish for information purposes only. In case of a discrepancy, the Spanish original will prevail.

(4) Regulation (EU) 2021/1119 of the European Parliament and of the Council of 30 June 2021 establishing the framework for achieving climate neutrality and amending Regulations (EC) No 401/2009 and (EU) 2018/1999 ('European climate Legislation ') (OJ L 243, 
9.7.2021, p. 1).
TABLE OF CONTENTS OF MATERIAL DISCLOSURE REQUIREMENTS INCLUDED IN THE STATEMENT OF NON-FINANCIAL INFORMATION
Material disclosure requirement
Section/Chapter Management Report 2024
ESRS 2: General information
Basis for preparation
BP-1
General basis for preparation of sustainability statements
NFIS/General information/Introduction/General basis for the preparation of the Consolidated Non-Financial 
Information Statement
BP-2
Disclosures in relation to specific circumstances
NFIS/General information/Introduction/Information regarding specific circumstances
Governance
GOV-1
The role of the administrative, management and supervisory bodies
NFIS/General information/Introduction
NFIS/General information/Sustainability governance model/Sustainability governance
GOV-2
Information provided to and sustainability matters addressed by the 
undertaking’s administrative, management and supervisory bodies
NFIS/General information/Sustainability governance model/Sustainability governance
GOV-3
Integration of sustainability-related performance in incentive 
schemes
NFIS/General information/Sustainability governance model/Sustainability governance
NFIS/Social information/Own workforce/Quality employment and competitive remuneration
GOV-4
Statement on due diligence
NFIS/General information/Sustainability governance model/Human rights due diligence
GOV-5
Risk management and internal controls over sustainability reporting
NFIS/General information/Introduction/Sustainability governance model/Internal Control over the Consolidated 
Non-financial Information Statement
Strategy
SBM-1
Strategy, business model and value chain
NFIS/General information/Introduction/Information regarding specific circumstances
NFIS/General information/Sustainability strategy/Strategy and objectives
SBM-2
Interests and views of stakeholders
BBVA in brief/ BBVA Group Strategy
NFIS/General information/Sustainability strategy
NFIS/General information/Double Materiality analysis
SBM-3
Material impacts, risks and opportunities and their interaction with 
strategy and business model
NFIS/General information/Double Materiality analysis/Results and determination of materiality
NFIS/Environmental information/Climate change/Introduction
NFIS/Social information/Consumers and end users
NFIS/Governance information/Business conduct
Impact, risk and 
opportunity 
management
IRO-1
Description of the processes to identify and assess material 
impacts, risks and opportunities
NFIS/General information/Double Materiality analysis/Methodology
IRO-2
Disclosure requirements in ESRS covered by the undertaking’s 
sustainability statement
NFIS/General information/Double Materiality analysis/Results and determination of materiality
Complementary information to the Consolidated Non-financial Information Statement/Tables of contents of the 
ESRS
Consolidated Management Report Consolidated Non-financial Information Statement
221
This English version is a translation of the original in Spanish for information purposes only. In case of a discrepancy, the Spanish original will prevail.

Minimum disclosure 
requirement
MDR-P
Policies adopted to manage material sustainability matters
NFIS/General information/Sustainability governance model/Sustainability governance
NFIS/Environmental information/Climate change/Transition plan of BBVA Group
NFIS/Social information/Own workforce
NFIS/Social information/Consumers and end users
NFIS/Governance information/Business conduct
MDR-A
Actions and resources in relation to material sustainability matters
NFIS/Environmental information/Climate change
NFIS/Social information/Own workforce
NFIS/Social information/Consumers and end users
NFIS/Governance information/Business conduct
MDR-M
Metrics in relation to material sustainability matters
NFIS/Environmental information/Climate change
NFIS/Social information/Own workforce
NFIS/Social information/Consumers and end users
NFIS/Governance information/Business conduct
MDR-T
Tracking effectiveness of policies and actions through targets
NFIS/General information/Sustainable strategy/Strategy and objectives
NFIS/Environmental information/Climate change
NFIS/Social information/Own workforce
NFIS/Social information/Consumers and end users
NFIS/Governance information/Business conduct
ESRS E1: Climate change (1)
Governance
ESRS 2 
GOV-3
Integration of sustainability-related performance in incentive 
scheme
NFIS/General information/Sustainability governance model/Sustainability governance
NFIS/Social information/Own workforce/Quality employment and competitive remuneration
Strategy
ESRS 2 
SBM-3
Material impacts, risks and opportunities and their interaction with 
strategy and business model
NFIS/General information/Double Materiality analysis/Results and determination of materiality
NFIS/Environmental information/Climate change/Introduction
NFIS/Environmental information/Climate change/Resilience of the strategy to climate change risks
E1-1
Transition plan for climate change mitigation
NFIS/Environmental information/Climate change/Transition plan of BBVA Group
Impact, risk and 
opportunity 
management
ESRS 2 
IRO-1
Description of the processes to identify and assess material climate-
related impacts, risks and opportunities
NFIS/General information/Double Materiality analysis/Results and determination of materiality
NFIS/General information/Double Materiality analysis/Methodology
NFIS/Environmental information/Climate change/Management of risks associated with climate change
E1-2
Policies related to climate change mitigation and adaptation
NFIS/General information/Sustainability governance model/Sustainability governance
NFIS/Environmental information/Climate change/Transition plan of BBVA Group
E1-3
Actions and resources related to climate change policies
NFIS/General information/Sustainable strategy/Strategy and objectives
NFIS/General information/Sustainable strategy/Evolution of sustainable business channeling
NFIS/Environmental information/Climate change/Climate change/Management of risk associated with climate 
change
NFIS/Environmental information/Climate change/Energy Consumer and carbon footprint of BBVA Group
NFIS/Environmental information/Climate change/Sustainable financing under Article 8 of the European 
Taxonomy
Consolidated Management Report Consolidated Non-financial Information Statement
222
This English version is a translation of the original in Spanish for information purposes only. In case of a discrepancy, the Spanish original will prevail.

Metrics and targets
E1-4
Targets related to climate change mitigation and adaptation
NFIS/General information/Sustainable strategy/Strategy and objectives
NFIS/General information/Sustainable strategy/Evolution of sustainable business channeling
NFIS/Environmental information/Climate change/Climate change/Management of risk associated with climate 
change
NFIS/Environmental information/Climate change/Energy Consumer and carbon footprint of BBVA Group
E1-5
Energy consumption and mix 
NFIS/Environmental information/Climate change/Energy Consumer and carbon footprint of BBVA Group
E1-6
Gross Scopes 1, 2, 3 and Total GHG emissions
NFIS/Environmental information/Climate change/Energy Consumer and carbon footprint of BBVA Group
E1-7
GHG removals and GHG mitigation projects financed through carbon 
credits
NFIS/Environmental information/Climate change/Energy Consumer and carbon footprint of BBVA Group
E1-8
Internal carbon pricing
NFIS/Environmental information/Climate change/Energy Consumer and carbon footprint of BBVA Group
E1-9
Anticipated financial effects from material physical and transition 
risks and potential climate-related opportunities
NFIS/Environmental information/Climate change/Climate change/Management of risk associated with climate 
change
ESRS E2, E3, E4, E5
Impact, risk and 
opportunity 
management
ESRS 2 
IRO-1
Description of the processes to identify and assess material climate-
related impacts, risks and opportunities
NFIS/General information/Double Materiality analysis/Results and determination of materiality
NFIS/General information/Double Materiality analysis/Methodology
ESRS S1: Own Workforce
Strategy
SBM-2
Interests and views of stakeholders
NFIS/General information/Sustainability strategy/Strategy and objectives
NFIS/Social information/Own workforce/Culture and values
SBM-3
Material impacts, risks and opportunities and their interaction with 
strategy and business model 
Impacts, risks and opportunities management
NFIS/General information/Double Materiality analysis/Results and determination of materiality
NFIS/Social information/Own workforce
Impact, risk and 
opportunity 
management
S1-1
Policies related to own workforce
NFIS/General information/Sustainability governance model/Sustainability governance
NFIS/Social information/Own workforce/Culture and values
NFIS/Social information/Own workforce/Quality employment and competitive remuneration
NFIS/Social information/Own workforce/Labor rights
NFIS/Social information/Own workforce/Occupational health and safety
S1-2
Processes for engaging with own workers and workers’ 
representatives about impacts
NFIS/Social information/Own workforce/Labor rights
S1-3
Processes to remediate negative impacts and channels for own 
workers to raise concerns
NFIS/Governance information/Business conduct/Whistleblowing Channel
S1-4
Taking action on material impacts on own workforce, and 
approaches to mitigating material risks and pursuing material 
opportunities related to own workforce, and effectiveness of those 
actions
NFIS/Social information/Own workforce/Culture and values
NFIS/Social information/Own workforce/Quality employment and competitive remuneration
NFIS/Social information/Own workforce/Labor rights
NFIS/Social information/Own workforce/Occupational health and safety
Consolidated Management Report Consolidated Non-financial Information Statement
223
This English version is a translation of the original in Spanish for information purposes only. In case of a discrepancy, the Spanish original will prevail.

Metrics and targets
S1-5
Targets related to managing material negative impacts, advancing 
positive impacts, and managing material risks and opportunities
NFIS/Social information/Own workforce/Culture and values
NFIS/Social information/Own workforce/Quality employment and competitive remuneration
NFIS/Social information/Own workforce/Labor rights
NFIS/Social information/Own workforce/Occupational health and safety
S1-6
Characteristics of the undertaking’s employees
NFIS/Social information/Own workforce/Workforce characteristics
S1-8
Collective bargaining coverage and social dialogue
NFIS/Social information/Own workforce/Labor rights
S1-9
Diversity metrics
NFIS/Social information/Own workforce/Equal opportunities
S1-12
Persons with disabilities
NFIS/Social information/Own workforce/Equal opportunities
S1-13
Training and skills development metrics
NFIS/Social information/Own workforce/Quality employment and competitive remuneration 
S1-14
 Health and safety metrics
NFIS/Social information/Own workforce/Occupational health and safety
S1-15
Work-life balance metrics
NFIS/Social information/Own workforce/Labor rights
S1-16
Remuneration parameters (pay gap and total remuneration ) 
NFIS/Social information/Own workforce/Quality employment and competitive remuneration 
S1-17
Incidents, complaints and severe human rights impacts
NFIS/General information/Sustainability governance/Human rights due diligence
ESRS S4: Consumers and end-users
Strategy
SBM-2
Interests and views of stakeholders
NFIS/General information/Sustainability strategy/Strategy and objectives
SBM-3
Material impacts, risks and opportunities and their interaction with 
strategy and business mode
NFIS/General information/Double Materiality analysis/Results and determination of materiality
NFIS/Social information/Consumers and end users
Impact, risk and 
opportunity 
management
S4-1
Policies related to consumers and end-users
NFIS/General information/Sustainability governance model/Sustainability governance
NFIS/Social information/Consumers and end users/Transparency in information to customers about products 
and services
NFIS/Social information/Consumers and end users/Responsible use of data
NFIS/Social information/Consumers and end users/Cybersecurity
S4-2
Processes for engaging with consumers and end-users about 
impacts
NFIS/Social information/Consumers and end users/Customer experience
NFIS/Social information/Consumers and end users/Accessibility to services and products
NFIS/Social information/Consumers and end users/Raising awareness on sustainability issues
NFIS/Social information/Consumers and end users/Responsible use of data
NFIS/Social information/Consumers and end users/Complaints channel
S4-3
Processes to remediate negative impacts and channels for 
consumers and end-users to raise concerns
NFIS/Social information/Consumers and end users/Complaints channel
S4-4
Taking action on material impacts on consumers and end-users, and 
approaches to managing material risks and pursuing material 
opportunities related to consumers and end-users, and 
effectiveness of those actions
NFIS/Social information/Consumers and end users/Customer experience
NFIS/Social information/Consumers and end users/Accessibility to services and products
NFIS/Social information/Consumers and end users/Raising awareness on sustainability issues
NFIS/Social information/Consumers and end users/Transparency in information to customers about products 
and services
NFIS/Social information/Consumers and end users/Responsible use of data
NFIS/Social information/Consumers and end users/Complaints channel
Metrics and targets
S4-5
Targets related to managing material negative impacts, advancing 
positive impacts, and managing material risks and opportunities
NFIS/Social information/Consumers and end users/Accessibility to services and products
NFIS/Social information/Consumers and end users/Raising awareness on sustainability issues
ESRS G1: Business conduct
Governance
GOV-1
The role of the administrative, supervisory and management bodies
NFIS/Governance information/Business conduct
Impact, risk and 
opportunity 
management
IRO-1
Description of the processes to identify and assess material 
impacts, risks and opportunities
NFIS/General information/Double Materiality analysis/Results and determination of materiality
NFIS/General information/Double Materiality analysis/Methodology
G1-1
Corporate culture and Business conduct policies and corporate 
culture
NFIS/Governance information/Business conduct/Corporate culture and Code of Conduct 
NFIS/Governance information/Business conduct/Whistleblowing Channel
G1-3
Prevention and detection of corruption and bribery
NFIS/Governance information/Business conduct/Corruption and bribery
NFIS/Governance information/Anti-money laundering and financing of terrorism
Consolidated Management Report Consolidated Non-financial Information Statement
224
This English version is a translation of the original in Spanish for information purposes only. In case of a discrepancy, the Spanish original will prevail.

Metrics and targets
G1-4
Confirmed incidents of corruption or bribery
NFIS/Governance information/Business conduct/Corruption and bribery
(1) Taking into account its activity, BBVA does not consider as material the following requirements: ESRS E1-1, paragraph 16d (on potential blocked GHG emissions), E1-5, paragraph 38 (on sectors with a high climate impact), and E1-6, paragraph 50b (on the separate 
disclosure of emissions from certain entities) to be material. They are therefore not disclosed in this report.
Consolidated Management Report Consolidated Non-financial Information Statement
225
This English version is a translation of the original in Spanish for information purposes only. In case of a discrepancy, the Spanish original will prevail.

6.4 Tables relating to Article 8 of the European 
Taxonomy
Template for the KPIs of credit institutions
Summary of KPIs
Assets for the calculation of GAR
GAR sector information
GAR KPI stock
GAR KPI flow
KPI off-balance-sheet exposures stock
KPI off-balance-sheet exposures flow
Templates related to nuclear and gas activities
Credit institutions
Nuclear and fossil gas related activities
Taxonomy-aligned economic activities (denominator)
Taxonomy-aligned economic activities (numerator)
Taxonomy-eligible but not taxonomy-aligned economic activities
Taxonomy non-eligible economic activities
Insurance and Reinsurance
Nuclear and fossil gas related activities
Taxonomy-aligned economic activities (denominator)
Taxonomy-aligned economic activities (numerator)
Taxonomy-eligible but not taxonomy-aligned economic activities
Taxonomy non-eligible economic activities
Asset Managers
Nuclear and fossil gas related activities
Taxonomy-aligned economic activities (denominator)
Taxonomy-aligned economic activities (numerator)
Taxonomy-eligible but not taxonomy-aligned economic activities
Taxonomy non-eligible economic activities
KPI of insurance or reinsurance undertaking’s investments that are Taxonomy-aligned
KPI of asset managers’ investments that are Taxonomy-aligned
Consolidated Management Report Consolidated Non-financial Information Statement
226
This English version is a translation of the original in Spanish for information purposes only. In case of a discrepancy, the Spanish original will prevail.

SUMMARY OF THE KPIs TO BE DISCLOSED BY CREDIT INSTITUTIONS
2024
Total environmentally 
sustainable assets ( small 
businesses)
Indicator % ( small 
businesses)
Indicator % (CapEx)
% coverage (on total 
assets) (4)
% of assets excluded from 
the numerator of the GAR 
(Article 7, paragraphs 2 and 
3, and Annex V, section 
1.1.2)
% of assets excluded from 
the GAR denominator 
(Article 7, paragraph 1, and 
Annex V, section 1.2.4)
Green asset ratio (GAR) 
stock
2,775
0.57%
0.84%
65.36%
35.39%
34.64%
GAR (flow)
889
0.50%
0.87%
23.84%
16.20%
76.16%
Trading Portfolio
Financial guarantees
395
1.76%
3.81%
Assets under management
619
0.34%
0.63%
Income from fees and fees (1)
(1) Fee and commission income from services other than lending and assets under management. The key performance indicators for fees and commissions and trading book will only apply from 2026 onwards.
SUMMARY OF THE KPIs TO BE DISCLOSED BY CREDIT INSTITUTIONS
2023
Total environmentally 
sustainable assets ( small 
businesses)
Indicator % ( small 
businesses)
Indicator % (CapEx)
% coverage (on total 
assets) (4)
% of assets excluded from 
the numerator of the GAR 
(Article 7, paragraphs 2 and 
3, and Annex V, section 
1.1.2)
% of assets excluded from 
the GAR denominator 
(Article 7, paragraph 1, and 
Annex V, section 1.2.4)
Green asset ratio (GAR) 
stock
0
0.52%
0.80%
59.04%
26.26%
40.96%
GAR (flow)
0
0.68%
1.14%
16.14%
8.78%
83.86%
Trading Portfolio
Financial guarantees
0
2.02%
5.51%
Assets under management
0
0.16%
0.34%
Income from fees and fees (1)
—%
—%
(1) Fee and commission income from services other than lending and assets under management. The key performance indicators for fees and commissions and trading book will only apply from 2026 onwards.
Consolidated Management Report Consolidated Non-financial Information Statement
227
This English version is a translation of the original in Spanish for information purposes only. In case of a discrepancy, the Spanish original will prevail.

GAR - Covered assets in both numerator and 
denominator
Loans and advances, debt securities and equity 
instruments not HfT eligible for GAR calculation
222,236
119,974
2,768
1,115
326
857
1,136
2
—
—
5
—
—
—
4,385
—
—
—
Financial corporations
9,299
2,137
163
—
11
39
798
1
—
—
—
—
—
—
59
—
—
—
Credit institutions
7,565
1,684
118
—
10
14
798
—
—
—
—
—
—
—
—
—
—
—
Loans and advances
5,552
1,110
83
—
5
10
634
—
—
—
—
—
—
—
—
—
—
—
Debt securities, including UoP
1,968
565
35
—
5
3
163
—
—
—
—
—
—
—
—
—
—
—
Equity instruments
45
9
—
—
—
—
—
—
—
—
—
—
—
—
Other financial corporations
1,734
453
45
—
1
25
—
—
—
—
—
—
—
—
59
—
—
—
of which investment firms
8
2
—
—
—
—
—
—
—
—
—
—
—
—
2
—
—
—
Loans and advances
8
2
—
—
—
—
—
—
—
—
—
—
—
—
2
—
—
—
Debt securities, including UoP
—
—
—
—
—
—
—
—
—
—
—
—
—
—
—
—
—
—
Equity instruments
—
—
—
—
—
—
—
—
—
—
—
—
—
—
of which  management companies
96
64
12
—
1
8
—
—
—
—
—
—
—
—
—
—
—
—
Loans and advances
95
64
12
—
1
8
—
—
—
—
—
—
—
—
—
—
—
—
Debt securities, including UoP
—
—
—
—
—
—
—
—
—
—
—
—
—
—
—
—
—
—
Equity instruments
—
—
—
—
—
—
—
—
—
—
—
—
—
—
of which insurance undertakings
24
—
—
—
—
—
—
—
—
—
—
—
—
—
—
—
—
—
Loans and advances
5
—
—
—
—
—
—
—
—
—
—
—
—
—
—
—
—
—
Debt securities, including UoP
2
—
—
—
—
—
—
—
—
—
—
—
—
—
—
—
—
—
Equity instruments
17
—
—
—
—
—
—
—
—
—
—
—
—
—
Non-financial corporations
22,015
6,710
1,499
10
316
818
339
1
—
1
5
—
—
—
4,325
—
—
—
Loans and advances
20,219
6,284
1,309
—
300
673
337
1
—
1
4
—
—
—
3,707
—
—
—
Debt securities, including UoP
1,216
361
182
10
16
143
1
—
—
—
—
—
—
—
120
—
—
—
Equity instruments
580
65
8
—
3
—
—
—
—
—
—
499
—
—
Households
187,141
111,127
1,106
1,106
—
—
—
—
—
—
—
—
—
—
of which loans collateralized by 
residential immovable property
97,034
97,034
1,088
1,088
—
—
—
—
—
—
—
—
—
—
of which building renovation loans
4,418
4,418
—
—
—
—
—
—
—
—
—
—
—
—
ASSETS FOR THE CALCULATION OF GAR - TURNOVER
Million EUR
2024
Total 
[gross] 
carrying 
amount
Climate Change Mitigation (CCM)
Climate Change Adaptation (CCA)
Water and marine resources (WTR)
Circular economy (CE)
Of which towards taxonomy relevant sectors 
(Taxonomy-eligible)
Of which towards taxonomy relevant 
sectors (Taxonomy-eligible)
Of which towards taxonomy relevant 
sectors (Taxonomy-eligible)
Of which towards taxonomy relevant 
sectors (Taxonomy-eligible)
Of which environmentally sustainable 
(Taxonomy-aligned)
Of which environmentally 
sustainable (Taxonomy-
aligned)
Of which environmentally 
sustainable (Taxonomy-
aligned)
Of which environmentally 
sustainable (Taxonomy-
aligned)
Of which 
Use of 
Proceed
s
Of which 
transitio
nal
Of which 
enabling
Of which 
Use of 
Proceed
s
Of which 
enabling
Of which 
Use of 
Proceed
s
Of which 
enabling
Of which 
Use of 
Proceed
s
Of which 
enabling
Consolidated Management Report Consolidated Non-financial Information Statement
228
This English version is a translation of the original in Spanish for information purposes only. In case of a discrepancy, the Spanish original will prevail.

of which motor vehicle loans
9,675
9,675
18
18
—
—
Local governments financing
3,781
—
—
—
—
—
—
—
—
—
—
—
—
—
—
—
—
—
Housing financing
—
—
—
—
—
—
—
—
—
—
—
—
—
—
—
—
—
—
Other local government financing
3,781
—
—
—
—
—
—
—
—
—
—
—
—
—
—
—
—
—
Collateral obtained by taking possession: 
residential and commercial immovable 
properties
820
820
5
5
—
—
—
—
—
—
—
—
—
—
—
—
—
—
Other assets excluded from the numerator for 
GAR calculation (covered in the denominator)
263,322
—
—
—
—
—
—
—
—
—
—
—
—
—
—
—
—
—
Non-financial corporations
223,547
SMEs and NFCs (other than SMEs) not 
subject to NFRD disclosure obligations
82,250
Loans and advances
76,370
of which loans collateralized by 
commercial immovable property
9,322
of which building renovation loans
434
Debt securities
2,562
Equity instruments
3,318
Non-EU country counterparties not subject 
to NFRD disclosure obligations
141,297
Loans and advances
134,201
Debt securities
4,654
Equity instruments
2,443
Derivatives
1,088
On demand interbank loans
7,269
Cash and cash-related assets
8,667
Other assets (e.g. Goodwill, commodities 
etc.)
22,752
Total GAR assets
486,378
120,657
2,773
1,121
326
857
1,136
2
—
—
5
—
—
—
4,385
—
—
—
Other assets not covered for GAR calculation
257,721
Sovereigns
103,431
ASSETS FOR THE CALCULATION OF GAR - TURNOVER
Million EUR
2024
Total 
[gross] 
carrying 
amount
Climate Change Mitigation (CCM)
Climate Change Adaptation (CCA)
Water and marine resources (WTR)
Circular economy (CE)
Of which towards taxonomy relevant sectors 
(Taxonomy-eligible)
Of which towards taxonomy relevant 
sectors (Taxonomy-eligible)
Of which towards taxonomy relevant 
sectors (Taxonomy-eligible)
Of which towards taxonomy relevant 
sectors (Taxonomy-eligible)
Of which environmentally sustainable 
(Taxonomy-aligned)
Of which environmentally 
sustainable (Taxonomy-
aligned)
Of which environmentally 
sustainable (Taxonomy-
aligned)
Of which environmentally 
sustainable (Taxonomy-
aligned)
Of which 
Use of 
Proceed
s
Of which 
transitio
nal
Of which 
enabling
Of which 
Use of 
Proceed
s
Of which 
enabling
Of which 
Use of 
Proceed
s
Of which 
enabling
Of which 
Use of 
Proceed
s
Of which 
enabling
Consolidated Management Report Consolidated Non-financial Information Statement
229
This English version is a translation of the original in Spanish for information purposes only. In case of a discrepancy, the Spanish original will prevail.

Central banks exposure
44,252
Trading book
110,037
Total assets
744,098
—
—
—
—
—
—
—
—
—
—
—
—
—
—
—
—
—
Off-balance sheet exposures - Corporates 
subject to NFRD disclosure obligations
Financial guarantees
22,446
1,117
394
—
13
268
4
1
—
1
33
—
—
—
76
—
—
—
Assets under management
179,437
2,044
617
90
35
310
28
1
—
1
1
—
—
—
222
—
—
—
Of which debt securities
20,232
1,386
426
90
20
198
24
1
—
—
—
—
—
—
65
—
—
—
Of which equity instruments
13,650
658
191
—
16
112
4
1
—
—
—
—
—
—
156
—
—
—
1. The present information has been prepared in accordance with Commission Delegated Regulation (EU) 2021/2178, of July 6, 2021, which supplements Regulation (EU) 2020/852 of the European Parliament and of the Council by specifying the content and the presentation of information on 
environmentally sustainable economic activities
2. Customers' economic activities are classified as eligible or aligned in accordance with the Delegated Acts supplementing Regulation (EU) 2020/852 of the European Parliament and of the Council. Specifically, the economic activities covered by Delegated Regulations (EU) 2021/2139 on 
mitigation and adaptation to climate change have been taken into consideration.
3. Customers'  economic activities are classified as eligible or aligned taking into account the modifications implemented by Commission Delegated Regulation (EU) 2022/1214 of March 9, 2022, which includes economic activities in certain energy sectors, and Commission Delegated Regulation 
(EU) 2023/2485 of 27 June 2023 establishing additional technical criteria.
4. The information includes the BBVA Group total prudential balance. In terms of breakdown of environmental objectives, the most significant entities are included and correspond to 96% of the total assets  . The financial assets analyzed correspond to the categories of financial instruments 
valued “At amortized cost”, “Fair Value with Changes in Other Comprehensive Income (FVOCI)”, “Fair Value with Changes in P&L” and “Non-negotiable at Fair Value with changes in result.
5. NFRD counterparties are those subject to Directive 2014/95/EU (the Non-Financial Reporting Directive or NFRD), such as large listed companies, banks and insurance companies, with more than 500 employees. BBVA identifies NFRD counterparties mainly in two ways: i) review of the 
registered office in a country of the European Union and ii) more than 500 employees. In the event that the previous criterion is not met and if the client belongs to a business group, the same review is carried out at the parent company level.
6. Eligibility information for NFRD counterparties is obtained through an external reference provider in the sector, which obtains EU taxonomy KPI information directly from their corporate reports, EINF or equivalent. In the case of NFRD clients for whom the information has not been provided 
through the previous means, the information from their corporate reports is captured by BBVA or the client's main activity is analyzed to establish their eligibility.
7. Exposure to individuals includes self-employed workers, in which case the activity code (NACE) is reviewed to determine eligibility. The rest of the exposure corresponding to the individual segment is reviewed for the use of funds to be considered eligible, for example, in the case of housing 
loans. EU Taxonomy activity 7.7 Acquisition and ownership of buildings, EU Taxonomy activity 7.2 Renovation of independently existing buildings, or Cars: EUT 6.5 Transport by motorcycles, passenger cars and light commercial vehicles)
8. While exposures to governments and central banks are excluded from the GAR calculation symmetrically, from the numerator and denominator, financing to small and medium-sized enterprises that do not fall within the scope of the NFRD or financing outside EU (even if they meet the 
taxonomy criteria requirements) cannot qualify as aligned with the taxonomy. Furthermore, activities not covered by the EU taxonomy will be excluded from the numerator, but not from the denominator of GAR.
ASSETS FOR THE CALCULATION OF GAR - TURNOVER
Million EUR
2024
Total 
[gross] 
carrying 
amount
Climate Change Mitigation (CCM)
Climate Change Adaptation (CCA)
Water and marine resources (WTR)
Circular economy (CE)
Of which towards taxonomy relevant sectors 
(Taxonomy-eligible)
Of which towards taxonomy relevant 
sectors (Taxonomy-eligible)
Of which towards taxonomy relevant 
sectors (Taxonomy-eligible)
Of which towards taxonomy relevant 
sectors (Taxonomy-eligible)
Of which environmentally sustainable 
(Taxonomy-aligned)
Of which environmentally 
sustainable (Taxonomy-
aligned)
Of which environmentally 
sustainable (Taxonomy-
aligned)
Of which environmentally 
sustainable (Taxonomy-
aligned)
Of which 
Use of 
Proceed
s
Of which 
transitio
nal
Of which 
enabling
Of which 
Use of 
Proceed
s
Of which 
enabling
Of which 
Use of 
Proceed
s
Of which 
enabling
Of which 
Use of 
Proceed
s
Of which 
enabling
Consolidated Management Report Consolidated Non-financial Information Statement
230
This English version is a translation of the original in Spanish for information purposes only. In case of a discrepancy, the Spanish original will prevail.

          
GAR - Covered assets in both numerator and 
denominator
Loans and advances, debt securities and equity 
instruments not HfT eligible for GAR calculation
125
—
—
—
309
—
—
—
125,934
2,770
1,115
326
858
Financial corporations
5
—
—
—
—
—
—
—
2,999
164
—
11
39
Credit institutions
—
—
—
—
—
—
—
—
2,482
118
—
10
14
Loans and advances
—
—
—
—
—
—
—
—
1,745
83
—
5
10
Debt securities, including UoP
—
—
—
—
—
—
—
—
728
35
—
5
3
Equity instruments
—
—
—
—
—
—
9
—
—
—
Other financial corporations
5
—
—
—
—
—
—
—
518
46
—
1
25
of which investment firms
—
—
—
—
—
—
—
—
4
—
—
—
—
Loans and advances
—
—
—
—
—
—
—
—
4
—
—
—
—
Debt securities, including UoP
—
—
—
—
—
—
—
—
—
—
—
—
—
Equity instruments
—
—
—
—
—
—
—
—
—
—
of which  management companies
—
—
—
—
—
—
—
—
64
12
—
1
8
Loans and advances
—
—
—
—
—
—
—
—
64
12
—
1
8
Debt securities, including UoP
—
—
—
—
—
—
—
—
—
—
—
—
—
Equity instruments
—
—
—
—
—
—
—
—
—
—
of which insurance undertakings
—
—
—
—
—
—
—
—
—
—
—
—
—
Loans and advances
—
—
—
—
—
—
—
—
—
—
—
—
—
Debt securities, including UoP
—
—
—
—
—
—
—
—
—
—
—
—
—
Equity instruments
—
—
—
—
—
—
—
—
—
—
Non-financial corporations
120
—
—
—
309
—
—
—
11,807
1,500
10
316
819
Loans and advances
93
—
—
—
309
—
—
—
10,735
1,310
—
300
673
Debt securities, including UoP
10
—
—
—
—
—
—
—
492
182
10
16
143
Equity instruments
17
—
—
—
—
—
580
8
—
3
Households
111,127
1,106
1,106
—
—
of which loans collateralized by 
residential immovable property
97,034
1,088
1,088
—
—
of which building renovation loans
4,418
—
—
—
—
of which motor vehicle loans
9,675
18
18
—
—
ASSETS FOR THE CALCULATION OF GAR - TURNOVER
Million EUR
2024
Pollution (PPC)
Biodiversity and Ecosystems (BIO)
TOTAL (CCM + CCA + WTR + CE + PPC + BIO)
Of which towards taxonomy relevant sectors 
(Taxonomy-eligible)
Of which towards taxonomy relevant sectors 
(Taxonomy-eligible)
Of which towards taxonomy relevant sectors (Taxonomy-eligible)
Of which environmentally sustainable 
(Taxonomy-aligned)
Of which environmentally sustainable 
(Taxonomy-aligned)
Of which environmentally sustainable (Taxonomy-
aligned)
Of which 
Use of 
Proceeds
Of which 
enabling
Of which 
Use of 
Proceeds
Of which 
enabling
Of which 
Use of 
Proceeds
Of which 
transitiona
l
Of which 
enabling
Consolidated Management Report Consolidated Non-financial Information Statement
231
This English version is a translation of the original in Spanish for information purposes only. In case of a discrepancy, the Spanish original will prevail.

Local governments financing
 
—  
—  
—  
—  
—  
—  
—  
—  
—  
—  
—  
—  
— 
Housing financing
 
—  
—  
—  
—  
—  
—  
—  
—  
—  
—  
—  
—  
— 
Other local government financing
 
—  
—  
—  
—  
—  
—  
—  
—  
—  
—  
—  
—  
— 
Collateral obtained by taking possession: 
residential and commercial immovable 
properties
 
—  
—  
—  
—  
—  
—  
—  
—  
683.78  
5.355  
5.355  
—  
— 
Other assets excluded from the numerator for 
GAR calculation (covered in the denominator)
—
—
—
—
—
—
—
—
—
—
—
—
—
Non-financial corporations
SMEs and NFCs (other than SMEs) not 
subject to NFRD disclosure obligations
Loans and advances
of which loans collateralized by 
commercial immovable property
of which building renovation loans
Debt securities
Equity instruments
Non-EU country counterparties not subject 
to NFRD disclosure obligations
Loans and advances
Debt securities
Equity instruments
Derivatives
On demand interbank loans
Cash and cash-related assets
Other assets (e.g. Goodwill, commodities 
etc.)
Total GAR assets
125
—
—
—
309
—
—
—
126,617
2,775
1,121
326
858
Other assets not covered for GAR calculation
Sovereigns
Central banks exposure
Trading book
Total assets
—
—
—
—
—
—
—
—
—
—
—
—
—
ASSETS FOR THE CALCULATION OF GAR - TURNOVER
Million EUR
2024
Pollution (PPC)
Biodiversity and Ecosystems (BIO)
TOTAL (CCM + CCA + WTR + CE + PPC + BIO)
Of which towards taxonomy relevant sectors 
(Taxonomy-eligible)
Of which towards taxonomy relevant sectors 
(Taxonomy-eligible)
Of which towards taxonomy relevant sectors (Taxonomy-eligible)
Of which environmentally sustainable 
(Taxonomy-aligned)
Of which environmentally sustainable 
(Taxonomy-aligned)
Of which environmentally sustainable (Taxonomy-
aligned)
Of which 
Use of 
Proceeds
Of which 
enabling
Of which 
Use of 
Proceeds
Of which 
enabling
Of which 
Use of 
Proceeds
Of which 
transitiona
l
Of which 
enabling
Consolidated Management Report Consolidated Non-financial Information Statement
232
This English version is a translation of the original in Spanish for information purposes only. In case of a discrepancy, the Spanish original will prevail.

Off-balance sheet exposures - Corporates 
subject to NFRD disclosure obligations
Financial guarantees
6
—
—
—
—
—
—
—
1,236
395
—
13
268
Assets under management
228
—
—
—
—
—
—
—
2,523
619
90
35
310
Of which debt securities
68
—
—
—
—
—
—
—
1,543
427
90
20
198
Of which equity instruments
160
—
—
—
—
—
—
—
979
192
—
16
112
1. The present information has been prepared in accordance with Commission Delegated Regulation (EU) 2021/2178, of July 6, 2021, which supplements Regulation (EU) 2020/852 of the European Parliament and of the Council by 
specifying the content and the presentation of information on environmentally sustainable economic activities
2. Customers' economic activities are classified as eligible or aligned in accordance with the Delegated Acts supplementing Regulation (EU) 2020/852 of the European Parliament and of the Council. Specifically, the economic activities 
covered by Delegated Regulations (EU) 2021/2139 on mitigation and adaptation to climate change have been taken into consideration.
3. Customers'  economic activities are classified as eligible or aligned taking into account the modifications implemented by Commission Delegated Regulation (EU) 2022/1214 of March 9, 2022, which includes economic activities in certain 
energy sectors, and Commission Delegated Regulation (EU) 2023/2485 of 27 June 2023 establishing additional technical criteria.
4. The information includes the BBVA Group total prudential balance. In terms of breakdown of environmental objectives, the most significant entities are included and correspond to 96% of the total assets  . The financial assets analyzed 
correspond to the categories of financial instruments valued “At amortized cost”, “Fair Value with Changes in Other Comprehensive Income (FVOCI)”, “Fair Value with Changes in P&L” and “Non-negotiable at Fair Value with changes in 
result.
5. NFRD counterparties are those subject to Directive 2014/95/EU (the Non-Financial Reporting Directive or NFRD), such as large listed companies, banks and insurance companies, with more than 500 employees. BBVA identifies NFRD 
counterparties mainly in two ways: i) review of the registered office in a country of the European Union and ii) more than 500 employees. In the event that the previous criterion is not met and if the client belongs to a business group, the 
same review is carried out at the parent company level.
6. Eligibility information for NFRD counterparties is obtained through an external reference provider in the sector, which obtains EU taxonomy KPI information directly from their corporate reports, EINF or equivalent. In the case of NFRD 
clients for whom the information has not been provided through the previous means, the information from their corporate reports is captured by BBVA or the client's main activity is analyzed to establish their eligibility.
7. Exposure to individuals includes self-employed workers, in which case the activity code (NACE) is reviewed to determine eligibility. The rest of the exposure corresponding to the individual segment is reviewed for the use of funds to be 
considered eligible, for example, in the case of housing loans. EU Taxonomy activity 7.7 Acquisition and ownership of buildings, EU Taxonomy activity 7.2 Renovation of independently existing buildings, or Cars: EUT 6.5 Transport by 
motorcycles, passenger cars and light commercial vehicles)
8. While exposures to governments and central banks are excluded from the GAR calculation symmetrically, from the numerator and denominator, financing to small and medium-sized enterprises that do not fall within the scope of the 
NFRD or financing outside EU (even if they meet the taxonomy criteria requirements) cannot qualify as aligned with the taxonomy. Furthermore, activities not covered by the EU taxonomy will be excluded from the numerator, but not from 
the denominator of GAR.
ASSETS FOR THE CALCULATION OF GAR - TURNOVER
Million EUR
2024
Pollution (PPC)
Biodiversity and Ecosystems (BIO)
TOTAL (CCM + CCA + WTR + CE + PPC + BIO)
Of which towards taxonomy relevant sectors 
(Taxonomy-eligible)
Of which towards taxonomy relevant sectors 
(Taxonomy-eligible)
Of which towards taxonomy relevant sectors (Taxonomy-eligible)
Of which environmentally sustainable 
(Taxonomy-aligned)
Of which environmentally sustainable 
(Taxonomy-aligned)
Of which environmentally sustainable (Taxonomy-
aligned)
Of which 
Use of 
Proceeds
Of which 
enabling
Of which 
Use of 
Proceeds
Of which 
enabling
Of which 
Use of 
Proceeds
Of which 
transitiona
l
Of which 
enabling
Consolidated Management Report Consolidated Non-financial Information Statement
233
This English version is a translation of the original in Spanish for information purposes only. In case of a discrepancy, the Spanish original will prevail.

GAR - Covered assets in both numerator and 
denominator
Loans and advances, debt securities and equity 
instruments not HfT eligible for GAR calculation
222,236
121,262
4,079
1,115
353
1,111
1,148
4
—
—
4
—
—
—
4,183
—
—
—
Financial corporations
9,299
2,262
273
—
13
84
798
1
—
—
—
—
—
—
59
—
—
—
Credit institutions
7,565
1,708
142
—
12
27
798
1
—
—
—
—
—
—
—
—
—
—
Loans and advances
5,552
1,127
99
—
6
21
635
—
—
—
—
—
—
—
—
—
—
—
Debt securities, including UoP
1,968
571
42
—
6
6
163
—
—
—
—
—
—
—
—
—
—
—
Equity instruments
45
10
1
—
—
—
—
—
—
—
—
—
—
—
Other financial corporations
1,734
553
131
—
1
57
—
—
—
—
—
—
—
—
59
—
—
—
of which investment firms
8
2
—
—
—
—
—
—
—
—
—
—
—
—
2
—
—
—
Loans and advances
8
2
—
—
—
—
—
—
—
—
—
—
—
—
2
—
—
—
Debt securities, including UoP
—
—
—
—
—
—
—
—
—
—
—
—
—
—
—
—
—
—
Equity instruments
—
—
—
—
—
—
—
—
—
—
—
—
—
—
of which  management companies
96
32
10
—
—
9
—
—
—
—
—
—
—
—
—
—
—
—
Loans and advances
95
32
10
—
—
9
—
—
—
—
—
—
—
—
—
—
—
—
Debt securities, including UoP
—
—
—
—
—
—
—
—
—
—
—
—
—
—
—
—
—
—
Equity instruments
—
—
—
—
—
—
—
—
—
—
—
—
—
—
of which insurance undertakings
24
—
—
—
—
—
—
—
—
—
—
—
—
—
—
—
—
—
Loans and advances
5
—
—
—
—
—
—
—
—
—
—
—
—
—
—
—
—
—
Debt securities, including UoP
2
—
—
—
—
—
—
—
—
—
—
—
—
—
—
—
—
—
Equity instruments
17
—
—
—
—
—
—
—
—
—
—
—
—
—
Non-financial corporations
22,015
7,874
2,701
10
340
1,027
350
3
—
1
4
—
—
—
4,123
—
—
—
Loans and advances
20,219
7,330
2,348
—
325
815
347
3
—
1
3
—
—
—
3,536
—
—
—
Debt securities, including UoP
1,216
458
316
10
15
203
2
—
—
—
1
—
—
—
111
—
—
—
Equity instruments
580
86
37
—
9
1
—
—
—
—
—
477
—
—
Households
187,141
111,127
1,106
1,106
—
—
—
—
—
—
—
—
—
—
of which loans collateralized by 
residential immovable property
97,034
97,034
1,088
1,088
—
—
—
—
—
—
—
—
—
—
of which building renovation loans
4,418
4,418
—
—
—
—
—
—
—
—
—
—
—
—
of which motor vehicle loans
9,675
9,675
18
18
—
—
Local governments financing
3,781
—
—
—
—
—
—
—
—
—
—
—
—
—
—
—
—
—
Housing financing
 
—  
—  
—  
—  
—  
—  
—  
—  
—  
—  
—  
—  
—  
—  
—  
—  
—  
— 
ASSETS FOR THE CALCULATION OF GAR - CAPEX
Million EUR
2024
Total 
[gross] 
carrying 
amount
Climate Change Mitigation (CCM)
Climate Change Adaptation (CCA)
Water and marine resources (WTR)
Circular economy (CE)
Of which towards taxonomy relevant sectors (Taxonomy-
eligible)
Of which towards taxonomy relevant sectors 
(Taxonomy-eligible)
Of which towards taxonomy relevant sectors 
(Taxonomy-eligible)
Of which towards taxonomy relevant sectors 
(Taxonomy-eligible)
Of which environmentally sustainable (Taxonomy-
aligned)
Of which environmentally 
sustainable (Taxonomy-aligned)
Of which environmentally 
sustainable (Taxonomy-aligned)
Of which environmentally 
sustainable (Taxonomy-aligned)
Of which 
Use of 
Proceeds
Of which 
transitiona
l
Of which 
enabling
Of which 
Use of 
Proceeds
Of which 
enabling
Of which 
Use of 
Proceeds
Of which 
enabling
Of which 
Use of 
Proceeds
Of which 
enabling
Consolidated Management Report Consolidated Non-financial Information Statement
234
This English version is a translation of the original in Spanish for information purposes only. In case of a discrepancy, the Spanish original will prevail.

Other local government financing
3,781
—
—
—
—
—
—
—
—
—
—
—
—
—
—
—
—
—
Collateral obtained by taking possession: 
residential and commercial immovable 
properties
820
820
5
5
—
—
—
—
—
—
—
—
—
—
—
—
—
—
Other assets excluded from the numerator for 
GAR calculation (covered in the denominator)
263,322
—
—
—
—
—
—
—
—
—
—
—
—
—
—
—
—
—
Non-financial corporations
223,547
SMEs and NFCs (other than SMEs) not 
subject to NFRD disclosure obligations
82,250
Loans and advances
76,370
of which loans collateralized by 
commercial immovable property
9,322
of which building renovation loans
434
Debt securities
2,562
Equity instruments
3,318
Non-EU country counterparties not 
subject to NFRD disclosure obligations
141,297
Loans and advances
134,201
Debt securities
4,654
Equity instruments
2,443
Derivatives
1,088
On demand interbank loans
7,269
Cash and cash-related assets
8,667
Other assets (e.g. Goodwill, commodities 
etc.)
22,752
Total GAR assets
486,378
121,946
4,084
1,121
353
1,111
1,148
4
—
—
4
—
—
—
4,183
—
—
—
Other assets not covered for GAR calculation
257,721
Sovereigns
103,431
Central banks exposure
44,252
Trading book
110,037
Total assets
744,098
—
—
—
—
—
—
—
—
—
—
—
—
—
—
—
—
—
Off-balance sheet exposures - Corporates 
subject to NFRD disclosure obligations
Financial guarantees
22,446
1,508
848
—
12
409
13
6
—
—
86
—
—
—
73
—
—
—
ASSETS FOR THE CALCULATION OF GAR - CAPEX
Million EUR
2024
Total 
[gross] 
carrying 
amount
Climate Change Mitigation (CCM)
Climate Change Adaptation (CCA)
Water and marine resources (WTR)
Circular economy (CE)
Of which towards taxonomy relevant sectors (Taxonomy-
eligible)
Of which towards taxonomy relevant sectors 
(Taxonomy-eligible)
Of which towards taxonomy relevant sectors 
(Taxonomy-eligible)
Of which towards taxonomy relevant sectors 
(Taxonomy-eligible)
Of which environmentally sustainable (Taxonomy-
aligned)
Of which environmentally 
sustainable (Taxonomy-aligned)
Of which environmentally 
sustainable (Taxonomy-aligned)
Of which environmentally 
sustainable (Taxonomy-aligned)
Of which 
Use of 
Proceeds
Of which 
transitiona
l
Of which 
enabling
Of which 
Use of 
Proceeds
Of which 
enabling
Of which 
Use of 
Proceeds
Of which 
enabling
Of which 
Use of 
Proceeds
Of which 
enabling
Consolidated Management Report Consolidated Non-financial Information Statement
235
This English version is a translation of the original in Spanish for information purposes only. In case of a discrepancy, the Spanish original will prevail.

Assets under management
179,437
2,554
1,135
90
48
578
46
2
—
—
1
—
—
—
209
—
—
—
Of which debt securities
20,232
1,544
626
90
19
271
39
1
—
—
—
—
—
—
63
—
—
—
Of which equity instruments
13,650
1,010
509
—
29
307
7
2
—
—
—
—
—
—
146
—
—
—
1. The present information has been prepared in accordance with Commission Delegated Regulation (EU) 2021/2178, of July 6, 2021, which supplements Regulation (EU) 2020/852 of the European Parliament and of the Council by specifying the content and the presentation of information on 
environmentally sustainable economic activities
2. Customers' economic activities are classified as eligible or aligned in accordance with the Delegated Acts supplementing Regulation (EU) 2020/852 of the European Parliament and of the Council. Specifically, the economic activities covered by Delegated Regulations (EU) 2021/2139 on 
mitigation and adaptation to climate change have been taken into consideration.
3. Customers' economic activities are classified as eligible or aligned taking into account the modifications implemented by Commission Delegated Regulation (EU) 2022/1214 of March 9, 2022, which includes economic activities in certain energy sectors, and Commission Delegated Regulation 
(EU) 2023/2485 of 27 June 2023 establishing additional technical criteria.
4. The information includes the BBVA Group total prudential balance. In terms of breakdown of environmental objectives, the most significant entities are included and correspond to 96% of the total assets. The financial assets analyzed correspond to the categories of financial instruments 
valued “At amortized cost”, “Fair Value with Changes in Other Comprehensive Income (FVOCI)”, “Fair Value with Changes in P&L” and “Non-negotiable at Fair Value with changes in result.
5. NFRD counterparties are those subject to Directive 2014/95/EU (the Non-Financial Reporting Directive or NFRD), such as large listed companies, banks and insurance companies, with more than 500 employees. BBVA identifies NFRD counterparties mainly in two ways: i) review of the 
registered office in a country of the European Union and ii) more than 500 employees. In the event that the previous criterion is not met and if the client belongs to a business group, the same review is carried out at the parent company level.
6. Eligibility information for NFRD counterparties is obtained through an external reference provider in the sector, which obtains EU taxonomy KPI information directly from their corporate reports, EINF or equivalent. In the case of NFRD clients for whom the information has not been provided 
through the previous means, the information from their corporate reports is captured by BBVA or the client's main activity is analyzed to establish their eligibility.
7. Exposure to individuals includes self-employed workers, in which case the activity code (NACE) is reviewed to determine eligibility. The rest of the exposure corresponding to the individual segment is reviewed for the use of funds to be considered eligible, for example, in the case of housing 
loans. EU Taxonomy activity 7.7 Acquisition and ownership of buildings, EU Taxonomy activity 7.2 Renovation of independently existing buildings, or Cars: EUT 6.5 Transport by motorcycles, passenger cars and light commercial vehicles)
8. While exposures to governments and central banks are excluded from the GAR calculation symmetrically, from the numerator and denominator, financing to small and medium-sized enterprises that do not fall within the scope of the NFRD or financing outside EU (even if they meet the 
taxonomy criteria requirements) cannot qualify as aligned with the taxonomy. Furthermore, activities not covered by the EU taxonomy will be excluded from the numerator, but not from the denominator of GAR.
ASSETS FOR THE CALCULATION OF GAR - CAPEX
Million EUR
2024
Total 
[gross] 
carrying 
amount
Climate Change Mitigation (CCM)
Climate Change Adaptation (CCA)
Water and marine resources (WTR)
Circular economy (CE)
Of which towards taxonomy relevant sectors (Taxonomy-
eligible)
Of which towards taxonomy relevant sectors 
(Taxonomy-eligible)
Of which towards taxonomy relevant sectors 
(Taxonomy-eligible)
Of which towards taxonomy relevant sectors 
(Taxonomy-eligible)
Of which environmentally sustainable (Taxonomy-
aligned)
Of which environmentally 
sustainable (Taxonomy-aligned)
Of which environmentally 
sustainable (Taxonomy-aligned)
Of which environmentally 
sustainable (Taxonomy-aligned)
Of which 
Use of 
Proceeds
Of which 
transitiona
l
Of which 
enabling
Of which 
Use of 
Proceeds
Of which 
enabling
Of which 
Use of 
Proceeds
Of which 
enabling
Of which 
Use of 
Proceeds
Of which 
enabling
Consolidated Management Report Consolidated Non-financial Information Statement
236
This English version is a translation of the original in Spanish for information purposes only. In case of a discrepancy, the Spanish original will prevail.

GAR - Covered assets in both numerator and 
denominator
Loans and advances, debt securities and equity 
instruments not HfT eligible for GAR calculation
75
—
—
—
309
—
—
—
126,982
4,083
1,115
353
1,112
Financial corporations
2
—
—
—
—
—
—
—
3,121
273
—
13
84
Credit institutions
—
—
—
—
—
—
—
—
2,506
143
—
12
27
Loans and advances
—
—
—
—
—
—
—
—
1,762
99
—
6
21
Debt securities, including UoP
—
—
—
—
—
—
—
—
735
43
—
6
6
Equity instruments
—
—
—
—
—
—
10
1
—
—
Other financial corporations
2
—
—
—
—
—
—
—
615
131
—
1
57
of which investment firms
—
—
—
—
—
—
—
—
4
—
—
—
—
Loans and advances
—
—
—
—
—
—
—
—
4
—
—
—
—
Debt securities, including UoP
—
—
—
—
—
—
—
—
—
—
—
—
—
Equity instruments
—
—
—
—
—
—
—
—
—
—
of which  management companies
—
—
—
—
—
—
—
—
32
10
—
—
9
Loans and advances
—
—
—
—
—
—
—
—
32
10
—
—
9
Debt securities, including UoP
—
—
—
—
—
—
—
—
—
—
—
—
—
Equity instruments
—
—
—
—
—
—
—
—
—
—
of which insurance undertakings
—
—
—
—
—
—
—
—
—
—
—
—
—
Loans and advances
—
—
—
—
—
—
—
—
—
—
—
—
—
Debt securities, including UoP
—
—
—
—
—
—
—
—
—
—
—
—
—
Equity instruments
—
—
—
—
—
—
—
—
—
—
Non-financial corporations
73
—
—
—
309
—
—
—
12,733
2,704
10
340
1,028
Loans and advances
53
—
—
—
309
—
—
—
11,578
2,351
—
325
816
Debt securities, including UoP
4
—
—
—
—
—
—
—
575
316
10
15
203
Equity instruments
17
—
—
—
—
—
580
37
—
9
Households
111,127
1,106
1,106
—
—
of which loans collateralized by 
residential immovable property
97,034
1,088
1,088
—
—
of which building renovation loans
4,418
—
—
—
—
of which motor vehicle loans
9,675
18
18
—
—
Local governments financing
—
—
—
—
—
—
—
—
—
—
—
—
—
Housing financing
 
—  
—  
—  
—  
—  
—  
—  
—  
—  
—  
—  
—  
— 
Other local government financing
—
—
—
—
—
—
—
—
—
—
—
—
—
ASSETS FOR THE CALCULATION OF GAR - CAPEX
Million EUR
2024
Pollution (PPC)
Biodiversity and Ecosystems (BIO)
TOTAL (CCM + CCA + WTR + CE + PPC + BIO)
Of which towards taxonomy relevant sectors 
(Taxonomy-eligible)
Of which towards taxonomy relevant sectors 
(Taxonomy-eligible)
Of which towards taxonomy relevant sectors (Taxonomy-eligible)
Of which environmentally sustainable 
(Taxonomy-aligned)
Of which environmentally sustainable 
(Taxonomy-aligned)
Of which environmentally sustainable (Taxonomy-
aligned)
Of which 
Use of 
Proceeds
Of which 
enabling
Of which 
Use of 
Proceeds
Of which 
enabling
Of which 
Use of 
Proceeds
Of which 
transitiona
l
Of which 
enabling
Consolidated Management Report Consolidated Non-financial Information Statement
237
This English version is a translation of the original in Spanish for information purposes only. In case of a discrepancy, the Spanish original will prevail.

Collateral obtained by taking possession: 
residential and commercial immovable 
properties
—
—
—
—
—
—
—
—
684
5
5
—
—
Non-financial corporations
SMEs and NFCs (other than SMEs) not 
subject to NFRD disclosure obligations
Loans and advances
of which loans collateralized by 
commercial immovable property
of which building renovation loans
Debt securities
Equity instruments
Non-EU country counterparties not subject 
to NFRD disclosure obligations
Loans and advances
Debt securities
Equity instruments
Derivatives
On demand interbank loans
Cash and cash-related assets
Other assets (e.g. Goodwill, commodities 
etc.)
Total GAR assets
75
—
—
—
309
—
—
—
127,666
4,088
1,121
353
1,112
Other assets not covered for GAR calculation
Sovereigns
Central banks exposure
Trading book
Total assets
—
—
—
—
—
—
—
—
—
—
—
—
—
Off-balance sheet exposures - Corporates 
subject to NFRD disclosure obligations
Financial guarantees
8
—
—
—
—
—
—
—
1,688
855
—
12
410
Assets under management
209
—
—
—
—
—
—
—
3,020
1,138
90
48
579
Of which debt securities
50
—
—
—
—
—
—
—
1,697
627
90
19
271
Of which equity instruments
159
—
—
—
—
—
—
—
1,323
511
—
29
308
ASSETS FOR THE CALCULATION OF GAR - CAPEX
Million EUR
2024
Pollution (PPC)
Biodiversity and Ecosystems (BIO)
TOTAL (CCM + CCA + WTR + CE + PPC + BIO)
Of which towards taxonomy relevant sectors 
(Taxonomy-eligible)
Of which towards taxonomy relevant sectors 
(Taxonomy-eligible)
Of which towards taxonomy relevant sectors (Taxonomy-eligible)
Of which environmentally sustainable 
(Taxonomy-aligned)
Of which environmentally sustainable 
(Taxonomy-aligned)
Of which environmentally sustainable (Taxonomy-
aligned)
Of which 
Use of 
Proceeds
Of which 
enabling
Of which 
Use of 
Proceeds
Of which 
enabling
Of which 
Use of 
Proceeds
Of which 
transitiona
l
Of which 
enabling
Consolidated Management Report Consolidated Non-financial Information Statement
238
This English version is a translation of the original in Spanish for information purposes only. In case of a discrepancy, the Spanish original will prevail.

1. The present information has been prepared in accordance with Commission Delegated Regulation (EU) 2021/2178, of July 6, 2021, which supplements Regulation (EU) 2020/852 of the European Parliament and of the Council by 
specifying the content and the presentation of information on environmentally sustainable economic activities
2. Customers' economic activities are classified as eligible or aligned in accordance with the Delegated Acts supplementing Regulation (EU) 2020/852 of the European Parliament and of the Council. Specifically, the economic activities 
covered by Delegated Regulations (EU) 2021/2139 on mitigation and adaptation to climate change have been taken into consideration.
3. Customers' economic activities are classified as eligible or aligned taking into account the modifications implemented by Commission Delegated Regulation (EU) 2022/1214 of March 9, 2022, which includes economic activities in certain 
energy sectors, and Commission Delegated Regulation (EU) 2023/2485 of 27 June 2023 establishing additional technical criteria.
4. The information includes the BBVA Group total prudential balance. In terms of breakdown of environmental objectives, the most significant entities are included and correspond to 96% of the total assets. The financial assets analyzed 
correspond to the categories of financial instruments valued “At amortized cost”, “Fair Value with Changes in Other Comprehensive Income (FVOCI)”, “Fair Value with Changes in P&L” and “Non-negotiable at Fair Value with changes in 
result.
5. NFRD counterparties are those subject to Directive 2014/95/EU (the Non-Financial Reporting Directive or NFRD), such as large listed companies, banks and insurance companies, with more than 500 employees. BBVA identifies NFRD 
counterparties mainly in two ways: i) review of the registered office in a country of the European Union and ii) more than 500 employees. In the event that the previous criterion is not met and if the client belongs to a business group, the 
same review is carried out at the parent company level.
6. Eligibility information for NFRD counterparties is obtained through an external reference provider in the sector, which obtains EU taxonomy KPI information directly from their corporate reports, EINF or equivalent. In the case of NFRD 
clients for whom the information has not been provided through the previous means, the information from their corporate reports is captured by BBVA or the client's main activity is analyzed to establish their eligibility.
7. Exposure to individuals includes self-employed workers, in which case the activity code (NACE) is reviewed to determine eligibility. The rest of the exposure corresponding to the individual segment is reviewed for the use of funds to be 
considered eligible, for example, in the case of housing loans. EU Taxonomy activity 7.7 Acquisition and ownership of buildings, EU Taxonomy activity 7.2 Renovation of independently existing buildings, or Cars: EUT 6.5 Transport by 
motorcycles, passenger cars and light commercial vehicles)
8. While exposures to governments and central banks are excluded from the GAR calculation symmetrically, from the numerator and denominator, financing to small and medium-sized enterprises that do not fall within the scope of the 
NFRD or financing outside EU (even if they meet the taxonomy criteria requirements) cannot qualify as aligned with the taxonomy. Furthermore, activities not covered by the EU taxonomy will be excluded from the numerator, but not from 
the denominator of GAR.
ASSETS FOR THE CALCULATION OF GAR - CAPEX
Million EUR
2024
Pollution (PPC)
Biodiversity and Ecosystems (BIO)
TOTAL (CCM + CCA + WTR + CE + PPC + BIO)
Of which towards taxonomy relevant sectors 
(Taxonomy-eligible)
Of which towards taxonomy relevant sectors 
(Taxonomy-eligible)
Of which towards taxonomy relevant sectors (Taxonomy-eligible)
Of which environmentally sustainable 
(Taxonomy-aligned)
Of which environmentally sustainable 
(Taxonomy-aligned)
Of which environmentally sustainable (Taxonomy-
aligned)
Of which 
Use of 
Proceeds
Of which 
enabling
Of which 
Use of 
Proceeds
Of which 
enabling
Of which 
Use of 
Proceeds
Of which 
transitiona
l
Of which 
enabling
Consolidated Management Report Consolidated Non-financial Information Statement
239
This English version is a translation of the original in Spanish for information purposes only. In case of a discrepancy, the Spanish original will prevail.

GAR - Covered assets in both numerator and 
denominator
Loans and advances, debt securities and equity 
instruments not HfT eligible for GAR calculation
245,270
121,137
2,180
—
120
789
1,062
122
—
9
—
—
—
—
—
—
—
—
Financial corporations
40,449
4,153
—
—
—
—
562
—
—
—
—
—
—
—
—
—
—
—
Credit institutions
20,040
2,255
—
—
—
—
369
—
—
—
—
—
—
—
—
—
—
—
Loans and advances
16,634
1,629
—
—
—
—
155
—
—
—
—
—
—
—
—
—
—
—
Debt securities, including UoP
3,397
627
—
—
—
—
214
—
—
—
—
—
—
—
—
—
—
—
Equity instruments
9
—
—
—
—
—
—
—
—
—
—
—
—
—
Other financial corporations
20,409
1,898
—
—
—
—
193
—
—
—
—
—
—
—
—
—
—
—
of which investment firms
1,065
302
—
—
—
—
2
—
—
—
—
—
—
—
—
—
—
—
Loans and advances
998
302
—
—
—
—
2
—
—
—
—
—
—
—
—
—
—
—
Debt securities, including UoP
66
—
—
—
—
—
—
—
—
—
—
—
—
—
—
—
—
—
Equity instruments
1
—
—
—
—
—
—
—
—
—
—
—
—
—
of which  management companies
448
18
—
—
—
—
—
—
—
—
—
—
—
—
—
—
—
—
Loans and advances
344
18
—
—
—
—
—
—
—
—
—
—
—
—
—
—
—
—
Debt securities, including UoP
19
—
—
—
—
—
—
—
—
—
—
—
—
—
—
—
—
—
Equity instruments
85
—
—
—
—
—
—
—
—
—
—
—
—
—
of which insurance undertakings
2,024
21
—
—
—
—
35
—
—
—
—
—
—
—
—
—
—
—
Loans and advances
738
21
—
—
—
—
—
—
—
—
—
—
—
—
—
—
—
—
Debt securities, including UoP
5
—
—
—
—
—
5
—
—
—
—
—
—
—
—
—
—
—
Equity instruments
1,281
—
—
—
—
30
—
—
—
—
—
—
—
—
Non-financial corporations
22,389
6,321
1,490
—
120
789
500
122
—
9
—
—
—
—
—
—
—
—
Loans and advances
19,775
6,116
1,408
—
115
736
474
119
—
8
—
—
—
—
—
—
—
—
Debt securities, including UoP
1,266
131
67
—
6
38
3
3
—
2
—
—
—
—
—
—
—
—
Equity instruments
1,348
74
15
—
14
23
—
—
—
—
—
—
—
—
Households
177,287
109,728
690
—
—
—
—
—
—
—
—
—
—
—
of which loans collateralized by 
residential immovable property
96,226
96,226
690
—
—
—
—
—
—
—
—
—
—
—
of which building renovation loans
4,478
4,478
—
—
—
—
—
—
—
—
—
—
—
—
of which motor vehicle loans
9,024
9,024
—
—
—
—
Local governments financing
4,210
—
—
—
—
—
—
—
—
—
—
—
—
—
—
—
—
—
Housing financing
 
—  
—  
—  
—  
—  
—  
—  
—  
—  
—  
—  
—  
—  
—  
—  
—  
—  
— 
ASSETS FOR THE CALCULATION OF GAR - TURNOVER
Million EUR
2023
Total 
[gross] 
carrying 
amount
Climate Change Mitigation (CCM)
Climate Change Adaptation (CCA)
Water and marine resources (WTR)
Circular economy (CE)
Of which towards taxonomy relevant sectors (Taxonomy-
eligible)
Of which towards taxonomy relevant sectors 
(Taxonomy-eligible)
Of which towards taxonomy relevant sectors 
(Taxonomy-eligible)
Of which towards taxonomy relevant sectors 
(Taxonomy-eligible)
Of which environmentally sustainable (Taxonomy-
aligned)
Of which environmentally 
sustainable (Taxonomy-aligned)
Of which environmentally 
sustainable (Taxonomy-aligned)
Of which environmentally 
sustainable (Taxonomy-aligned)
Of which 
Use of 
Proceeds
Of which 
transitiona
l
Of which 
enabling
Of which 
Use of 
Proceeds
Of which 
enabling
Of which 
Use of 
Proceeds
Of which 
enabling
Of which 
Use of 
Proceeds
Of which 
enabling
Consolidated Management Report Consolidated Non-financial Information Statement
240
This English version is a translation of the original in Spanish for information purposes only. In case of a discrepancy, the Spanish original will prevail.

Other local government financing
4,210
—
—
—
—
—
—
—
—
—
—
—
—
—
—
—
—
—
Collateral obtained by taking 
possession: residential and commercial 
immovable properties
934
934
1
—
—
—
—
—
—
—
—
—
—
—
—
—
—
—
Other assets excluded from the numerator for 
GAR calculation (covered in the denominator)
196,518
—
—
—
—
—
—
—
—
—
—
—
—
—
—
—
—
—
Non-financial corporations
160,448
SMEs and NFCs (other than SMEs) not 
subject to NFRD disclosure obligations
57,850
Loans and advances
56,917
of which loans collateralized by 
commercial immovable property
8,875
of which building renovation loans
367
Debt securities
516
Equity instruments
417
Non-EU country counterparties not 
subject to NFRD disclosure obligations
102,598
Loans and advances
98,990
Debt securities
3,112
Equity instruments
497
Derivatives
1,420
On demand interbank loans
7,085
Cash and cash-related assets
7,782
Other assets (e.g. Goodwill, 
commodities etc.)
19,783
Total GAR assets
441,787
121,137
2,180
—
120
789
1,062
122
—
9
—
—
—
—
—
—
—
—
Other assets not covered for GAR calculation
306,457
Sovereigns
96,465
Central banks exposure
68,488
Trading book
141,505
Total assets
748,244
—
—
—
—
—
—
—
—
—
—
—
—
—
—
—
—
—
Off-balance sheet exposures - Corporates 
subject to NFRD disclosure obligations
Financial guarantees
18,782
973
378
—
17
189
110
2
—
—
—
—
—
—
—
—
—
—
ASSETS FOR THE CALCULATION OF GAR - TURNOVER
Million EUR
2023
Total 
[gross] 
carrying 
amount
Climate Change Mitigation (CCM)
Climate Change Adaptation (CCA)
Water and marine resources (WTR)
Circular economy (CE)
Of which towards taxonomy relevant sectors (Taxonomy-
eligible)
Of which towards taxonomy relevant sectors 
(Taxonomy-eligible)
Of which towards taxonomy relevant sectors 
(Taxonomy-eligible)
Of which towards taxonomy relevant sectors 
(Taxonomy-eligible)
Of which environmentally sustainable (Taxonomy-
aligned)
Of which environmentally 
sustainable (Taxonomy-aligned)
Of which environmentally 
sustainable (Taxonomy-aligned)
Of which environmentally 
sustainable (Taxonomy-aligned)
Of which 
Use of 
Proceeds
Of which 
transitiona
l
Of which 
enabling
Of which 
Use of 
Proceeds
Of which 
enabling
Of which 
Use of 
Proceeds
Of which 
enabling
Of which 
Use of 
Proceeds
Of which 
enabling
Consolidated Management Report Consolidated Non-financial Information Statement
241
This English version is a translation of the original in Spanish for information purposes only. In case of a discrepancy, the Spanish original will prevail.

Assets under management
179,338
982
273
—
16
155
42
11
—
7
—
—
—
—
—
—
—
—
Of which debt securities
53,240
464
113
—
10
42
10
4
—
4
—
—
—
—
—
—
—
—
Of which equity instruments
9,648
518
161
—
6
112
31
7
—
3
—
—
—
—
—
—
—
—
1. The present information has been prepared in accordance with Commission Delegated Regulation (EU) 2021/2178, of July 6, 2021, which supplements Regulation (EU) 2020/852 of the European Parliament and of the Council by specifying the content and the presentation of information on 
environmentally sustainable economic activities
2. Customers' economic activities are classified as eligible or aligned in accordance with the Delegated Acts supplementing Regulation (EU) 2020/852 of the European Parliament and of the Council. Specifically, the economic activities covered by Delegated Regulations (EU) 2021/2139 on 
mitigation and adaptation to climate change have been taken into consideration.
3. Customers'  economic activities are classified as eligible or aligned taking into account the modifications implemented by Commission Delegated Regulation (EU) 2022/1214 of March 9, 2022, which includes economic activities in certain energy sectors, and Commission Delegated 
Regulation (EU) 2023/2485 of 27 June 2023 establishing additional technical criteria.
4. The information includes the BBVA Group total prudential balance. In terms of breakdown of environmental objectives, the most significant entities are included and correspond to 96% of the total assets. The financial assets analyzed correspond to the categories of financial instruments 
valued “At amortized cost”, “Fair Value with Changes in Other Comprehensive Income (FVOCI)”, “Fair Value with Changes in P&L” and “Non-negotiable at Fair Value with changes in result.
5. NFRD counterparties are those subject to Directive 2014/95/EU (the Non-Financial Reporting Directive or NFRD), such as large listed companies, banks and insurance companies, with more than 500 employees. BBVA identifies NFRD counterparties mainly in two ways: i) review of the 
registered office in a country of the European Union and ii) more than 500 employees. In the event that the previous criterion is not met and if the client belongs to a business group, the same review is carried out at the parent company level.
6. Eligibility information for NFRD counterparties is obtained through an external reference provider in the sector, which obtains EU taxonomy KPI information directly from their corporate reports, EINF or equivalent. In the case of NFRD clients for whom the information has not been provided 
through the previous means, the information from their corporate reports is captured by BBVA or the client's main activity is analyzed to establish their eligibility.
7. Exposure to individuals includes self-employed workers, in which case the activity code (NACE) is reviewed to determine eligibility. The rest of the exposure corresponding to the individual segment is reviewed for the use of funds to be considered eligible, for example, in the case of housing 
loans. EU Taxonomy activity 7.7 Acquisition and ownership of buildings, EU Taxonomy activity 7.2 Renovation of independently existing buildings, or Cars: EUT 6.5 Transport by motorcycles, passenger cars and light commercial vehicles)
8. While exposures to governments and central banks are excluded from the GAR calculation symmetrically, from the numerator and denominator, financing to small and medium-sized enterprises that do not fall within the scope of the NFRD or financing outside EU (even if they meet the 
taxonomy criteria requirements) cannot qualify as aligned with the taxonomy. Furthermore, activities not covered by the EU taxonomy will be excluded from the numerator, but not from the denominator of GAR.
ASSETS FOR THE CALCULATION OF GAR - TURNOVER
Million EUR
2023
Total 
[gross] 
carrying 
amount
Climate Change Mitigation (CCM)
Climate Change Adaptation (CCA)
Water and marine resources (WTR)
Circular economy (CE)
Of which towards taxonomy relevant sectors (Taxonomy-
eligible)
Of which towards taxonomy relevant sectors 
(Taxonomy-eligible)
Of which towards taxonomy relevant sectors 
(Taxonomy-eligible)
Of which towards taxonomy relevant sectors 
(Taxonomy-eligible)
Of which environmentally sustainable (Taxonomy-
aligned)
Of which environmentally 
sustainable (Taxonomy-aligned)
Of which environmentally 
sustainable (Taxonomy-aligned)
Of which environmentally 
sustainable (Taxonomy-aligned)
Of which 
Use of 
Proceeds
Of which 
transitiona
l
Of which 
enabling
Of which 
Use of 
Proceeds
Of which 
enabling
Of which 
Use of 
Proceeds
Of which 
enabling
Of which 
Use of 
Proceeds
Of which 
enabling
Consolidated Management Report Consolidated Non-financial Information Statement
242
This English version is a translation of the original in Spanish for information purposes only. In case of a discrepancy, the Spanish original will prevail.

GAR - Covered assets in both numerator and 
denominator
Loans and advances, debt securities and equity 
instruments not HfT eligible for GAR calculation
—
—
—
—
—
—
—
—
122,198
2,302
—
120
798
Financial corporations
—
—
—
—
—
—
—
—
4,715
—
—
—
—
Credit institutions
—
—
—
—
—
—
—
—
2,624
—
—
—
—
Loans and advances
—
—
—
—
—
—
—
—
1,783
—
—
—
—
Debt securities, including UoP
—
—
—
—
—
—
—
—
841
—
—
—
—
Equity instruments
—
—
—
—
—
—
—
—
—
—
Other financial corporations
—
—
—
—
—
—
—
—
2,091
—
—
—
—
of which investment firms
—
—
—
—
—
—
—
—
304
—
—
—
—
Loans and advances
—
—
—
—
—
—
—
—
304
—
—
—
—
Debt securities, including UoP
—
—
—
—
—
—
—
—
—
—
—
—
—
Equity instruments
—
—
—
—
—
—
—
—
—
—
of which  management companies
—
—
—
—
—
—
—
—
18
—
—
—
—
Loans and advances
—
—
—
—
—
—
—
—
18
—
—
—
—
Debt securities, including UoP
—
—
—
—
—
—
—
—
—
—
—
—
—
Equity instruments
—
—
—
—
—
—
—
—
—
—
of which insurance undertakings
—
—
—
—
—
—
—
—
56
—
—
—
—
Loans and advances
—
—
—
—
—
—
—
—
22
—
—
—
—
Debt securities, including UoP
—
—
—
—
—
—
—
—
5
—
—
—
—
Equity instruments
—
—
—
—
—
—
30
—
—
—
Non-financial corporations
—
—
—
—
—
—
—
—
6,821
1,612
—
120
798
Loans and advances
—
—
—
—
—
—
—
—
6,590
1,527
—
115
744
Debt securities, including UoP
—
—
—
—
—
—
—
—
134
69
—
6
40
Equity instruments
—
—
—
—
—
—
97
15
—
14
Households
109,728
690
—
—
—
of which loans collateralized by 
residential immovable property
96,226
690
—
—
—
of which building renovation loans
4,478
—
—
—
—
of which motor vehicle loans
9,024
—
—
—
—
Local governments financing
—
—
—
—
—
—
—
—
—
—
—
—
—
Housing financing
 
—  
—  
—  
—  
—  
—  
—  
—  
—  
—  
—  
—  
— 
Other local government financing
—
—
—
—
—
—
—
—
—
—
—
—
—
ASSETS FOR THE CALCULATION OF GAR - TURNOVER
Million EUR
2023
Pollution (PPC)
Biodiversity and Ecosystems (BIO)
TOTAL (CCM + CCA + WTR + CE + PPC + BIO)
Of which towards taxonomy relevant sectors 
(Taxonomy-eligible)
Of which towards taxonomy relevant sectors 
(Taxonomy-eligible)
Of which towards taxonomy relevant sectors (Taxonomy-
eligible)
Of which environmentally 
sustainable (Taxonomy-aligned)
Of which environmentally 
sustainable (Taxonomy-aligned)
Of which environmentally sustainable (Taxonomy-
aligned)
Of which 
Use of 
Proceeds
Of which 
enabling
Of which 
Use of 
Proceeds
Of which 
enabling
Of which 
Use of 
Proceeds
Of which 
transitiona
l
Of which 
enabling
Consolidated Management Report Consolidated Non-financial Information Statement
243
This English version is a translation of the original in Spanish for information purposes only. In case of a discrepancy, the Spanish original will prevail.

Collateral obtained by taking possession: 
residential and commercial immovable 
properties
—
—
—
—
—
—
—
—
934
1
—
—
—
Other assets excluded from the numerator for 
GAR calculation (covered in the denominator)
—
—
—
—
—
—
—
—
—
—
—
—
—
Non-financial corporations
SMEs and NFCs (other than SMEs) not 
subject to NFRD disclosure obligations
Loans and advances
of which loans collateralized by 
commercial immovable property
of which building renovation loans
Debt securities
Equity instruments
Non-EU country counterparties not subject 
to NFRD disclosure obligations
Loans and advances
Debt securities
Equity instruments
Derivatives
On demand interbank loans
Cash and cash-related assets
Other assets (e.g. Goodwill, commodities 
etc.)
Total GAR assets
—
—
—
—
—
—
—
—
122,198
2,302
—
120
798
Other assets not covered for GAR calculation
Sovereigns
Central banks exposure
Trading book
Total assets
—
—
—
—
—
—
—
—
—
—
—
—
—
Off-balance sheet exposures - Corporates 
subject to NFRD disclosure obligations
Financial guarantees
—
—
—
—
—
—
—
—
1,083
380
—
17
189
Assets under management
—
—
—
—
—
—
—
—
1,024
285
—
16
162
Of which debt securities
—
—
—
—
—
—
—
—
474
117
—
10
46
ASSETS FOR THE CALCULATION OF GAR - TURNOVER
Million EUR
2023
Pollution (PPC)
Biodiversity and Ecosystems (BIO)
TOTAL (CCM + CCA + WTR + CE + PPC + BIO)
Of which towards taxonomy relevant sectors 
(Taxonomy-eligible)
Of which towards taxonomy relevant sectors 
(Taxonomy-eligible)
Of which towards taxonomy relevant sectors (Taxonomy-
eligible)
Of which environmentally 
sustainable (Taxonomy-aligned)
Of which environmentally 
sustainable (Taxonomy-aligned)
Of which environmentally sustainable (Taxonomy-
aligned)
Of which 
Use of 
Proceeds
Of which 
enabling
Of which 
Use of 
Proceeds
Of which 
enabling
Of which 
Use of 
Proceeds
Of which 
transitiona
l
Of which 
enabling
Consolidated Management Report Consolidated Non-financial Information Statement
244
This English version is a translation of the original in Spanish for information purposes only. In case of a discrepancy, the Spanish original will prevail.

Of which equity instruments
—
—
—
—
—
—
—
—
550
168
—
6
115
1. The present information has been prepared in accordance with Commission Delegated Regulation (EU) 2021/2178, of July 6, 2021, which supplements Regulation (EU) 2020/852 of the European Parliament and of the Council 
by specifying the content and the presentation of information on environmentally sustainable economic activities
2. Customers' economic activities are classified as eligible or aligned in accordance with the Delegated Acts supplementing Regulation (EU) 2020/852 of the European Parliament and of the Council. Specifically, the economic 
activities covered by Delegated Regulations (EU) 2021/2139 on mitigation and adaptation to climate change have been taken into consideration.
3. Customers'  economic activities are classified as eligible or aligned taking into account the modifications implemented by Commission Delegated Regulation (EU) 2022/1214 of March 9, 2022, which includes economic 
activities in certain energy sectors, and Commission Delegated Regulation (EU) 2023/2485 of 27 June 2023 establishing additional technical criteria.
4. The information includes the BBVA Group total prudential balance. In terms of breakdown of environmental objectives, the most significant entities are included and correspond to 96% of the total assets. The financial assets 
analyzed correspond to the categories of financial instruments valued “At amortized cost”, “Fair Value with Changes in Other Comprehensive Income (FVOCI)”, “Fair Value with Changes in P&L” and “Non-negotiable at Fair Value 
with changes in result.
5. NFRD counterparties are those subject to Directive 2014/95/EU (the Non-Financial Reporting Directive or NFRD), such as large listed companies, banks and insurance companies, with more than 500 employees. BBVA 
identifies NFRD counterparties mainly in two ways: i) review of the registered office in a country of the European Union and ii) more than 500 employees. In the event that the previous criterion is not met and if the client belongs 
to a business group, the same review is carried out at the parent company level.
6. Eligibility information for NFRD counterparties is obtained through an external reference provider in the sector, which obtains EU taxonomy KPI information directly from their corporate reports, EINF or equivalent. In the case 
of NFRD clients for whom the information has not been provided through the previous means, the information from their corporate reports is captured by BBVA or the client's main activity is analyzed to establish their eligibility.
7. Exposure to individuals includes self-employed workers, in which case the activity code (NACE) is reviewed to determine eligibility. The rest of the exposure corresponding to the individual segment is reviewed for the use of 
funds to be considered eligible, for example, in the case of housing loans. EU Taxonomy activity 7.7 Acquisition and ownership of buildings, EU Taxonomy activity 7.2 Renovation of independently existing buildings, or Cars: EUT 
6.5 Transport by motorcycles, passenger cars and light commercial vehicles)
8. While exposures to governments and central banks are excluded from the GAR calculation symmetrically, from the numerator and denominator, financing to small and medium-sized enterprises that do not fall within the 
scope of the NFRD or financing outside EU (even if they meet the taxonomy criteria requirements) cannot qualify as aligned with the taxonomy. Furthermore, activities not covered by the EU taxonomy will be excluded from the 
numerator, but not from the denominator of GAR.
ASSETS FOR THE CALCULATION OF GAR - TURNOVER
Million EUR
2023
Pollution (PPC)
Biodiversity and Ecosystems (BIO)
TOTAL (CCM + CCA + WTR + CE + PPC + BIO)
Of which towards taxonomy relevant sectors 
(Taxonomy-eligible)
Of which towards taxonomy relevant sectors 
(Taxonomy-eligible)
Of which towards taxonomy relevant sectors (Taxonomy-
eligible)
Of which environmentally 
sustainable (Taxonomy-aligned)
Of which environmentally 
sustainable (Taxonomy-aligned)
Of which environmentally sustainable (Taxonomy-
aligned)
Of which 
Use of 
Proceeds
Of which 
enabling
Of which 
Use of 
Proceeds
Of which 
enabling
Of which 
Use of 
Proceeds
Of which 
transitiona
l
Of which 
enabling
Consolidated Management Report Consolidated Non-financial Information Statement
245
This English version is a translation of the original in Spanish for information purposes only. In case of a discrepancy, the Spanish original will prevail.

GAR - Covered assets in both numerator and 
denominator
Loans and advances, debt securities and equity 
instruments not HfT eligible for GAR calculation
245,270
122,018
3,406
—
125
1,355
1,092
119
—
17
—
—
—
—
—
—
—
—
Financial corporations
40,449
4,198
—
—
—
—
573
—
—
—
—
—
—
—
—
—
—
—
Credit institutions
20,040
2,191
—
—
—
—
369
—
—
—
—
—
—
—
—
—
—
—
Loans and advances
16,634
1,594
—
—
—
—
155
—
—
—
—
—
—
—
—
—
—
—
Debt securities, including UoP
3,397
597
—
—
—
—
214
—
—
—
—
—
—
—
—
—
—
—
Equity instruments
9
—
—
—
—
—
—
—
—
—
—
—
—
—
Other financial corporations
20,409
2,007
—
—
—
—
204
—
—
—
—
—
—
—
—
—
—
—
of which investment firms
1,065
267
—
—
—
—
11
—
—
—
—
—
—
—
—
—
—
—
Loans and advances
998
267
—
—
—
—
11
—
—
—
—
—
—
—
—
—
—
—
Debt securities, including UoP
66
—
—
—
—
—
—
—
—
—
—
—
—
—
—
—
—
—
Equity instruments
1
—
—
—
—
—
—
—
—
—
—
—
—
—
of which  management companies
448
18
—
—
—
—
—
—
—
—
—
—
—
—
—
—
—
—
Loans and advances
344
18
—
—
—
—
—
—
—
—
—
—
—
—
—
—
—
—
Debt securities, including UoP
19
—
—
—
—
—
—
—
—
—
—
—
—
—
—
—
—
—
Equity instruments
85
—
—
—
—
—
—
—
—
—
—
—
—
—
of which insurance undertakings
2,024
10
—
—
—
—
35
—
—
—
—
—
—
—
—
—
—
—
Loans and advances
738
10
—
—
—
—
—
—
—
—
—
—
—
—
—
—
—
—
Debt securities, including UoP
5
—
—
—
—
—
5
—
—
—
—
—
—
—
—
—
—
—
Equity instruments
1,281
—
—
—
—
30
—
—
—
—
—
—
—
—
Non-financial corporations
22,389
7,157
2,716
—
125
1,355
519
119
—
17
—
—
—
—
—
—
—
—
Loans and advances
19,775
6,809
2,464
—
114
1,284
500
116
—
14
—
—
—
—
—
—
—
—
Debt securities, including UoP
1,266
311
230
—
10
58
4
3
—
3
—
—
—
—
—
—
—
—
Equity instruments
1,348
37
21
—
13
15
—
—
—
—
—
—
—
—
Households
177,287
109,728
690
—
—
—
—
—
—
—
—
—
—
—
of which loans collateralized by 
residential immovable property
96,226
96,226
690
—
—
—
—
—
—
—
—
—
—
—
of which building renovation loans
4,478
4,478
—
—
—
—
—
—
—
—
—
—
—
—
of which motor vehicle loans
9,024
9,024
—
—
—
—
Local governments financing
4,210
—
—
—
—
—
—
—
—
—
—
—
—
—
—
—
—
—
Housing financing
 
—  
—  
—  
—  
—  
—  
—  
—  
—  
—  
—  
—  
—  
—  
—  
—  
—  
— 
ASSETS FOR THE CALCULATION OF GAR - CAPEX
Million EUR
2023
Total 
[gross] 
carrying 
amount
Climate Change Mitigation (CCM)
Climate Change Adaptation (CCA)
Water and marine resources (WTR)
Circular economy (CE)
Of which towards taxonomy relevant sectors (Taxonomy-
eligible)
Of which towards taxonomy relevant sectors 
(Taxonomy-eligible)
Of which towards taxonomy relevant sectors 
(Taxonomy-eligible)
Of which towards taxonomy relevant sectors 
(Taxonomy-eligible)
Of which environmentally sustainable (Taxonomy-
aligned)
Of which environmentally 
sustainable (Taxonomy-aligned)
Of which environmentally 
sustainable (Taxonomy-aligned)
Of which environmentally 
sustainable (Taxonomy-aligned)
Of which 
Use of 
Proceeds
Of which 
transitiona
l
Of which 
enabling
Of which 
Use of 
Proceeds
Of which 
enabling
Of which 
Use of 
Proceeds
Of which 
enabling
Of which 
Use of 
Proceeds
Of which 
enabling
Consolidated Management Report Consolidated Non-financial Information Statement
246
This English version is a translation of the original in Spanish for information purposes only. In case of a discrepancy, the Spanish original will prevail.

Other local government financing
4,210
—
—
—
—
—
—
—
—
—
—
—
—
—
—
—
—
—
Collateral obtained by taking possession: 
residential and commercial immovable 
properties
934
934
1
—
—
—
—
—
—
—
—
—
—
—
—
—
—
—
Other assets excluded from the numerator for 
GAR calculation (covered in the denominator)
196,518
—
—
—
—
—
—
—
—
—
—
—
—
—
—
—
—
—
Non-financial corporations
160,448
SMEs and NFCs (other than SMEs) not 
subject to NFRD disclosure obligations
57,850
Loans and advances
56,917
of which loans collateralized by 
commercial immovable property
8,875
of which building renovation loans
367
Debt securities
516
Equity instruments
417
Non-EU country counterparties not subject 
to NFRD disclosure obligations
102,598
Loans and advances
98,990
Debt securities
3,112
Equity instruments
497
Derivatives
1,420
On demand interbank loans
7,085
Cash and cash-related assets
7,782
Other assets (e.g. Goodwill, commodities 
etc.)
19,783
Total GAR assets
441,787
122,018
3,406
—
125
1,355
1,092
119
—
17
—
—
—
—
—
—
—
—
Other assets not covered for GAR calculation
306,457
Sovereigns
96,465
Central banks exposure
68,488
Trading book
141,505
Total assets
748,244
—
—
—
—
—
—
—
—
—
—
—
—
—
—
—
—
—
Off-balance sheet exposures - Corporates 
subject to NFRD disclosure obligations
Financial guarantees
18,782
1,554
1,034
—
32
275
116
2
—
—
—
—
—
—
—
—
—
—
ASSETS FOR THE CALCULATION OF GAR - CAPEX
Million EUR
2023
Total 
[gross] 
carrying 
amount
Climate Change Mitigation (CCM)
Climate Change Adaptation (CCA)
Water and marine resources (WTR)
Circular economy (CE)
Of which towards taxonomy relevant sectors (Taxonomy-
eligible)
Of which towards taxonomy relevant sectors 
(Taxonomy-eligible)
Of which towards taxonomy relevant sectors 
(Taxonomy-eligible)
Of which towards taxonomy relevant sectors 
(Taxonomy-eligible)
Of which environmentally sustainable (Taxonomy-
aligned)
Of which environmentally 
sustainable (Taxonomy-aligned)
Of which environmentally 
sustainable (Taxonomy-aligned)
Of which environmentally 
sustainable (Taxonomy-aligned)
Of which 
Use of 
Proceeds
Of which 
transitiona
l
Of which 
enabling
Of which 
Use of 
Proceeds
Of which 
enabling
Of which 
Use of 
Proceeds
Of which 
enabling
Of which 
Use of 
Proceeds
Of which 
enabling
Consolidated Management Report Consolidated Non-financial Information Statement
247
This English version is a translation of the original in Spanish for information purposes only. In case of a discrepancy, the Spanish original will prevail.

Assets under management
179,338
1,441
595
—
33
287
48
19
—
15
—
—
—
—
—
—
—
—
Of which debt securities
53,240
640
244
—
25
76
16
10
—
10
—
—
—
—
—
—
—
—
Of which equity instruments
9,648
801
351
—
7
211
32
10
—
5
—
—
—
—
—
—
—
—
1. The present information has been prepared in accordance with Commission Delegated Regulation (EU) 2021/2178, of July 6, 2021, which supplements Regulation (EU) 2020/852 of the European Parliament and of the Council by specifying the content and the presentation of information on 
environmentally sustainable economic activities
2. Customers' economic activities are classified as eligible or aligned in accordance with the Delegated Acts supplementing Regulation (EU) 2020/852 of the European Parliament and of the Council. Specifically, the economic activities covered by Delegated Regulations (EU) 2021/2139 on 
mitigation and adaptation to climate change have been taken into consideration.
3. Customers' economic activities are classified as eligible or aligned taking into account the modifications implemented by Commission Delegated Regulation (EU) 2022/1214 of March 9, 2022, which includes economic activities in certain energy sectors, and Commission Delegated Regulation 
(EU) 2023/2485 of 27 June 2023 establishing additional technical criteria.
4. The information includes the BBVA Group total prudential balance. In terms of breakdown of environmental objectives, the most significant entities are included and correspond to 96% of the total assets. The financial assets analyzed correspond to the categories of financial instruments 
valued “At amortized cost”, “Fair Value with Changes in Other Comprehensive Income (FVOCI)”, “Fair Value with Changes in P&L” and “Non-negotiable at Fair Value with changes in result.
5. NFRD counterparties are those subject to Directive 2014/95/EU (the Non-Financial Reporting Directive or NFRD), such as large listed companies, banks and insurance companies, with more than 500 employees. BBVA identifies NFRD counterparties mainly in two ways: i) review of the 
registered office in a country of the European Union and ii) more than 500 employees. In the event that the previous criterion is not met and if the client belongs to a business group, the same review is carried out at the parent company level.
6. Eligibility information for NFRD counterparties is obtained through an external reference provider in the sector, which obtains EU taxonomy KPI information directly from their corporate reports, EINF or equivalent. In the case of NFRD clients for whom the information has not been provided 
through the previous means, the information from their corporate reports is captured by BBVA or the client's main activity is analyzed to establish their eligibility.
7. Exposure to individuals includes self-employed workers, in which case the activity code (NACE) is reviewed to determine eligibility. The rest of the exposure corresponding to the individual segment is reviewed for the use of funds to be considered eligible, for example, in the case of housing 
loans. EU Taxonomy activity 7.7 Acquisition and ownership of buildings, EU Taxonomy activity 7.2 Renovation of independently existing buildings, or Cars: EUT 6.5 Transport by motorcycles, passenger cars and light commercial vehicles)
8. While exposures to governments and central banks are excluded from the GAR calculation symmetrically, from the numerator and denominator, financing to small and medium-sized enterprises that do not fall within the scope of the NFRD or financing outside EU (even if they meet the 
taxonomy criteria requirements) cannot qualify as aligned with the taxonomy. Furthermore, activities not covered by the EU taxonomy will be excluded from the numerator, but not from the denominator of GAR.
ASSETS FOR THE CALCULATION OF GAR - CAPEX
Million EUR
2023
Total 
[gross] 
carrying 
amount
Climate Change Mitigation (CCM)
Climate Change Adaptation (CCA)
Water and marine resources (WTR)
Circular economy (CE)
Of which towards taxonomy relevant sectors (Taxonomy-
eligible)
Of which towards taxonomy relevant sectors 
(Taxonomy-eligible)
Of which towards taxonomy relevant sectors 
(Taxonomy-eligible)
Of which towards taxonomy relevant sectors 
(Taxonomy-eligible)
Of which environmentally sustainable (Taxonomy-
aligned)
Of which environmentally 
sustainable (Taxonomy-aligned)
Of which environmentally 
sustainable (Taxonomy-aligned)
Of which environmentally 
sustainable (Taxonomy-aligned)
Of which 
Use of 
Proceeds
Of which 
transitiona
l
Of which 
enabling
Of which 
Use of 
Proceeds
Of which 
enabling
Of which 
Use of 
Proceeds
Of which 
enabling
Of which 
Use of 
Proceeds
Of which 
enabling
Consolidated Management Report Consolidated Non-financial Information Statement
248
This English version is a translation of the original in Spanish for information purposes only. In case of a discrepancy, the Spanish original will prevail.

GAR - Covered assets in both numerator and 
denominator
Loans and advances, debt securities and equity 
instruments not HfT eligible for GAR calculation
—
—
—
—
—
—
—
—
123,110
3,525
—
125
1,373
Financial corporations
—
—
—
—
—
—
—
—
4,771
—
—
—
—
Credit institutions
—
—
—
—
—
—
—
—
2,560
—
—
—
—
Loans and advances
—
—
—
—
—
—
—
—
1,749
—
—
—
—
Debt securities, including UoP
—
—
—
—
—
—
—
—
812
—
—
—
—
Equity instruments
—
—
—
—
—
—
—
—
—
—
Other financial corporations
—
—
—
—
—
—
—
—
2,211
—
—
—
—
of which investment firms
—
—
—
—
—
—
—
—
278
—
—
—
—
Loans and advances
—
—
—
—
—
—
—
—
278
—
—
—
—
Debt securities, including UoP
—
—
—
—
—
—
—
—
—
—
—
—
—
Equity instruments
—
—
—
—
—
—
—
—
—
—
of which  management companies
—
—
—
—
—
—
—
—
18
—
—
—
—
Loans and advances
—
—
—
—
—
—
—
—
18
—
—
—
—
Debt securities, including UoP
—
—
—
—
—
—
—
—
—
—
—
—
—
Equity instruments
—
—
—
—
—
—
—
—
—
—
of which insurance undertakings
—
—
—
—
—
—
—
—
45
—
—
—
—
Loans and advances
—
—
—
—
—
—
—
—
10
—
—
—
—
Debt securities, including UoP
—
—
—
—
—
—
—
—
5
—
—
—
—
Equity instruments
—
—
—
—
—
—
30
—
—
—
Non-financial corporations
—
—
—
—
—
—
—
—
7,676
2,835
—
125
1,373
Loans and advances
—
—
—
—
—
—
—
—
7,310
2,580
—
114
1,298
Debt securities, including UoP
—
—
—
—
—
—
—
—
315
234
—
10
62
Equity instruments
—
—
—
—
—
—
52
21
—
13
Households
109,728
690
—
—
—
of which loans collateralized by 
residential immovable property
96,226
690
—
—
—
of which building renovation loans
4,478
—
—
—
—
of which motor vehicle loans
9,024
—
—
—
—
Local governments financing
—
—
—
—
—
—
—
—
—
—
—
—
—
Housing financing
 
—  
—  
—  
—  
—  
—  
—  
—  
—  
—  
—  
—  
— 
Other local government financing
—
—
—
—
—
—
—
—
—
—
—
—
—
ASSETS FOR THE CALCULATION OF GAR - CAPEX
Million EUR
2023
Pollution (PPC)
Biodiversity and Ecosystems (BIO)
TOTAL (CCM + CCA + WTR + CE + PPC + BIO)
Of which towards taxonomy relevant sectors 
(Taxonomy-eligible)
Of which towards taxonomy relevant sectors 
(Taxonomy-eligible)
Of which towards taxonomy relevant sectors (Taxonomy-
eligible)
Of which environmentally 
sustainable (Taxonomy-aligned)
Of which environmentally 
sustainable (Taxonomy-aligned)
Of which environmentally sustainable (Taxonomy-
aligned)
Of which 
Use of 
Proceeds
Of which 
enabling
Of which 
Use of 
Proceeds
Of which 
enabling
Of which 
Use of 
Proceeds
Of which 
transitiona
l
Of which 
enabling
Consolidated Management Report Consolidated Non-financial Information Statement
249
This English version is a translation of the original in Spanish for information purposes only. In case of a discrepancy, the Spanish original will prevail.

Collateral obtained by taking possession: 
residential and commercial immovable 
properties
—
—
—
—
—
—
—
—
934
1
—
—
—
Other assets excluded from the numerator for 
GAR calculation (covered in the denominator)
—
—
—
—
—
—
—
—
—
—
—
—
—
Non-financial corporations
SMEs and NFCs (other than SMEs) not 
subject to NFRD disclosure obligations
Loans and advances
of which loans collateralized by 
commercial immovable property
of which building renovation loans
Debt securities
Equity instruments
Non-EU country counterparties not subject 
to NFRD disclosure obligations
Loans and advances
Debt securities
Equity instruments
Derivatives
On demand interbank loans
Cash and cash-related assets
Other assets (e.g. Goodwill, commodities 
etc.)
Total GAR assets
—
—
—
—
—
—
—
—
123,110
3,525
—
125
1,373
Other assets not covered for GAR calculation
Sovereigns
Central banks exposure
Trading book
Total assets
—
—
—
—
—
—
—
—
—
—
—
—
—
Off-balance sheet exposures - Corporates 
subject to NFRD disclosure obligations
Financial guarantees
—
—
—
—
—
—
—
—
1,671
1,036
—
32
275
Assets under management
—
—
—
—
—
—
—
—
1,489
614
—
33
302
Of which debt securities
—
—
—
—
—
—
—
—
656
254
—
25
85
ASSETS FOR THE CALCULATION OF GAR - CAPEX
Million EUR
2023
Pollution (PPC)
Biodiversity and Ecosystems (BIO)
TOTAL (CCM + CCA + WTR + CE + PPC + BIO)
Of which towards taxonomy relevant sectors 
(Taxonomy-eligible)
Of which towards taxonomy relevant sectors 
(Taxonomy-eligible)
Of which towards taxonomy relevant sectors (Taxonomy-
eligible)
Of which environmentally 
sustainable (Taxonomy-aligned)
Of which environmentally 
sustainable (Taxonomy-aligned)
Of which environmentally sustainable (Taxonomy-
aligned)
Of which 
Use of 
Proceeds
Of which 
enabling
Of which 
Use of 
Proceeds
Of which 
enabling
Of which 
Use of 
Proceeds
Of which 
transitiona
l
Of which 
enabling
Consolidated Management Report Consolidated Non-financial Information Statement
250
This English version is a translation of the original in Spanish for information purposes only. In case of a discrepancy, the Spanish original will prevail.

Of which equity instruments
—
—
—
—
—
—
—
—
833
361
—
7
217
1. The present information has been prepared in accordance with Commission Delegated Regulation (EU) 2021/2178, of July 6, 2021, which supplements Regulation (EU) 2020/852 of the European Parliament and of the Council 
by specifying the content and the presentation of information on environmentally sustainable economic activities
2. Customers' economic activities are classified as eligible or aligned in accordance with the Delegated Acts supplementing Regulation (EU) 2020/852 of the European Parliament and of the Council. Specifically, the economic 
activities covered by Delegated Regulations (EU) 2021/2139 on mitigation and adaptation to climate change have been taken into consideration.
3. Customers' economic activities are classified as eligible or aligned taking into account the modifications implemented by Commission Delegated Regulation (EU) 2022/1214 of March 9, 2022, which includes economic 
activities in certain energy sectors, and Commission Delegated Regulation (EU) 2023/2485 of 27 June 2023 establishing additional technical criteria.
4. The information includes the BBVA Group total prudential balance. In terms of breakdown of environmental objectives, the most significant entities are included and correspond to 96% of the total assets. The financial assets 
analyzed correspond to the categories of financial instruments valued “At amortized cost”, “Fair Value with Changes in Other Comprehensive Income (FVOCI)”, “Fair Value with Changes in P&L” and “Non-negotiable at Fair Value 
with changes in result.
5. NFRD counterparties are those subject to Directive 2014/95/EU (the Non-Financial Reporting Directive or NFRD), such as large listed companies, banks and insurance companies, with more than 500 employees. BBVA 
identifies NFRD counterparties mainly in two ways: i) review of the registered office in a country of the European Union and ii) more than 500 employees. In the event that the previous criterion is not met and if the client belongs 
to a business group, the same review is carried out at the parent company level.
6. Eligibility information for NFRD counterparties is obtained through an external reference provider in the sector, which obtains EU taxonomy KPI information directly from their corporate reports, EINF or equivalent. In the case 
of NFRD clients for whom the information has not been provided through the previous means, the information from their corporate reports is captured by BBVA or the client's main activity is analyzed to establish their eligibility.
7. Exposure to individuals includes self-employed workers, in which case the activity code (NACE) is reviewed to determine eligibility. The rest of the exposure corresponding to the individual segment is reviewed for the use of 
funds to be considered eligible, for example, in the case of housing loans. EU Taxonomy activity 7.7 Acquisition and ownership of buildings, EU Taxonomy activity 7.2 Renovation of independently existing buildings, or Cars: EUT 
6.5 Transport by motorcycles, passenger cars and light commercial vehicles)
8. While exposures to governments and central banks are excluded from the GAR calculation symmetrically, from the numerator and denominator, financing to small and medium-sized enterprises that do not fall within the 
scope of the NFRD or financing outside EU (even if they meet the taxonomy criteria requirements) cannot qualify as aligned with the taxonomy. Furthermore, activities not covered by the EU taxonomy will be excluded from the 
numerator, but not from the denominator of GAR.
ASSETS FOR THE CALCULATION OF GAR - CAPEX
Million EUR
2023
Pollution (PPC)
Biodiversity and Ecosystems (BIO)
TOTAL (CCM + CCA + WTR + CE + PPC + BIO)
Of which towards taxonomy relevant sectors 
(Taxonomy-eligible)
Of which towards taxonomy relevant sectors 
(Taxonomy-eligible)
Of which towards taxonomy relevant sectors (Taxonomy-
eligible)
Of which environmentally 
sustainable (Taxonomy-aligned)
Of which environmentally 
sustainable (Taxonomy-aligned)
Of which environmentally sustainable (Taxonomy-
aligned)
Of which 
Use of 
Proceeds
Of which 
enabling
Of which 
Use of 
Proceeds
Of which 
enabling
Of which 
Use of 
Proceeds
Of which 
transitiona
l
Of which 
enabling
Consolidated Management Report Consolidated Non-financial Information Statement
251
This English version is a translation of the original in Spanish for information purposes only. In case of a discrepancy, the Spanish original will prevail.

A.02.10 Silviculture and other forestry 
activities
—
—
—
—
—
—
—
—
B.06.10 Extraction of crude petroleum
1
—
—
—
—
—
—
—
B.08.11 Quarrying of ornamental and building 
stone, limestone, gypsum, chalk and slate
—
—
—
—
—
—
—
—
B.09.10 Support activities for petroleum and 
natural gas extraction
66
13
—
—
—
—
—
—
C.10.83 Processing of tea and coffee
—
—
—
—
—
—
—
—
C.10.89 Manufacture of other food products 
n.e.c.
—
—
—
—
—
—
—
—
C.11.02 Manufacture of wine from grape
—
—
—
—
—
—
—
—
C.11.04 Manufacture of other non-distilled 
fermented beverages
—
—
—
—
—
—
4
—
C.11.05 Manufacture of beer
—
—
—
—
—
—
9
—
C.11.07 Manufacture of soft drinks; production 
of mineral waters and other bottled waters
—
—
—
—
—
—
17
—
C.13.99 Manufacture of other textiles n.e.c.
—
—
—
—
—
—
4
—
C.15.20 Manufacture of footwear
—
—
—
—
—
—
—
—
C.16.10 Sawmilling and planing of wood
1
—
—
—
—
—
—
—
C.16.23 Manufacture of other builders'' 
carpentry and joinery
—
—
—
—
—
—
—
—
C.16.29 Manufacture of other products of 
wood; manufacture of articles of cork, straw 
and plaiting materials
1
—
—
—
—
—
—
—
C.17.11 Manufacture of pulp
14
14
—
—
—
—
20
—
C.17.12 Manufacture of paper and paperboard
—
—
—
—
—
—
—
—
C.17.21 Manufacture of corrugated paper and 
paperboard and of containers of paper and 
paperboard
1
1
—
—
—
—
—
—
C.17.29 Manufacture of other articles of paper 
and paperboard
—
—
—
—
—
—
—
—
C.18.11 Printing of newspapers
—
—
—
—
—
—
—
—
C.18.12 Other printing
—
—
—
—
—
—
—
—
GAR SECTOR INFORMATION - TURNOVER
Breakdown by sector - NACE 4 digits level (code and 
label)
Climate Change Mitigation (CCM)
Climate Change Adaptation (CCA)
Water and marine resources (WTR)
Circular economy (CE)
Non-Financial corporates 
(Subject to NFRD)
SMEs and other NFC not 
subject to NFRD
Non-Financial corporates 
(Subject to NFRD)
SMEs and other NFC not 
subject to NFRD
Non-Financial corporates 
(Subject to NFRD)
SMEs and other NFC not 
subject to NFRD
Non-Financial corporates 
(Subject to NFRD)
SMEs and other NFC not 
subject to NFRD
[Gross] carrying amount
[Gross] carrying amount
[Gross] carrying amount
[Gross] carrying amount
[Gross] carrying amount
[Gross] carrying amount
[Gross] carrying amount
[Gross] carrying amount
Mn EUR
Of which 
environment
ally 
sustainable 
(CCM)
Mn EUR
Of which 
environment
ally 
sustainable 
(CCM)
Mn EUR
Of which 
environment
ally 
sustainable 
(CCA)
Mn EUR
Of which 
environment
ally 
sustainable 
(CCA)
Mn EUR
Of which 
environment
ally 
sustainable 
(WTR)
Mn EUR
Of which 
environment
ally 
sustainable 
(WTR)
Mn EUR
Of which 
environment
ally 
sustainable 
(CE)
Mn EUR
Of which 
environment
ally 
sustainable 
(CE)
Consolidated Management Report Consolidated Non-financial Information Statement
252
This English version is a translation of the original in Spanish for information purposes only. In case of a discrepancy, the Spanish original will prevail.

C.19.20 Manufacture of refined petroleum 
products
30
5
—
—
—
—
—
—
C.20.11 Manufacture of industrial gases
—
—
—
—
—
—
—
—
C.20.13 Manufacture of other inorganic basic 
chemicals
7
1
—
—
—
—
—
—
C.20.14 Manufacture of other organic basic 
chemicals
27
—
—
—
—
—
—
—
C.20.16 Manufacture of plastics in primary 
forms
8
—
—
—
—
—
—
—
C.20.17 Manufacture of synthetic rubber in 
primary forms
2
—
—
—
—
—
—
—
C.20.20 Manufacture of pesticides and other 
agrochemical products
—
—
—
—
—
—
—
—
C.20.52 Manufacture of glues
—
—
—
—
—
—
—
—
C.20.59 Manufacture of other chemical 
products n.e.c.
4
—
—
—
—
—
—
—
C.21.10 Manufacture of basic pharmaceutical 
products
—
—
—
—
—
—
—
—
C.21.20 Manufacture of pharmaceutical 
preparations
—
—
—
—
—
—
—
—
C.22.11 Manufacture of rubber tires and tubes; 
retreading and rebuilding of rubber tires
—
—
—
—
—
—
—
—
C.22.19 Manufacture of other rubber products
—
—
—
—
—
—
—
—
C.22.22 Manufacture of plastic packing goods
3
—
—
—
—
—
—
—
C.22.29 Manufacture of other plastic products
3
—
—
—
—
—
—
—
C.23.13 Manufacture of hollow glass
—
—
—
—
—
—
37
—
C.23.51 Manufacture of cement
17
—
—
—
—
—
—
—
C.23.61 Manufacture of concrete products for 
construction purposes
—
—
—
—
—
—
—
—
C.23.63 Manufacture of ready-mixed concrete
3
—
—
—
—
—
—
—
C.23.64 Manufacture of mortars
1
—
—
—
—
—
—
—
C.23.99 Manufacture of other non-metallic 
mineral products n.e.c.
1
—
—
—
—
—
—
—
GAR SECTOR INFORMATION - TURNOVER
Breakdown by sector - NACE 4 digits level (code and 
label)
Climate Change Mitigation (CCM)
Climate Change Adaptation (CCA)
Water and marine resources (WTR)
Circular economy (CE)
Non-Financial corporates 
(Subject to NFRD)
SMEs and other NFC not 
subject to NFRD
Non-Financial corporates 
(Subject to NFRD)
SMEs and other NFC not 
subject to NFRD
Non-Financial corporates 
(Subject to NFRD)
SMEs and other NFC not 
subject to NFRD
Non-Financial corporates 
(Subject to NFRD)
SMEs and other NFC not 
subject to NFRD
[Gross] carrying amount
[Gross] carrying amount
[Gross] carrying amount
[Gross] carrying amount
[Gross] carrying amount
[Gross] carrying amount
[Gross] carrying amount
[Gross] carrying amount
Mn EUR
Of which 
environment
ally 
sustainable 
(CCM)
Mn EUR
Of which 
environment
ally 
sustainable 
(CCM)
Mn EUR
Of which 
environment
ally 
sustainable 
(CCA)
Mn EUR
Of which 
environment
ally 
sustainable 
(CCA)
Mn EUR
Of which 
environment
ally 
sustainable 
(WTR)
Mn EUR
Of which 
environment
ally 
sustainable 
(WTR)
Mn EUR
Of which 
environment
ally 
sustainable 
(CE)
Mn EUR
Of which 
environment
ally 
sustainable 
(CE)
Consolidated Management Report Consolidated Non-financial Information Statement
253
This English version is a translation of the original in Spanish for information purposes only. In case of a discrepancy, the Spanish original will prevail.

C.24.10 Manufacture of basic iron and steel 
and of ferro-alloys
253
226
—
—
—
—
5
—
C.24.20 Manufacture of tubes, pipes, hollow 
profiles and related fittings, of steel
15
15
—
—
—
—
53
—
C.24.31 Cold drawing of bars
10
9
—
—
—
—
—
—
C.24.32 Cold rolling of narrow strip
1
—
—
—
—
—
4
—
C.24.34 Cold drawing of wire
—
—
—
—
—
—
—
—
C.24.42 Aluminium production
—
—
—
—
—
—
—
—
C.24.45 Other non-ferrous metal production
10
9
—
—
—
—
—
—
C.24.51 Casting of iron
—
—
—
—
—
—
—
—
C.24.52 Casting of steel
6
5
—
—
—
—
—
—
C.24.54 Casting of other non-ferrous metals
—
—
—
—
—
—
—
—
C.25.11 Manufacture of metal structures and 
parts of structures
8
1
—
—
—
—
—
—
C.25.29 Manufacture of other tanks, 
reservoirs and containers of metal
—
—
—
—
—
—
—
—
C.25.50 Forging, pressing, stamping and roll-
forming of metal; powder metallurgy
1
—
—
—
—
—
—
—
C.25.62 Machining
—
—
—
—
—
—
—
—
C.25.73 Manufacture of tools
—
—
—
—
—
—
—
—
C.25.92 Manufacture of light metal packaging
—
—
—
—
—
—
—
—
C.25.93 Manufacture of wire products, chain 
and springs
—
—
—
—
—
—
—
—
C.25.99 Manufacture of other fabricated 
metal products n.e.c.
8
—
—
—
—
—
—
—
C.26.11 Manufacture of electronic 
components
7
—
—
—
—
—
—
—
C.26.30 Manufacture of communication 
equipment
1
—
—
—
—
—
—
—
C.26.51 Manufacture of instruments and 
appliances for measuring, testing and 
navigation
1
1
—
—
—
—
3
—
GAR SECTOR INFORMATION - TURNOVER
Breakdown by sector - NACE 4 digits level (code and 
label)
Climate Change Mitigation (CCM)
Climate Change Adaptation (CCA)
Water and marine resources (WTR)
Circular economy (CE)
Non-Financial corporates 
(Subject to NFRD)
SMEs and other NFC not 
subject to NFRD
Non-Financial corporates 
(Subject to NFRD)
SMEs and other NFC not 
subject to NFRD
Non-Financial corporates 
(Subject to NFRD)
SMEs and other NFC not 
subject to NFRD
Non-Financial corporates 
(Subject to NFRD)
SMEs and other NFC not 
subject to NFRD
[Gross] carrying amount
[Gross] carrying amount
[Gross] carrying amount
[Gross] carrying amount
[Gross] carrying amount
[Gross] carrying amount
[Gross] carrying amount
[Gross] carrying amount
Mn EUR
Of which 
environment
ally 
sustainable 
(CCM)
Mn EUR
Of which 
environment
ally 
sustainable 
(CCM)
Mn EUR
Of which 
environment
ally 
sustainable 
(CCA)
Mn EUR
Of which 
environment
ally 
sustainable 
(CCA)
Mn EUR
Of which 
environment
ally 
sustainable 
(WTR)
Mn EUR
Of which 
environment
ally 
sustainable 
(WTR)
Mn EUR
Of which 
environment
ally 
sustainable 
(CE)
Mn EUR
Of which 
environment
ally 
sustainable 
(CE)
Consolidated Management Report Consolidated Non-financial Information Statement
254
This English version is a translation of the original in Spanish for information purposes only. In case of a discrepancy, the Spanish original will prevail.

C.26.60 Manufacture of irradiation, 
electromedical and electrotherapeutic 
equipment
56
—
—
—
—
—
—
—
C.27.11 Manufacture of electric motors, 
generators and transformers
122
—
—
—
—
—
—
—
C.27.12 Manufacture of electricity distribution 
and control apparatus
—
—
—
—
—
—
—
—
C.27.20 Manufacture of batteries and 
accumulators
—
—
—
—
—
—
—
—
C.27.32 Manufacture of other electronic and 
electric wires and cables
19
1
—
—
—
—
—
—
C.27.33 Manufacture of wiring devices
8
5
—
—
—
—
8
—
C.27.40 Manufacture of electric lighting 
equipment
43
4
—
—
—
—
8
—
C.27.51 Manufacture of electric domestic 
appliances
151
1
—
—
—
—
—
—
C.27.52 Manufacture of non-electric domestic 
appliances
—
—
—
—
—
—
—
—
C.27.90 Manufacture of other electrical 
equipment
96
37
—
—
1
—
60
—
C.28.11 Manufacture of engines and turbines, 
except aircraft, vehicle and cycle engines
12
1
—
—
—
—
—
—
C.28.12 Manufacture of fluid power 
equipment
—
—
—
—
—
—
—
—
C.28.14 Manufacture of other taps and valves
—
—
—
—
—
—
—
—
C.28.15 Manufacture of bearings, gears, 
gearing and driving elements
—
—
—
—
—
—
—
—
C.28.22 Manufacture of lifting and handling 
equipment
—
—
—
—
—
—
—
—
C.28.25 Manufacture of non-domestic cooling 
and ventilation equipment
—
—
—
—
—
—
—
—
C.28.29 Manufacture of other general-
purpose machinery n.e.c.
109
—
—
—
—
—
—
—
C.28.49 Manufacture of other machine tools
—
—
—
—
—
—
—
—
GAR SECTOR INFORMATION - TURNOVER
Breakdown by sector - NACE 4 digits level (code and 
label)
Climate Change Mitigation (CCM)
Climate Change Adaptation (CCA)
Water and marine resources (WTR)
Circular economy (CE)
Non-Financial corporates 
(Subject to NFRD)
SMEs and other NFC not 
subject to NFRD
Non-Financial corporates 
(Subject to NFRD)
SMEs and other NFC not 
subject to NFRD
Non-Financial corporates 
(Subject to NFRD)
SMEs and other NFC not 
subject to NFRD
Non-Financial corporates 
(Subject to NFRD)
SMEs and other NFC not 
subject to NFRD
[Gross] carrying amount
[Gross] carrying amount
[Gross] carrying amount
[Gross] carrying amount
[Gross] carrying amount
[Gross] carrying amount
[Gross] carrying amount
[Gross] carrying amount
Mn EUR
Of which 
environment
ally 
sustainable 
(CCM)
Mn EUR
Of which 
environment
ally 
sustainable 
(CCM)
Mn EUR
Of which 
environment
ally 
sustainable 
(CCA)
Mn EUR
Of which 
environment
ally 
sustainable 
(CCA)
Mn EUR
Of which 
environment
ally 
sustainable 
(WTR)
Mn EUR
Of which 
environment
ally 
sustainable 
(WTR)
Mn EUR
Of which 
environment
ally 
sustainable 
(CE)
Mn EUR
Of which 
environment
ally 
sustainable 
(CE)
Consolidated Management Report Consolidated Non-financial Information Statement
255
This English version is a translation of the original in Spanish for information purposes only. In case of a discrepancy, the Spanish original will prevail.

C.28.91 Manufacture of machinery for 
metallurgy
—
—
—
—
—
—
—
—
C.28.99 Manufacture of other special-
purpose machinery n.e.c.
52
—
—
—
—
—
—
—
C.29.10 Manufacture of motor vehicles
251
5
—
—
—
—
530
—
C.29.31 Manufacture of electrical and 
electronic equipment for motor vehicles
—
—
—
—
—
—
25
—
C.29.32 Manufacture of other parts and 
accessories for motor vehicles
30
1
—
—
—
—
51
—
C.30.11 Building of ships and floating 
structures
64
—
—
—
—
—
—
—
C.30.20 Manufacture of railway locomotives 
and rolling stock
214
46
—
—
—
—
—
—
C.30.30 Manufacture of air and spacecraft 
and related machinery
268
—
—
—
—
—
—
—
C.30.99 Manufacture of other transport 
equipment n.e.c.
140
—
—
—
—
—
—
—
C.32.50 Manufacture of medical and dental 
instruments and supplies
—
—
—
—
—
—
—
—
C.33.12 Repair of machinery
—
—
—
—
—
—
—
—
C.33.14 Repair of electrical equipment
—
—
—
—
—
—
—
—
C.33.15 Repair and maintenance of ships and 
boats
—
—
—
—
—
—
—
—
C.33.17 Repair and maintenance of other 
transport equipment
—
—
—
—
—
—
—
—
C.33.19 Repair of other equipment
—
—
—
—
—
—
—
—
C.33.20 Installation of industrial machinery 
and equipment
2
1
—
—
—
—
—
—
D.35.11 Production of electricity
1,313
241
2
—
—
—
—
—
D.35.12 Transmission of electricity
386
7
—
—
—
—
—
—
D.35.13 Distribution of electricity
179
97
—
—
—
—
—
—
D.35.14 Trade of electricity
33
29
—
—
—
—
—
—
D.35.21 Manufacture of gas
56
—
—
—
—
—
—
—
GAR SECTOR INFORMATION - TURNOVER
Breakdown by sector - NACE 4 digits level (code and 
label)
Climate Change Mitigation (CCM)
Climate Change Adaptation (CCA)
Water and marine resources (WTR)
Circular economy (CE)
Non-Financial corporates 
(Subject to NFRD)
SMEs and other NFC not 
subject to NFRD
Non-Financial corporates 
(Subject to NFRD)
SMEs and other NFC not 
subject to NFRD
Non-Financial corporates 
(Subject to NFRD)
SMEs and other NFC not 
subject to NFRD
Non-Financial corporates 
(Subject to NFRD)
SMEs and other NFC not 
subject to NFRD
[Gross] carrying amount
[Gross] carrying amount
[Gross] carrying amount
[Gross] carrying amount
[Gross] carrying amount
[Gross] carrying amount
[Gross] carrying amount
[Gross] carrying amount
Mn EUR
Of which 
environment
ally 
sustainable 
(CCM)
Mn EUR
Of which 
environment
ally 
sustainable 
(CCM)
Mn EUR
Of which 
environment
ally 
sustainable 
(CCA)
Mn EUR
Of which 
environment
ally 
sustainable 
(CCA)
Mn EUR
Of which 
environment
ally 
sustainable 
(WTR)
Mn EUR
Of which 
environment
ally 
sustainable 
(WTR)
Mn EUR
Of which 
environment
ally 
sustainable 
(CE)
Mn EUR
Of which 
environment
ally 
sustainable 
(CE)
Consolidated Management Report Consolidated Non-financial Information Statement
256
This English version is a translation of the original in Spanish for information purposes only. In case of a discrepancy, the Spanish original will prevail.

D.35.22 Distribution of gaseous fuels through 
mains
142
93
—
—
—
—
—
—
D.35.23 Trade of gas through mains
18
10
—
—
—
—
—
—
E.36.00 Water collection, treatment and 
supply
17
14
1
—
—
—
—
—
E.37.00 Sewerage
—
—
—
—
—
—
—
—
E.38.11 Collection of non-hazardous waste
20
1
—
—
—
—
—
—
E.38.21 Treatment and disposal of non-
hazardous waste
24
2
—
—
—
—
—
—
E.38.31 Dismantling of wrecks
2
1
—
—
—
—
—
—
E.38.32 Recovery of sorted materials
18
14
—
—
—
—
5
—
E.39.00 Remediation activities and other 
waste management services
—
—
—
—
—
—
—
—
F.41.10 Development of building projects
59
8
—
—
—
—
—
—
F.41.20 Construction of residential and non-
residential buildings
44
25
—
—
—
—
1
—
F.42.11 Construction of roads and motorways
199
79
4
—
1
—
4
—
F.42.12 Construction of railways and 
underground railways
6
3
—
—
—
—
—
—
F.42.13 Construction of bridges and tunnels
1
—
—
—
—
—
—
—
F.42.21 Construction of utility projects for 
fluids
1
—
—
—
—
—
—
—
F.42.22 Construction of utility projects for 
electricity and telecommunications
3
1
—
—
—
—
—
—
F.42.91 Construction of water projects
1
—
—
—
—
—
—
—
F.42.99 Construction of other civil 
engineering projects n.e.c.
90
25
—
—
—
—
1
—
F.43.21 Electrical installation
54
33
1
—
—
—
3
—
F.43.22 Plumbing, heat and air conditioning 
installation
1
—
—
—
—
—
—
—
F.43.29 Other construction installation
11
—
—
—
—
—
—
—
F.43.32 Joinery installation
—
—
—
—
—
—
—
—
F.43.33 Floor and wall covering
—
—
—
—
—
—
—
—
GAR SECTOR INFORMATION - TURNOVER
Breakdown by sector - NACE 4 digits level (code and 
label)
Climate Change Mitigation (CCM)
Climate Change Adaptation (CCA)
Water and marine resources (WTR)
Circular economy (CE)
Non-Financial corporates 
(Subject to NFRD)
SMEs and other NFC not 
subject to NFRD
Non-Financial corporates 
(Subject to NFRD)
SMEs and other NFC not 
subject to NFRD
Non-Financial corporates 
(Subject to NFRD)
SMEs and other NFC not 
subject to NFRD
Non-Financial corporates 
(Subject to NFRD)
SMEs and other NFC not 
subject to NFRD
[Gross] carrying amount
[Gross] carrying amount
[Gross] carrying amount
[Gross] carrying amount
[Gross] carrying amount
[Gross] carrying amount
[Gross] carrying amount
[Gross] carrying amount
Mn EUR
Of which 
environment
ally 
sustainable 
(CCM)
Mn EUR
Of which 
environment
ally 
sustainable 
(CCM)
Mn EUR
Of which 
environment
ally 
sustainable 
(CCA)
Mn EUR
Of which 
environment
ally 
sustainable 
(CCA)
Mn EUR
Of which 
environment
ally 
sustainable 
(WTR)
Mn EUR
Of which 
environment
ally 
sustainable 
(WTR)
Mn EUR
Of which 
environment
ally 
sustainable 
(CE)
Mn EUR
Of which 
environment
ally 
sustainable 
(CE)
Consolidated Management Report Consolidated Non-financial Information Statement
257
This English version is a translation of the original in Spanish for information purposes only. In case of a discrepancy, the Spanish original will prevail.

F.43.39 Other building completion and 
finishing
—
—
—
—
—
—
—
—
F.43.99 Other specialized construction 
activities n.e.c.
86
53
1
—
—
—
2
—
G.45.11 Sale of cars and light motor vehicles
—
—
—
—
—
—
—
—
G.45.19 Sale of other motor vehicles
4
—
—
—
—
—
1
—
G.45.20 Maintenance and repair of motor 
vehicles
—
—
—
—
—
—
—
—
G.45.31 Wholesale trade of motor vehicle 
parts and accessories
1
1
—
—
—
—
—
—
G.45.32 Retail trade of motor vehicle parts 
and accessories
2
1
—
—
—
—
—
—
G.46.12 Agents involved in the sale of fuels, 
ores, metals and industrial chemicals
—
—
—
—
—
—
—
—
G.46.14 Agents involved in the sale of 
machinery, industrial equipment, ships and 
aircraft
—
—
—
—
—
—
—
—
G.46.16 Agents involved in the sale of textiles, 
clothing, fur, footwear and leather goods
—
—
—
—
—
—
—
—
G.46.17 Agents involved in the sale of food, 
beverages and tobacco
—
—
—
—
—
—
—
—
G.46.19 Agents involved in the sale of a variety 
of goods
—
—
—
—
—
—
2
—
G.46.21 Wholesale of grain, unmanufactured 
tobacco, seeds and animal feeds
—
—
—
—
—
—
25
—
G.46.31 Wholesale of fruit and vegetables
—
—
—
—
—
—
—
—
G.46.33 Wholesale of dairy products, eggs 
and edible oils and fats
—
—
—
—
—
—
—
—
G.46.34 Wholesale of beverages
—
—
—
—
—
—
2
—
G.46.37 Wholesale of coffee, tea, cocoa and 
spices
—
—
—
—
—
—
50
—
G.46.39 Non-specialized wholesale of food, 
beverages and tobacco
32
—
—
—
—
—
115
—
G.46.42 Wholesale of clothing and footwear
—
—
—
—
—
—
43
—
GAR SECTOR INFORMATION - TURNOVER
Breakdown by sector - NACE 4 digits level (code and 
label)
Climate Change Mitigation (CCM)
Climate Change Adaptation (CCA)
Water and marine resources (WTR)
Circular economy (CE)
Non-Financial corporates 
(Subject to NFRD)
SMEs and other NFC not 
subject to NFRD
Non-Financial corporates 
(Subject to NFRD)
SMEs and other NFC not 
subject to NFRD
Non-Financial corporates 
(Subject to NFRD)
SMEs and other NFC not 
subject to NFRD
Non-Financial corporates 
(Subject to NFRD)
SMEs and other NFC not 
subject to NFRD
[Gross] carrying amount
[Gross] carrying amount
[Gross] carrying amount
[Gross] carrying amount
[Gross] carrying amount
[Gross] carrying amount
[Gross] carrying amount
[Gross] carrying amount
Mn EUR
Of which 
environment
ally 
sustainable 
(CCM)
Mn EUR
Of which 
environment
ally 
sustainable 
(CCM)
Mn EUR
Of which 
environment
ally 
sustainable 
(CCA)
Mn EUR
Of which 
environment
ally 
sustainable 
(CCA)
Mn EUR
Of which 
environment
ally 
sustainable 
(WTR)
Mn EUR
Of which 
environment
ally 
sustainable 
(WTR)
Mn EUR
Of which 
environment
ally 
sustainable 
(CE)
Mn EUR
Of which 
environment
ally 
sustainable 
(CE)
Consolidated Management Report Consolidated Non-financial Information Statement
258
This English version is a translation of the original in Spanish for information purposes only. In case of a discrepancy, the Spanish original will prevail.

G.46.43 Wholesale of electrical household 
appliances
—
—
—
—
—
—
—
—
G.46.46 Wholesale of pharmaceutical goods
—
—
—
—
—
—
—
—
G.46.49 Wholesale of other household goods
1
1
—
—
—
—
4
—
G.46.51 Wholesale of computers, computer 
peripheral equipment and software
—
—
—
—
—
—
1
—
G.46.52 Wholesale of electronic and 
telecommunications equipment and parts
12
12
—
—
—
—
40
—
G.46.69 Wholesale of other machinery and 
equipment
6
—
—
—
—
—
2
—
G.46.71 Wholesale of solid, liquid and gaseous 
fuels and related products
26
5
—
—
—
—
612
—
G.46.72 Wholesale of metals and metal ores
—
—
—
—
—
—
3
—
G.46.73 Wholesale of wood, construction 
materials and sanitary equipment
—
—
—
—
—
—
23
—
G.46.74 Wholesale of hardware, plumbing and 
heating equipment and supplies
1
—
—
—
—
—
1
—
G.46.75 Wholesale of chemical products
—
—
—
—
—
—
3
—
G.46.76 Wholesale of other intermediate 
products
—
—
—
—
—
—
—
—
G.46.77 Wholesale of waste and scrap
—
—
—
—
—
—
2
—
G.46.90 Non-specialized wholesale trade
1
1
—
—
—
—
38
—
G.47.11 Retail sale in non-specialized stores 
with food, beverages or tobacco 
predominating
—
—
—
—
—
—
52
—
G.47.19 Other retail sale in non-specialized 
stores
1
1
—
—
—
—
58
—
G.47.23 Retail sale of fish, crustaceans and 
mollusks in specialized stores
—
—
—
—
—
—
—
—
G.47.29 Other retail sale of food in specialized 
stores
—
—
—
—
—
—
73
—
G.47.30 Retail sale of automotive fuel in 
specialized stores
1
—
—
—
—
—
—
—
GAR SECTOR INFORMATION - TURNOVER
Breakdown by sector - NACE 4 digits level (code and 
label)
Climate Change Mitigation (CCM)
Climate Change Adaptation (CCA)
Water and marine resources (WTR)
Circular economy (CE)
Non-Financial corporates 
(Subject to NFRD)
SMEs and other NFC not 
subject to NFRD
Non-Financial corporates 
(Subject to NFRD)
SMEs and other NFC not 
subject to NFRD
Non-Financial corporates 
(Subject to NFRD)
SMEs and other NFC not 
subject to NFRD
Non-Financial corporates 
(Subject to NFRD)
SMEs and other NFC not 
subject to NFRD
[Gross] carrying amount
[Gross] carrying amount
[Gross] carrying amount
[Gross] carrying amount
[Gross] carrying amount
[Gross] carrying amount
[Gross] carrying amount
[Gross] carrying amount
Mn EUR
Of which 
environment
ally 
sustainable 
(CCM)
Mn EUR
Of which 
environment
ally 
sustainable 
(CCM)
Mn EUR
Of which 
environment
ally 
sustainable 
(CCA)
Mn EUR
Of which 
environment
ally 
sustainable 
(CCA)
Mn EUR
Of which 
environment
ally 
sustainable 
(WTR)
Mn EUR
Of which 
environment
ally 
sustainable 
(WTR)
Mn EUR
Of which 
environment
ally 
sustainable 
(CE)
Mn EUR
Of which 
environment
ally 
sustainable 
(CE)
Consolidated Management Report Consolidated Non-financial Information Statement
259
This English version is a translation of the original in Spanish for information purposes only. In case of a discrepancy, the Spanish original will prevail.

G.47.41 Retail sale of computers, peripheral 
units and software in specialized stores
—
—
—
—
—
—
1
—
G.47.42 Retail sale of telecommunications 
equipment in specialized stores
—
—
—
—
—
—
—
—
G.47.43 Retail sale of audio and video 
equipment in specialized stores
—
—
—
—
—
—
—
—
G.47.52 Retail sale of hardware, paints and 
glass in specialized stores
—
—
—
—
—
—
—
—
G.47.54 Retail sale of electrical household 
appliances in specialized stores
—
—
—
—
—
—
5
—
G.47.61 Retail sale of books in specialized 
stores
—
—
—
—
—
—
—
—
G.47.71 Retail sale of clothing in specialized 
stores
—
—
—
—
—
—
—
—
G.47.74 Retail sale of medical and orthopedic 
goods in specialized stores
—
—
—
—
—
—
54
—
G.47.75 Retail sale of cosmetic and toilet 
articles in specialized stores
—
—
—
—
—
—
—
—
G.47.78 Other retail sale of new goods in 
specialized stores
—
—
—
—
—
—
202
—
G.47.91 Retail sale via mail order houses or via 
Internet
—
—
—
—
—
—
—
—
G.47.99 Other retail sale not in stores, stalls or 
markets
—
—
—
—
—
—
—
—
H.49.10 Passenger rail transport, interurban
177
—
—
—
—
—
—
—
H.49.20 Freight rail transport
11
—
—
—
—
—
—
—
H.49.39 Other passenger land transport n.e.c.
1
—
—
—
—
—
—
—
H.49.41 Freight transport by road
10
—
—
—
—
—
6
—
H.49.50 Transport via pipeline
2
2
—
—
—
—
—
—
H.50.20 Sea and coastal freight water 
transport
25
8
—
—
—
—
—
—
H.51.10 Passenger air transport
—
—
—
—
—
—
—
—
H.51.21 Freight air transport
87
—
—
—
—
—
—
—
H.52.10 Warehousing and storage
—
—
—
—
—
—
—
—
GAR SECTOR INFORMATION - TURNOVER
Breakdown by sector - NACE 4 digits level (code and 
label)
Climate Change Mitigation (CCM)
Climate Change Adaptation (CCA)
Water and marine resources (WTR)
Circular economy (CE)
Non-Financial corporates 
(Subject to NFRD)
SMEs and other NFC not 
subject to NFRD
Non-Financial corporates 
(Subject to NFRD)
SMEs and other NFC not 
subject to NFRD
Non-Financial corporates 
(Subject to NFRD)
SMEs and other NFC not 
subject to NFRD
Non-Financial corporates 
(Subject to NFRD)
SMEs and other NFC not 
subject to NFRD
[Gross] carrying amount
[Gross] carrying amount
[Gross] carrying amount
[Gross] carrying amount
[Gross] carrying amount
[Gross] carrying amount
[Gross] carrying amount
[Gross] carrying amount
Mn EUR
Of which 
environment
ally 
sustainable 
(CCM)
Mn EUR
Of which 
environment
ally 
sustainable 
(CCM)
Mn EUR
Of which 
environment
ally 
sustainable 
(CCA)
Mn EUR
Of which 
environment
ally 
sustainable 
(CCA)
Mn EUR
Of which 
environment
ally 
sustainable 
(WTR)
Mn EUR
Of which 
environment
ally 
sustainable 
(WTR)
Mn EUR
Of which 
environment
ally 
sustainable 
(CE)
Mn EUR
Of which 
environment
ally 
sustainable 
(CE)
Consolidated Management Report Consolidated Non-financial Information Statement
260
This English version is a translation of the original in Spanish for information purposes only. In case of a discrepancy, the Spanish original will prevail.

H.52.21 Service activities incidental to land 
transportation
1
—
—
—
—
—
—
—
H.52.22 Service activities incidental to water 
transportation
—
—
—
—
—
—
—
—
H.52.23 Service activities incidental to air 
transportation
1
—
—
—
—
—
—
—
H.52.24 Cargo handling
1
1
—
—
—
—
—
—
H.52.29 Other transportation support 
activities
710
245
—
—
—
—
—
—
I.55.10 Hotels and similar accommodation
—
—
—
—
—
—
—
—
I.56.10 Restaurants and mobile food service 
activities
—
—
—
—
—
—
—
—
I.56.29 Other food service activities
—
—
—
—
—
—
—
—
J.58.11 Book publishing
—
—
—
—
—
—
—
—
J.58.13 Publishing of newspapers
—
—
—
—
—
—
—
—
J.58.14 Publishing of journals and periodicals
—
—
—
—
—
—
—
—
J.58.19 Other publishing activities
—
—
1
—
—
—
—
—
J.59.11 Motion picture, video and television 
programme production activities
—
—
—
—
—
—
—
—
J.60.20 Television programming and 
broadcasting activities
—
—
14
—
—
—
—
—
J.61.10 Wired telecommunications activities
30
9
2
—
—
—
274
—
J.61.20 Wireless telecommunications 
activities
1
—
1
—
—
—
473
—
J.61.30 Satellite telecommunications 
activities
—
—
—
—
—
—
—
—
J.61.90 Other telecommunications activities
57
—
1
—
—
—
1,168
—
J.62.01 Computer programming activities
23
—
—
—
—
—
—
—
J.62.02 Computer consultancy activities
30
—
—
—
—
—
—
—
J.62.09 Other information technology and 
computer service activities
5
1
—
—
—
—
3
—
J.63.11 Data processing, hosting and related 
activities
—
—
—
—
—
—
—
—
J.63.12 Web portals
—
—
—
—
—
—
—
—
GAR SECTOR INFORMATION - TURNOVER
Breakdown by sector - NACE 4 digits level (code and 
label)
Climate Change Mitigation (CCM)
Climate Change Adaptation (CCA)
Water and marine resources (WTR)
Circular economy (CE)
Non-Financial corporates 
(Subject to NFRD)
SMEs and other NFC not 
subject to NFRD
Non-Financial corporates 
(Subject to NFRD)
SMEs and other NFC not 
subject to NFRD
Non-Financial corporates 
(Subject to NFRD)
SMEs and other NFC not 
subject to NFRD
Non-Financial corporates 
(Subject to NFRD)
SMEs and other NFC not 
subject to NFRD
[Gross] carrying amount
[Gross] carrying amount
[Gross] carrying amount
[Gross] carrying amount
[Gross] carrying amount
[Gross] carrying amount
[Gross] carrying amount
[Gross] carrying amount
Mn EUR
Of which 
environment
ally 
sustainable 
(CCM)
Mn EUR
Of which 
environment
ally 
sustainable 
(CCM)
Mn EUR
Of which 
environment
ally 
sustainable 
(CCA)
Mn EUR
Of which 
environment
ally 
sustainable 
(CCA)
Mn EUR
Of which 
environment
ally 
sustainable 
(WTR)
Mn EUR
Of which 
environment
ally 
sustainable 
(WTR)
Mn EUR
Of which 
environment
ally 
sustainable 
(CE)
Mn EUR
Of which 
environment
ally 
sustainable 
(CE)
Consolidated Management Report Consolidated Non-financial Information Statement
261
This English version is a translation of the original in Spanish for information purposes only. In case of a discrepancy, the Spanish original will prevail.

K.64.19 Other monetary intermediation
—
—
—
—
—
—
—
—
K.64.20 Activities of holding companies
12
—
—
—
—
—
—
—
K.64.91 Financial leasing
233
44
—
—
—
—
120
—
K.64.99 Other financial service activities, 
except insurance and pension funding n.e.c.
36
8
—
—
—
—
—
—
K.65.12 Non-life insurance
—
—
—
—
—
—
—
—
K.66.19 Other activities auxiliary to financial 
services, except insurance and pension 
funding
2
—
—
—
—
—
—
—
L.68.10 Buying and selling of own real estate
—
—
—
—
—
—
—
—
L.68.20 Renting and operating of own or 
leased real estate
91
1
—
—
—
—
—
—
L.68.32 Management of real estate on a fee or 
contract basis
—
—
—
—
—
—
—
—
M.70.22 Business and other management 
consultancy activities
—
—
—
—
—
—
—
—
M.71.11 Architectural activities
—
—
—
—
—
—
—
—
M.71.12 Engineering activities and related 
technical consultancy
75
7
—
—
—
—
11
—
M.71.20 Technical testing and analysis
—
—
—
—
—
—
—
—
M.72.11 Research and experimental 
development on biotechnology
—
—
—
—
—
—
—
—
M.72.19 Other research and experimental 
development on natural sciences and 
engineering
—
—
—
—
—
—
—
—
M.73.11 Advertising agencies
—
—
—
—
—
—
—
—
M.73.20 Market research and public opinion 
polling
—
—
—
—
—
—
—
—
M.74.90 Other professional, scientific and 
technical activities n.e.c.
3
3
25
—
—
—
—
—
N.77.11 Renting and leasing of cars and light 
motor vehicles
68
1
—
—
—
—
—
—
N.78.10 Activities of employment placement 
agencies
—
—
—
—
—
—
—
—
GAR SECTOR INFORMATION - TURNOVER
Breakdown by sector - NACE 4 digits level (code and 
label)
Climate Change Mitigation (CCM)
Climate Change Adaptation (CCA)
Water and marine resources (WTR)
Circular economy (CE)
Non-Financial corporates 
(Subject to NFRD)
SMEs and other NFC not 
subject to NFRD
Non-Financial corporates 
(Subject to NFRD)
SMEs and other NFC not 
subject to NFRD
Non-Financial corporates 
(Subject to NFRD)
SMEs and other NFC not 
subject to NFRD
Non-Financial corporates 
(Subject to NFRD)
SMEs and other NFC not 
subject to NFRD
[Gross] carrying amount
[Gross] carrying amount
[Gross] carrying amount
[Gross] carrying amount
[Gross] carrying amount
[Gross] carrying amount
[Gross] carrying amount
[Gross] carrying amount
Mn EUR
Of which 
environment
ally 
sustainable 
(CCM)
Mn EUR
Of which 
environment
ally 
sustainable 
(CCM)
Mn EUR
Of which 
environment
ally 
sustainable 
(CCA)
Mn EUR
Of which 
environment
ally 
sustainable 
(CCA)
Mn EUR
Of which 
environment
ally 
sustainable 
(WTR)
Mn EUR
Of which 
environment
ally 
sustainable 
(WTR)
Mn EUR
Of which 
environment
ally 
sustainable 
(CE)
Mn EUR
Of which 
environment
ally 
sustainable 
(CE)
Consolidated Management Report Consolidated Non-financial Information Statement
262
This English version is a translation of the original in Spanish for information purposes only. In case of a discrepancy, the Spanish original will prevail.

N.79.11 Travel agency activities
—
—
—
—
—
—
—
—
N.80.10 Private security activities
—
—
—
—
—
—
—
—
N.80.20 Security systems service activities
—
—
224
—
—
—
—
—
N.81.10 Combined facilities support activities
9
1
—
—
—
—
—
—
N.81.21 General cleaning of buildings
—
—
—
—
—
—
—
—
N.81.29 Other cleaning activities
—
—
—
—
—
—
—
—
N.81.30 Landscape service activities
1
1
—
—
—
—
—
—
N.82.11 Combined office administrative 
service activities
—
—
—
—
—
—
—
—
N.82.20 Activities of call centers
—
—
—
—
—
—
—
—
N.82.91 Activities of collection agencies and 
credit bureaus
—
—
—
—
—
—
—
—
N.82.99 Other business support service 
activities n.e.c.
4
3
—
—
—
—
—
—
O.84.11 General public administration 
activities
—
—
1
—
—
—
—
—
P.85.59 Other education n.e.c.
—
—
—
—
—
—
—
—
Q.86.10 Hospital activities
1
1
1
—
—
—
—
—
Q.86.21 General medical practice activities
2
—
—
—
—
—
—
—
Q.86.22 Specialist medical practice activities
—
—
—
—
—
—
—
—
Q.86.90 Other human health activities
—
—
—
—
—
—
—
—
Q.87.10 Residential nursing care activities
—
—
56
—
—
—
—
—
Q.87.20 Residential care activities for mental 
retardation, mental health and substance 
abuse
—
—
—
—
—
—
—
—
Q.87.30 Residential care activities for the 
elderly and disabled
—
—
1
—
—
—
—
—
Q.87.90 Other residential care activities
2
—
—
—
—
—
—
—
R.90.01 Performing arts
—
—
—
—
—
—
—
—
R.93.12 Activities of sport clubs
—
—
—
—
—
—
—
—
R.93.21 Activities of amusement parks and 
theme parks
—
—
—
—
—
—
—
—
GAR SECTOR INFORMATION - TURNOVER
Breakdown by sector - NACE 4 digits level (code and 
label)
Climate Change Mitigation (CCM)
Climate Change Adaptation (CCA)
Water and marine resources (WTR)
Circular economy (CE)
Non-Financial corporates 
(Subject to NFRD)
SMEs and other NFC not 
subject to NFRD
Non-Financial corporates 
(Subject to NFRD)
SMEs and other NFC not 
subject to NFRD
Non-Financial corporates 
(Subject to NFRD)
SMEs and other NFC not 
subject to NFRD
Non-Financial corporates 
(Subject to NFRD)
SMEs and other NFC not 
subject to NFRD
[Gross] carrying amount
[Gross] carrying amount
[Gross] carrying amount
[Gross] carrying amount
[Gross] carrying amount
[Gross] carrying amount
[Gross] carrying amount
[Gross] carrying amount
Mn EUR
Of which 
environment
ally 
sustainable 
(CCM)
Mn EUR
Of which 
environment
ally 
sustainable 
(CCM)
Mn EUR
Of which 
environment
ally 
sustainable 
(CCA)
Mn EUR
Of which 
environment
ally 
sustainable 
(CCA)
Mn EUR
Of which 
environment
ally 
sustainable 
(WTR)
Mn EUR
Of which 
environment
ally 
sustainable 
(WTR)
Mn EUR
Of which 
environment
ally 
sustainable 
(CE)
Mn EUR
Of which 
environment
ally 
sustainable 
(CE)
Consolidated Management Report Consolidated Non-financial Information Statement
263
This English version is a translation of the original in Spanish for information purposes only. In case of a discrepancy, the Spanish original will prevail.

R.93.29 Other amusement and recreation 
activities
—
—
—
—
—
—
—
—
S.94.99 Activities of other membership 
organizations n.e.c.
—
—
—
—
—
—
—
—
S.95.11 Repair of computers and peripheral 
equipment
1
1
—
—
—
—
—
—
S.96.03 Funeral and related activities
—
—
—
—
—
—
—
—
S.96.09 Other personal service activities 
n.e.c.
—
—
—
—
—
—
—
—
1. The present information has been prepared in accordance with Commission Delegated Regulation (EU) 2021/2178, of July 6, 2021, which supplements Regulation (EU) 2020/852 of the European Parliament and of the Council by specifying the content and the presentation of information on 
environmentally sustainable economic activities
2. Customers' economic activities are classified as eligible or aligned in accordance with the Delegated Acts supplementing Regulation (EU) 2020/852 of the European Parliament and of the Council. Specifically, the economic activities covered by Delegated Regulations (EU) 2021/2139 on 
mitigation and adaptation to climate change have been taken into consideration.
3. Clients' economic activities are classified as eligible or aligned taking into account the modifications implemented by Commission Delegated Regulation (EU) 2022/1214 of March 9, 2022, which includes economic activities in certain energy sectors, and Commission Delegated Regulation (EU) 
2023/2485 of 27 June 2023 establishing additional technical criteria.
4. The information includes the BBVA Group total prudential balance. In terms of breakdown of environmental objectives, the most significant entities are included and correspond to 96% of the total asset. The financial assets analyzed correspond to the categories of financial instruments valued 
“At amortized cost”, “Fair Value with Changes in Other Comprehensive Income (FVOCI)”, “Fair Value with Changes in P&L” and “Non-negotiable at Fair Value with changes in result.
5. NFRD counterparties are those subject to Directive 2014/95/EU (the Non-Financial Reporting Directive or NFRD), such as large listed companies, banks and insurance companies, with more than 500 employees. BBVA identifies NFRD counterparties mainly in two ways: i) review of the 
registered office in a country of the European Union and ii) more than 500 employees. In the event that the previous criterion is not met and if the client belongs to a business group, the same review is carried out at the parent company level.
6. Eligibility information for NFRD counterparties is obtained through an external reference provider in the sector, which obtains EU taxonomy KPI information directly from their corporate reports, EINF or equivalent. In the case of NFRD clients for whom the information has not been provided 
through the previous means, the information from their corporate reports is captured by BBVA or the client's main activity is analyzed to establish their eligibility.
7. While exposures to governments and central banks are excluded from the GAR calculation symmetrically, from the numerator and denominator, financing to small and medium-sized enterprises that do not fall within the scope of the NFRD or financing outside EU (even if they meet the 
taxonomy criteria requirements) cannot qualify as aligned with the taxonomy. Furthermore, activities not covered by the EU taxonomy will be excluded from the numerator, but not from the denominator of GAR.
GAR SECTOR INFORMATION - TURNOVER
Breakdown by sector - NACE 4 digits level (code and 
label)
Climate Change Mitigation (CCM)
Climate Change Adaptation (CCA)
Water and marine resources (WTR)
Circular economy (CE)
Non-Financial corporates 
(Subject to NFRD)
SMEs and other NFC not 
subject to NFRD
Non-Financial corporates 
(Subject to NFRD)
SMEs and other NFC not 
subject to NFRD
Non-Financial corporates 
(Subject to NFRD)
SMEs and other NFC not 
subject to NFRD
Non-Financial corporates 
(Subject to NFRD)
SMEs and other NFC not 
subject to NFRD
[Gross] carrying amount
[Gross] carrying amount
[Gross] carrying amount
[Gross] carrying amount
[Gross] carrying amount
[Gross] carrying amount
[Gross] carrying amount
[Gross] carrying amount
Mn EUR
Of which 
environment
ally 
sustainable 
(CCM)
Mn EUR
Of which 
environment
ally 
sustainable 
(CCM)
Mn EUR
Of which 
environment
ally 
sustainable 
(CCA)
Mn EUR
Of which 
environment
ally 
sustainable 
(CCA)
Mn EUR
Of which 
environment
ally 
sustainable 
(WTR)
Mn EUR
Of which 
environment
ally 
sustainable 
(WTR)
Mn EUR
Of which 
environment
ally 
sustainable 
(CE)
Mn EUR
Of which 
environment
ally 
sustainable 
(CE)
Consolidated Management Report Consolidated Non-financial Information Statement
264
This English version is a translation of the original in Spanish for information purposes only. In case of a discrepancy, the Spanish original will prevail.

GAR SECTOR INFORMATION - TURNOVER
Breakdown by sector - NACE 4 digits level (code and 
label)
Pollution (PPC)
Biodiversity and Ecosystems (BIO)
TOTAL (CCM + CCA)
Non-Financial corporates 
(Subject to NFRD)
SMEs and other NFC not 
subject to NFRD
Non-Financial corporates  
(Subject to NFRD)
SMEs and other NFC not 
subject to NFRD
Non-Financial corporates (Subject to 
NFRD)
SMEs and other NFC not subject to 
NFRD
[Gross] carrying amount
[Gross] carrying amount
[Gross] carrying amount
[Gross] carrying amount
[Gross] carrying amount
[Gross] carrying amount
Mn EUR
Of which 
environment
ally 
sustainable 
(PPC)
Mn EUR
Of which 
environment
ally 
sustainable 
(PPC)
Mn EUR
Of which 
environment
ally 
sustainable 
(BIO)
Mn EUR
Of which 
environment
ally 
sustainable 
(BIO)
Mn EUR
Of which 
environmentally 
sustainable (CCM + 
CCA + WTR + CE + 
PPC + BIO)
Mn EUR
Of which 
environmentally 
sustainable (CCM + 
CCA + WTR + CE + 
PPC + BIO)
A.02.10 Silviculture and other forestry 
activities
—
—
—
—
—
—
B.06.10 Extraction of crude petroleum
—
—
—
—
1
—
B.08.11 Quarrying of ornamental and building 
stone, limestone, gypsum, chalk and slate
—
—
—
—
—
—
B.09.10 Support activities for petroleum and 
natural gas extraction
—
—
—
—
66
13
C.10.83 Processing of tea and coffee
—
—
—
—
—
—
C.10.89 Manufacture of other food products 
n.e.c.
—
—
—
—
—
—
C.11.02 Manufacture of wine from grape
—
—
—
—
—
—
C.11.04 Manufacture of other non-distilled 
fermented beverages
—
—
—
—
4
—
C.11.05 Manufacture of beer
—
—
—
—
9
—
C.11.07 Manufacture of soft drinks; production 
of mineral waters and other bottled waters
—
—
—
—
17
—
C.13.99 Manufacture of other textiles n.e.c.
—
—
—
—
4
—
C.15.20 Manufacture of footwear
—
—
—
—
—
—
C.16.10 Sawmilling and planing of wood
—
—
—
—
1
—
C.16.23 Manufacture of other builders'' 
carpentry and joinery
—
—
—
—
—
—
C.16.29 Manufacture of other products of 
wood; manufacture of articles of cork, straw 
and plaiting materials
—
—
—
—
1
—
C.17.11 Manufacture of pulp
—
—
—
—
34
14
C.17.12 Manufacture of paper and paperboard
—
—
—
—
—
—
C.17.21 Manufacture of corrugated paper and 
paperboard and of containers of paper and 
paperboard
—
—
—
—
1
1
C.17.29 Manufacture of other articles of paper 
and paperboard
—
—
—
—
—
—
C.18.11 Printing of newspapers
—
—
—
—
—
—
C.18.12 Other printing
—
—
—
—
—
—
Consolidated Management Report Consolidated Non-financial Information Statement
265
This English version is a translation of the original in Spanish for information purposes only. In case of a discrepancy, the Spanish original will prevail.

C.19.20 Manufacture of refined petroleum 
products
—
—
—
—
30
5
C.20.11 Manufacture of industrial gases
—
—
—
—
—
—
C.20.13 Manufacture of other inorganic basic 
chemicals
—
—
—
—
7
1
C.20.14 Manufacture of other organic basic 
chemicals
—
—
—
—
27
—
C.20.16 Manufacture of plastics in primary 
forms
—
—
—
—
8
—
C.20.17 Manufacture of synthetic rubber in 
primary forms
—
—
—
—
2
—
C.20.20 Manufacture of pesticides and other 
agrochemical products
18
—
—
—
18
—
C.20.52 Manufacture of glues
—
—
—
—
—
—
C.20.59 Manufacture of other chemical 
products n.e.c.
—
—
—
—
4
—
C.21.10 Manufacture of basic pharmaceutical 
products
26
—
—
—
26
—
C.21.20 Manufacture of pharmaceutical 
preparations
71
—
—
—
71
—
C.22.11 Manufacture of rubber tyres and tubes; 
retreading and rebuilding of rubber tyres
—
—
—
—
—
—
C.22.19 Manufacture of other rubber products
—
—
—
—
—
—
C.22.22 Manufacture of plastic packing goods
—
—
—
—
3
—
C.22.29 Manufacture of other plastic products
—
—
—
—
3
—
C.23.13 Manufacture of hollow glass
—
—
—
—
37
—
C.23.51 Manufacture of cement
—
—
—
—
17
—
C.23.61 Manufacture of concrete products for 
construction purposes
—
—
—
—
—
—
C.23.63 Manufacture of ready-mixed concrete
—
—
—
—
3
—
C.23.64 Manufacture of mortars
—
—
—
—
1
—
C.23.99 Manufacture of other non-metallic 
mineral products n.e.c.
—
—
—
—
1
—
C.24.10 Manufacture of basic iron and steel 
and of ferro-alloys
—
—
—
—
258
226
C.24.20 Manufacture of tubes, pipes, hollow 
profiles and related fittings, of steel
—
—
—
—
67
15
C.24.31 Cold drawing of bars
—
—
—
—
10
9
C.24.32 Cold rolling of narrow strip
—
—
—
—
4
—
C.24.34 Cold drawing of wire
—
—
—
—
—
—
C.24.42 Aluminium production
—
—
—
—
—
—
C.24.45 Other non-ferrous metal production
—
—
—
—
10
9
C.24.51 Casting of iron
—
—
—
—
—
—
Consolidated Management Report Consolidated Non-financial Information Statement
266
This English version is a translation of the original in Spanish for information purposes only. In case of a discrepancy, the Spanish original will prevail.

C.24.52 Casting of steel
—
—
—
—
6
5
C.24.54 Casting of other non-ferrous metals
—
—
—
—
—
—
C.25.11 Manufacture of metal structures and 
parts of structures
—
—
—
—
8
1
C.25.29 Manufacture of other tanks, reservoirs 
and containers of metal
—
—
—
—
—
—
C.25.50 Forging, pressing, stamping and roll-
forming of metal; powder metallurgy
—
—
—
—
1
—
C.25.62 Machining
—
—
—
—
—
—
C.25.73 Manufacture of tools
—
—
—
—
—
—
C.25.92 Manufacture of light metal packaging
—
—
—
—
—
—
C.25.93 Manufacture of wire products, chain 
and springs
—
—
—
—
—
—
C.25.99 Manufacture of other fabricated metal 
products n.e.c.
—
—
—
—
8
—
C.26.11 Manufacture of electronic components
—
—
—
—
7
—
C.26.30 Manufacture of communication 
equipment
—
—
—
—
1
—
C.26.51 Manufacture of instruments and 
appliances for measuring, testing and 
navigation
—
—
—
—
4
1
C.26.60 Manufacture of irradiation, 
electromedical and electrotherapeutic 
equipment
—
—
—
—
56
—
C.27.11 Manufacture of electric motors, 
generators and transformers
—
—
—
—
122
—
C.27.12 Manufacture of electricity distribution 
and control apparatus
—
—
—
—
1
—
C.27.20 Manufacture of batteries and 
accumulators
—
—
—
—
—
—
C.27.32 Manufacture of other electronic and 
electric wires and cables
—
—
—
—
19
1
C.27.33 Manufacture of wiring devices
—
—
—
—
17
5
C.27.40 Manufacture of electric lighting 
equipment
—
—
—
—
51
4
C.27.51 Manufacture of electric domestic 
appliances
—
—
—
—
151
1
C.27.52 Manufacture of non-electric domestic 
appliances
—
—
—
—
—
—
C.27.90 Manufacture of other electrical 
equipment
—
—
—
—
157
37
C.28.11 Manufacture of engines and turbines, 
except aircraft, vehicle and cycle engines
—
—
—
—
12
1
C.28.12 Manufacture of fluid power equipment
—
—
—
—
—
—
Consolidated Management Report Consolidated Non-financial Information Statement
267
This English version is a translation of the original in Spanish for information purposes only. In case of a discrepancy, the Spanish original will prevail.

C.28.14 Manufacture of other taps and valves
—
—
—
—
—
—
C.28.15 Manufacture of bearings, gears, 
gearing and driving elements
—
—
—
—
—
—
C.28.22 Manufacture of lifting and handling 
equipment
—
—
—
—
—
—
C.28.25 Manufacture of non-domestic cooling 
and ventilation equipment
—
—
—
—
—
—
C.28.29 Manufacture of other general-purpose 
machinery n.e.c.
—
—
—
—
109
—
C.28.49 Manufacture of other machine tools
—
—
—
—
—
—
C.28.91 Manufacture of machinery for 
metallurgy
—
—
—
—
—
—
C.28.99 Manufacture of other special-purpose 
machinery n.e.c.
—
—
—
—
52
—
C.29.10 Manufacture of motor vehicles
—
—
—
—
781
5
C.29.31 Manufacture of electrical and 
electronic equipment for motor vehicles
—
—
—
—
25
—
C.29.32 Manufacture of other parts and 
accessories for motor vehicles
—
—
—
—
81
1
C.30.11 Building of ships and floating 
structures
—
—
—
—
64
—
C.30.20 Manufacture of railway locomotives 
and rolling stock
—
—
—
—
214
46
C.30.30 Manufacture of air and spacecraft and 
related machinery
—
—
—
—
268
—
C.30.99 Manufacture of other transport 
equipment n.e.c.
—
—
—
—
140
—
C.32.50 Manufacture of medical and dental 
instruments and supplies
—
—
—
—
—
—
C.33.12 Repair of machinery
—
—
—
—
—
—
C.33.14 Repair of electrical equipment
—
—
—
—
—
—
C.33.15 Repair and maintenance of ships and 
boats
—
—
—
—
—
—
C.33.17 Repair and maintenance of other 
transport equipment
—
—
—
—
—
—
C.33.19 Repair of other equipment
—
—
—
—
—
—
C.33.20 Installation of industrial machinery 
and equipment
—
—
—
—
2
1
D.35.11 Production of electricity
—
—
—
—
1,316
241
D.35.12 Transmission of electricity
—
—
—
—
386
7
D.35.13 Distribution of electricity
—
—
—
—
179
97
D.35.14 Trade of electricity
—
—
—
—
33
29
D.35.21 Manufacture of gas
—
—
—
—
56
—
Consolidated Management Report Consolidated Non-financial Information Statement
268
This English version is a translation of the original in Spanish for information purposes only. In case of a discrepancy, the Spanish original will prevail.

D.35.22 Distribution of gaseous fuels through 
mains
—
—
—
—
142
93
D.35.23 Trade of gas through mains
—
—
—
—
18
10
E.36.00 Water collection, treatment and 
supply
—
—
—
—
18
14
E.37.00 Sewerage
—
—
—
—
—
—
E.38.11 Collection of non-hazardous waste
—
—
—
—
20
1
E.38.21 Treatment and disposal of non-
hazardous waste
—
—
—
—
24
2
E.38.31 Dismantling of wrecks
—
—
—
—
2
1
E.38.32 Recovery of sorted materials
—
—
—
—
24
14
E.39.00 Remediation activities and other 
waste management services
—
—
—
—
—
—
F.41.10 Development of building projects
—
—
—
—
59
8
F.41.20 Construction of residential and non-
residential buildings
—
—
—
—
45
25
F.42.11 Construction of roads and motorways
—
—
—
—
208
79
F.42.12 Construction of railways and 
underground railways
—
—
—
—
6
3
F.42.13 Construction of bridges and tunnels
—
—
—
—
1
—
F.42.21 Construction of utility projects for 
fluids
—
—
—
—
1
—
F.42.22 Construction of utility projects for 
electricity and telecommunications
—
—
—
—
3
1
F.42.91 Construction of water projects
—
—
—
—
1
—
F.42.99 Construction of other civil engineering 
projects n.e.c.
—
—
—
—
92
25
F.43.21 Electrical installation
—
—
—
—
58
33
F.43.22 Plumbing, heat and air conditioning 
installation
—
—
—
—
1
—
F.43.29 Other construction installation
—
—
—
—
11
—
F.43.32 Joinery installation
—
—
—
—
—
—
F.43.33 Floor and wall covering
—
—
—
—
—
—
F.43.39 Other building completion and 
finishing
—
—
—
—
—
—
F.43.99 Other specialized construction 
activities n.e.c.
—
—
—
—
89
53
G.45.11 Sale of cars and light motor vehicles
—
—
—
—
—
—
G.45.19 Sale of other motor vehicles
—
—
—
—
5
—
G.45.20 Maintenance and repair of motor 
vehicles
—
—
—
—
—
—
G.45.31 Wholesale trade of motor vehicle parts 
and accessories
—
—
—
—
1
1
Consolidated Management Report Consolidated Non-financial Information Statement
269
This English version is a translation of the original in Spanish for information purposes only. In case of a discrepancy, the Spanish original will prevail.

G.45.32 Retail trade of motor vehicle parts and 
accessories
—
—
—
—
2
1
G.46.12 Agents involved in the sale of fuels, 
ores, metals and industrial chemicals
—
—
—
—
—
—
G.46.14 Agents involved in the sale of 
machinery, industrial equipment, ships and 
aircraft
—
—
—
—
—
—
G.46.16 Agents involved in the sale of textiles, 
clothing, fur, footwear and leather goods
—
—
—
—
—
—
G.46.17 Agents involved in the sale of food, 
beverages and tobacco
—
—
—
—
—
—
G.46.19 Agents involved in the sale of a variety 
of goods
—
—
—
—
2
—
G.46.21 Wholesale of grain, unmanufactured 
tobacco, seeds and animal feeds
—
—
—
—
25
—
G.46.31 Wholesale of fruit and vegetables
—
—
—
—
—
—
G.46.33 Wholesale of dairy products, eggs and 
edible oils and fats
—
—
—
—
—
—
G.46.34 Wholesale of beverages
—
—
—
—
2
—
G.46.37 Wholesale of coffee, tea, cocoa and 
spices
—
—
—
—
50
—
G.46.39 Non-specialized wholesale of food, 
beverages and tobacco
—
—
—
—
147
—
G.46.42 Wholesale of clothing and footwear
—
—
—
—
43
—
G.46.43 Wholesale of electrical household 
appliances
—
—
—
—
—
—
G.46.46 Wholesale of pharmaceutical goods
1
—
—
—
1
—
G.46.49 Wholesale of other household goods
—
—
—
—
5
1
G.46.51 Wholesale of computers, computer 
peripheral equipment and software
—
—
—
—
1
—
G.46.52 Wholesale of electronic and 
telecommunications equipment and parts
—
—
—
—
52
12
G.46.69 Wholesale of other machinery and 
equipment
—
—
—
—
8
—
G.46.71 Wholesale of solid, liquid and gaseous 
fuels and related products
—
—
—
—
638
5
G.46.72 Wholesale of metals and metal ores
—
—
—
—
3
—
G.46.73 Wholesale of wood, construction 
materials and sanitary equipment
—
—
—
—
23
—
G.46.74 Wholesale of hardware, plumbing and 
heating equipment and supplies
—
—
—
—
2
—
G.46.75 Wholesale of chemical products
—
—
—
—
3
—
G.46.76 Wholesale of other intermediate 
products
—
—
—
—
—
—
Consolidated Management Report Consolidated Non-financial Information Statement
270
This English version is a translation of the original in Spanish for information purposes only. In case of a discrepancy, the Spanish original will prevail.

G.46.77 Wholesale of waste and scrap
—
—
—
—
2
—
G.46.90 Non-specialized wholesale trade
—
—
—
—
39
1
G.47.11 Retail sale in non-specialized stores 
with food, beverages or tobacco 
predominating
—
—
—
—
52
—
G.47.19 Other retail sale in non-specialized 
stores
—
—
—
—
59
1
G.47.23 Retail sale of fish, crustaceans and 
mollusks in specialized stores
—
—
—
—
—
—
G.47.29 Other retail sale of food in specialized 
stores
—
—
—
—
73
—
G.47.30 Retail sale of automotive fuel in 
specialized stores
—
—
—
—
1
—
G.47.41 Retail sale of computers, peripheral 
units and software in specialized stores
—
—
—
—
1
—
G.47.42 Retail sale of telecommunications 
equipment in specialized stores
—
—
—
—
—
—
G.47.43 Retail sale of audio and video 
equipment in specialized stores
—
—
—
—
—
—
G.47.52 Retail sale of hardware, paints and 
glass in specialized stores
—
—
—
—
—
—
G.47.54 Retail sale of electrical household 
appliances in specialized stores
—
—
—
—
5
—
G.47.61 Retail sale of books in specialized 
stores
—
—
—
—
—
—
G.47.71 Retail sale of clothing in specialized 
stores
—
—
—
—
—
—
G.47.74 Retail sale of medical and orthopedic 
goods in specialized stores
—
—
—
—
54
—
G.47.75 Retail sale of cosmetic and toilet 
articles in specialized stores
—
—
—
—
—
—
G.47.78 Other retail sale of new goods in 
specialized stores
—
—
—
—
202
—
G.47.91 Retail sale via mail order houses or via 
Internet
—
—
—
—
—
—
G.47.99 Other retail sale not in stores, stalls or 
markets
—
—
—
—
—
—
H.49.10 Passenger rail transport, interurban
—
—
—
—
177
—
H.49.20 Freight rail transport
—
—
—
—
11
—
H.49.39 Other passenger land transport n.e.c.
—
—
—
—
1
—
H.49.41 Freight transport by road
—
—
—
—
16
—
H.49.50 Transport via pipeline
—
—
—
—
2
2
H.50.20 Sea and coastal freight water 
transport
—
—
—
—
25
8
Consolidated Management Report Consolidated Non-financial Information Statement
271
This English version is a translation of the original in Spanish for information purposes only. In case of a discrepancy, the Spanish original will prevail.

H.51.10 Passenger air transport
—
—
—
—
—
—
H.51.21 Freight air transport
—
—
—
—
87
—
H.52.10 Warehousing and storage
—
—
—
—
—
—
H.52.21 Service activities incidental to land 
transportation
—
—
—
—
1
—
H.52.22 Service activities incidental to water 
transportation
—
—
—
—
—
—
H.52.23 Service activities incidental to air 
transportation
—
—
—
—
1
—
H.52.24 Cargo handling
—
—
—
—
1
1
H.52.29 Other transportation support activities
—
—
—
—
711
245
I.55.10 Hotels and similar accommodation
—
—
309
—
309
—
I.56.10 Restaurants and mobile food service 
activities
—
—
—
—
—
—
I.56.29 Other food service activities
—
—
—
—
—
—
J.58.11 Book publishing
—
—
—
—
—
—
J.58.13 Publishing of newspapers
—
—
—
—
—
—
J.58.14 Publishing of journals and periodicals
—
—
—
—
—
—
J.58.19 Other publishing activities
—
—
—
—
1
—
J.59.11 Motion picture, video and television 
programme production activities
—
—
—
—
—
—
J.60.20 Television programming and 
broadcasting activities
—
—
—
—
14
—
J.61.10 Wired telecommunications activities
—
—
—
—
306
9
J.61.20 Wireless telecommunications activities
—
—
—
—
474
—
J.61.30 Satellite telecommunications activities
—
—
—
—
—
—
J.61.90 Other telecommunications activities
—
—
—
—
1,227
—
J.62.01 Computer programming activities
—
—
—
—
23
—
J.62.02 Computer consultancy activities
—
—
—
—
30
—
J.62.09 Other information technology and 
computer service activities
—
—
—
—
8
1
J.63.11 Data processing, hosting and related 
activities
—
—
—
—
—
—
J.63.12 Web portals
—
—
—
—
—
—
K.64.19 Other monetary intermediation
—
—
—
—
—
—
K.64.20 Activities of holding companies
—
—
—
—
12
—
K.64.91 Financial leasing
—
—
—
—
353
44
K.64.99 Other financial service activities, 
except insurance and pension funding n.e.c.
—
—
—
—
36
8
K.65.12 Non-life insurance
—
—
—
—
—
—
K.66.19 Other activities auxiliary to financial 
services, except insurance and pension 
funding
—
—
—
—
2
—
Consolidated Management Report Consolidated Non-financial Information Statement
272
This English version is a translation of the original in Spanish for information purposes only. In case of a discrepancy, the Spanish original will prevail.

L.68.10 Buying and selling of own real estate
—
—
—
—
—
—
L.68.20 Renting and operating of own or 
leased real estate
1
—
—
—
92
1
L.68.32 Management of real estate on a fee or 
contract basis
—
—
—
—
—
—
M.70.22 Business and other management 
consultancy activities
—
—
—
—
—
—
M.71.11 Architectural activities
—
—
—
—
—
—
M.71.12 Engineering activities and related 
technical consultancy
—
—
—
—
86
7
M.71.20 Technical testing and analysis
—
—
—
—
—
—
M.72.11 Research and experimental 
development on biotechnology
—
—
—
—
—
—
M.72.19 Other research and experimental 
development on natural sciences and 
engineering
—
—
—
—
—
—
M.73.11 Advertising agencies
—
—
—
—
—
—
M.73.20 Market research and public opinion 
polling
—
—
—
—
—
—
M.74.90 Other professional, scientific and 
technical activities n.e.c.
—
—
—
—
29
3
N.77.11 Renting and leasing of cars and light 
motor vehicles
—
—
—
—
68
1
N.78.10 Activities of employment placement 
agencies
—
—
—
—
—
—
N.79.11 Travel agency activities
—
—
—
—
—
—
N.80.10 Private security activities
—
—
—
—
—
—
N.80.20 Security systems service activities
—
—
—
—
224
—
N.81.10 Combined facilities support activities
—
—
—
—
9
1
N.81.21 General cleaning of buildings
—
—
—
—
—
—
N.81.29 Other cleaning activities
—
—
—
—
—
—
N.81.30 Landscape service activities
—
—
—
—
1
1
N.82.11 Combined office administrative service 
activities
—
—
—
—
—
—
N.82.20 Activities of call centers
—
—
—
—
—
—
N.82.91 Activities of collection agencies and 
credit bureaus
—
—
—
—
—
—
N.82.99 Other business support service 
activities n.e.c.
—
—
—
—
4
3
O.84.11 General public administration activities
—
—
—
—
1
—
P.85.59 Other education n.e.c.
—
—
—
—
—
—
Q.86.10 Hospital activities
—
—
—
—
2
1
Q.86.21 General medical practice activities
—
—
—
—
2
—
Consolidated Management Report Consolidated Non-financial Information Statement
273
This English version is a translation of the original in Spanish for information purposes only. In case of a discrepancy, the Spanish original will prevail.

Q.86.22 Specialist medical practice activities
—
—
—
—
—
—
Q.86.90 Other human health activities
1
—
—
—
1
—
Q.87.10 Residential nursing care activities
—
—
—
—
56
—
Q.87.20 Residential care activities for mental 
retardation, mental health and substance 
abuse
—
—
—
—
—
—
Q.87.30 Residential care activities for the 
elderly and disabled
—
—
—
—
1
—
Q.87.90 Other residential care activities
—
—
—
—
2
—
R.90.01 Performing arts
—
—
—
—
—
—
R.93.12 Activities of sport clubs
—
—
—
—
—
—
R.93.21 Activities of amusement parks and 
theme parks
—
—
—
—
—
—
R.93.29 Other amusement and recreation 
activities
—
—
—
—
—
—
S.94.99 Activities of other membership 
organizations n.e.c.
—
—
—
—
—
—
S.95.11 Repair of computers and peripheral 
equipment
—
—
—
—
1
1
S.96.03 Funeral and related activities
—
—
—
—
—
—
S.96.09 Other personal service activities n.e.c.
—
—
—
—
—
—
1. The present information has been prepared in accordance with Commission Delegated Regulation (EU) 2021/2178, of July 6, 2021, which supplements Regulation (EU) 2020/852 of the European Parliament and of the Council by specifying the content 
and the presentation of information on environmentally sustainable economic activities
2. Customers' economic activities are classified as eligible or aligned in accordance with the Delegated Acts supplementing Regulation (EU) 2020/852 of the European Parliament and of the Council. Specifically, the economic activities covered by 
Delegated Regulations (EU) 2021/2139 on mitigation and adaptation to climate change have been taken into consideration.
3. Clients' economic activities are classified as eligible or aligned taking into account the modifications implemented by Commission Delegated Regulation (EU) 2022/1214 of March 9, 2022, which includes economic activities in certain energy sectors, and 
Commission Delegated Regulation (EU) 2023/2485 of 27 June 2023 establishing additional technical criteria.
4. The information includes the BBVA Group total prudential balance. In terms of breakdown of environmental objectives, the most significant entities are included and correspond to 96% of the total assets. The financial assets analyzed correspond to the 
categories of financial instruments valued “At amortized cost”, “Fair Value with Changes in Other Comprehensive Income (FVOCI)”, “Fair Value with Changes in P&L” and “Non-negotiable at Fair Value with changes in result.
5. NFRD counterparties are those subject to Directive 2014/95/EU (the Non-Financial Reporting Directive or NFRD), such as large listed companies, banks and insurance companies, with more than 500 employees. BBVA identifies NFRD counterparties 
mainly in two ways: i) review of the registered office in a country of the European Union and ii) more than 500 employees. In the event that the previous criterion is not met and if the client belongs to a business group, the same review is carried out at the 
parent company level.
6. Eligibility information for NFRD counterparties is obtained through an external reference provider in the sector, which obtains EU taxonomy KPI information directly from their corporate reports, EINF or equivalent. In the case of NFRD clients for whom 
the information has not been provided through the previous means, the information from their corporate reports is captured by BBVA or the client's main activity is analyzed to establish their eligibility.
7. While exposures to governments and central banks are excluded from the GAR calculation symmetrically, from the numerator and denominator, financing to small and medium-sized enterprises that do not fall within the scope of the NFRD or financing 
outside EU (even if they meet the taxonomy criteria requirements) cannot qualify as aligned with the taxonomy. Furthermore, activities not covered by the EU taxonomy will be excluded from the numerator, but not from the denominator of GAR.
Consolidated Management Report Consolidated Non-financial Information Statement
274
This English version is a translation of the original in Spanish for information purposes only. In case of a discrepancy, the Spanish original will prevail.

A.01.21 Growing of grapes
1
—
—
—
—
—
—
—
A.01.61 Support activities for crop production
—
—
—
—
—
—
—
—
A.02.10 Silviculture and other forestry activities
—
—
—
—
—
—
—
—
B.06.10 Extraction of crude petroleum
3
3
—
—
—
—
—
—
B.08.11 Quarrying of ornamental and building stone, 
limestone, gypsum, chalk and slate
—
—
—
—
—
—
—
—
B.09.10 Support activities for petroleum and natural 
gas extraction
33
11
—
—
—
—
—
—
C.10.61 Manufacture of grain mill products
—
—
—
—
—
—
—
—
C.10.83 Processing of tea and coffee
—
—
—
—
—
—
—
—
C.10.85 Manufacture of prepared meals and dishes
—
—
—
—
—
—
—
—
C.10.89 Manufacture of other food products n.e.c.
—
—
—
—
—
—
—
—
C.11.01 Distilling, rectifying and blending of spirits
—
—
—
—
—
—
—
—
C.11.02 Manufacture of wine from grape
4
1
—
—
—
—
—
—
C.11.04 Manufacture of other non-distilled fermented 
beverages
—
—
—
—
—
—
4
—
C.11.05 Manufacture of beer
—
—
—
—
—
—
9
—
C.11.07 Manufacture of soft drinks; production of 
mineral waters and other bottled waters
—
—
—
—
—
—
17
—
C.13.99 Manufacture of other textiles n.e.c.
—
—
—
—
—
—
4
—
C.14.13 Manufacture of other outerwear
—
—
—
—
—
—
—
—
C.15.11 Tanning and dressing of leather; dressing and 
dyeing of fur
2
—
—
—
—
—
—
—
C.15.12 Manufacture of luggage, handbags and the like, 
saddlery and harness
—
—
—
—
—
—
—
—
C.15.20 Manufacture of footwear
—
—
—
—
—
—
—
—
C.16.10 Sawmilling and planing of wood
1
—
—
—
—
—
—
—
C.16.23 Manufacture of other builders'' carpentry and 
joinery
—
—
—
—
—
—
—
—
C.16.29 Manufacture of other products of wood; 
manufacture of articles of cork, straw and plaiting 
materials
2
1
—
—
—
—
—
—
C.17.11 Manufacture of pulp
30
27
—
—
—
—
29
—
GAR SECTOR INFORMATION - CAPEX
Breakdown by sector - NACE 4 digits level (code and 
label)
Climate Change Mitigation (CCM)
Climate Change Adaptation (CCA)
Water and marine resources (WTR)
Circular economy (CE)
Non-Financial corporates 
(Subject to NFRD)
SMEs and other NFC not 
subject to NFRD
Non-Financial corporates 
(Subject to NFRD)
SMEs and other NFC not 
subject to NFRD
Non-Financial corporates 
(Subject to NFRD)
SMEs and other NFC not 
subject to NFRD
Non-Financial corporates 
(Subject to NFRD)
SMEs and other NFC not 
subject to NFRD
[Gross] carrying amount
[Gross] carrying amount
[Gross] carrying amount
[Gross] carrying amount
[Gross] carrying amount
[Gross] carrying amount
[Gross] carrying amount
[Gross] carrying amount
Mn EUR
Of which 
environment
ally 
sustainable 
(CCM)
Mn EUR
Of which 
environment
ally 
sustainable 
(CCM)
Mn EUR
Of which 
environment
ally 
sustainable 
(CCA)
Mn EUR
Of which 
environment
ally 
sustainable 
(CCA)
Mn EUR
Of which 
environment
ally 
sustainable 
(WTR)
Mn EUR
Of which 
environment
ally 
sustainable 
(WTR)
Mn EUR
Of which 
environment
ally 
sustainable 
(CE)
Mn EUR
Of which 
environment
ally 
sustainable 
(CE)
Consolidated Management Report Consolidated Non-financial Information Statement
275
This English version is a translation of the original in Spanish for information purposes only. In case of a discrepancy, the Spanish original will prevail.

C.17.12 Manufacture of paper and paperboard
1
—
—
—
—
—
—
—
C.17.21 Manufacture of corrugated paper and 
paperboard and of containers of paper and paperboard
22
22
—
—
—
—
—
—
C.17.29 Manufacture of other articles of paper and 
paperboard
—
—
—
—
—
—
—
—
C.18.11 Printing of newspapers
—
—
—
—
—
—
—
—
C.18.12 Other printing
—
—
—
—
—
—
—
—
C.19.20 Manufacture of refined petroleum products
160
133
—
—
—
—
1
—
C.20.11 Manufacture of industrial gases
—
—
—
—
—
—
—
—
C.20.12 Manufacture of dyes and pigments
—
—
—
—
—
—
—
—
C.20.13 Manufacture of other inorganic basic 
chemicals
5
4
—
—
—
—
—
—
C.20.14 Manufacture of other organic basic chemicals
28
—
—
—
—
—
—
—
C.20.16 Manufacture of plastics in primary forms
12
5
—
—
—
—
—
—
C.20.17 Manufacture of synthetic rubber in primary 
forms
11
9
—
—
—
—
—
—
C.20.20 Manufacture of pesticides and other 
agrochemical products
1
—
—
—
—
—
—
—
C.20.41 Manufacture of soap and detergents, cleaning 
and polishing preparations
2
—
—
—
—
—
—
—
C.20.42 Manufacture of perfumes and toilet 
preparations
—
—
—
—
—
—
—
—
C.20.51 Manufacture of explosives
—
—
—
—
—
—
—
—
C.20.59 Manufacture of other chemical products n.e.c.
7
1
—
—
—
—
—
—
C.21.10 Manufacture of basic pharmaceutical products
1
—
—
—
—
—
—
—
C.21.20 Manufacture of pharmaceutical preparations
1
—
—
—
—
—
—
—
C.22.11 Manufacture of rubber tyres and tubes; 
retreading and rebuilding of rubber tyres
—
—
—
—
—
—
—
—
C.22.19 Manufacture of other rubber products
—
—
—
—
—
—
—
—
C.22.22 Manufacture of plastic packing goods
3
—
—
—
—
—
—
—
C.22.29 Manufacture of other plastic products
4
—
—
—
—
—
—
—
C.23.13 Manufacture of hollow glass
9
1
—
—
—
—
16
—
C.23.19 Manufacture and processing of other glass, 
including technical glassware
—
—
—
—
—
—
—
—
C.23.51 Manufacture of cement
17
—
—
—
—
—
—
—
GAR SECTOR INFORMATION - CAPEX
Breakdown by sector - NACE 4 digits level (code and 
label)
Climate Change Mitigation (CCM)
Climate Change Adaptation (CCA)
Water and marine resources (WTR)
Circular economy (CE)
Non-Financial corporates 
(Subject to NFRD)
SMEs and other NFC not 
subject to NFRD
Non-Financial corporates 
(Subject to NFRD)
SMEs and other NFC not 
subject to NFRD
Non-Financial corporates 
(Subject to NFRD)
SMEs and other NFC not 
subject to NFRD
Non-Financial corporates 
(Subject to NFRD)
SMEs and other NFC not 
subject to NFRD
[Gross] carrying amount
[Gross] carrying amount
[Gross] carrying amount
[Gross] carrying amount
[Gross] carrying amount
[Gross] carrying amount
[Gross] carrying amount
[Gross] carrying amount
Mn EUR
Of which 
environment
ally 
sustainable 
(CCM)
Mn EUR
Of which 
environment
ally 
sustainable 
(CCM)
Mn EUR
Of which 
environment
ally 
sustainable 
(CCA)
Mn EUR
Of which 
environment
ally 
sustainable 
(CCA)
Mn EUR
Of which 
environment
ally 
sustainable 
(WTR)
Mn EUR
Of which 
environment
ally 
sustainable 
(WTR)
Mn EUR
Of which 
environment
ally 
sustainable 
(CE)
Mn EUR
Of which 
environment
ally 
sustainable 
(CE)
Consolidated Management Report Consolidated Non-financial Information Statement
276
This English version is a translation of the original in Spanish for information purposes only. In case of a discrepancy, the Spanish original will prevail.

C.23.61 Manufacture of concrete products for 
construction purposes
—
—
—
—
—
—
—
—
C.23.63 Manufacture of ready-mixed concrete
3
—
—
—
—
—
—
—
C.23.64 Manufacture of mortars
1
—
—
—
—
—
—
—
C.23.99 Manufacture of other non-metallic mineral 
products n.e.c.
—
—
—
—
—
—
—
—
C.24.10 Manufacture of basic iron and steel and of 
ferro-alloys
251
245
—
—
—
—
5
—
C.24.20 Manufacture of tubes, pipes, hollow profiles 
and related fittings, of steel
15
15
—
—
—
—
53
—
C.24.31 Cold drawing of bars
10
10
—
—
—
—
—
—
C.24.32 Cold rolling of narrow strip
1
—
—
—
—
—
4
—
C.24.34 Cold drawing of wire
—
—
—
—
—
—
—
—
C.24.42 Aluminium production
—
—
—
—
—
—
—
—
C.24.45 Other non-ferrous metal production
10
9
—
—
—
—
—
—
C.24.51 Casting of iron
—
—
—
—
—
—
—
—
C.24.52 Casting of steel
6
6
—
—
—
—
—
—
C.25.11 Manufacture of metal structures and parts of 
structures
7
—
—
—
—
—
—
—
C.25.29 Manufacture of other tanks, reservoirs and 
containers of metal
—
—
—
—
—
—
—
—
C.25.50 Forging, pressing, stamping and roll-forming 
of metal; powder metallurgy
1
—
—
—
—
—
—
—
C.25.93 Manufacture of wire products, chain and 
springs
—
—
—
—
—
—
—
—
C.25.99 Manufacture of other fabricated metal 
products n.e.c.
8
—
—
—
—
—
—
—
C.26.11 Manufacture of electronic components
7
—
—
—
—
—
—
—
C.26.30 Manufacture of communication equipment
1
—
—
—
—
—
—
—
C.26.51 Manufacture of instruments and appliances for 
measuring, testing and navigation
1
1
—
—
—
—
3
—
C.26.60 Manufacture of irradiation, electromedical and 
electrotherapeutic equipment
56
—
—
—
—
—
—
—
C.27.11 Manufacture of electric motors, generators and 
transformers
122
—
—
—
—
—
—
—
C.27.12 Manufacture of electricity distribution and 
control apparatus
1
—
—
—
—
—
—
—
GAR SECTOR INFORMATION - CAPEX
Breakdown by sector - NACE 4 digits level (code and 
label)
Climate Change Mitigation (CCM)
Climate Change Adaptation (CCA)
Water and marine resources (WTR)
Circular economy (CE)
Non-Financial corporates 
(Subject to NFRD)
SMEs and other NFC not 
subject to NFRD
Non-Financial corporates 
(Subject to NFRD)
SMEs and other NFC not 
subject to NFRD
Non-Financial corporates 
(Subject to NFRD)
SMEs and other NFC not 
subject to NFRD
Non-Financial corporates 
(Subject to NFRD)
SMEs and other NFC not 
subject to NFRD
[Gross] carrying amount
[Gross] carrying amount
[Gross] carrying amount
[Gross] carrying amount
[Gross] carrying amount
[Gross] carrying amount
[Gross] carrying amount
[Gross] carrying amount
Mn EUR
Of which 
environment
ally 
sustainable 
(CCM)
Mn EUR
Of which 
environment
ally 
sustainable 
(CCM)
Mn EUR
Of which 
environment
ally 
sustainable 
(CCA)
Mn EUR
Of which 
environment
ally 
sustainable 
(CCA)
Mn EUR
Of which 
environment
ally 
sustainable 
(WTR)
Mn EUR
Of which 
environment
ally 
sustainable 
(WTR)
Mn EUR
Of which 
environment
ally 
sustainable 
(CE)
Mn EUR
Of which 
environment
ally 
sustainable 
(CE)
Consolidated Management Report Consolidated Non-financial Information Statement
277
This English version is a translation of the original in Spanish for information purposes only. In case of a discrepancy, the Spanish original will prevail.

C.27.20 Manufacture of batteries and accumulators
2
2
—
—
—
—
—
—
C.27.32 Manufacture of other electronic and electric 
wires and cables
20
2
—
—
—
—
—
—
C.27.33 Manufacture of wiring devices
12
6
—
—
—
—
4
—
C.27.40 Manufacture of electric lighting equipment
44
4
—
—
—
—
7
—
C.27.51 Manufacture of electric domestic appliances
150
2
—
—
—
—
—
—
C.27.52 Manufacture of non-electric domestic 
appliances
—
—
—
—
—
—
—
—
C.27.90 Manufacture of other electrical equipment
125
45
—
—
—
—
27
—
C.28.11 Manufacture of engines and turbines, except 
aircraft, vehicle and cycle engines
12
1
—
—
—
—
—
—
C.28.12 Manufacture of fluid power equipment
—
—
—
—
—
—
—
—
C.28.14 Manufacture of other taps and valves
—
—
—
—
—
—
—
—
C.28.15 Manufacture of bearings, gears, gearing and 
driving elements
—
—
—
—
—
—
—
—
C.28.22 Manufacture of lifting and handling equipment
—
—
—
—
—
—
—
—
C.28.25 Manufacture of non-domestic cooling and 
ventilation equipment
—
—
—
—
—
—
—
—
C.28.29 Manufacture of other general-purpose 
machinery n.e.c.
109
—
—
—
—
—
—
—
C.28.49 Manufacture of other machine tools
—
—
—
—
—
—
—
—
C.28.91 Manufacture of machinery for metallurgy
—
—
—
—
—
—
—
—
C.28.99 Manufacture of other special-purpose 
machinery n.e.c.
52
—
—
—
—
—
—
—
C.29.10 Manufacture of motor vehicles
260
34
—
—
—
—
530
—
C.29.31 Manufacture of electrical and electronic 
equipment for motor vehicles
—
—
—
—
—
—
25
—
C.29.32 Manufacture of other parts and accessories 
for motor vehicles
27
1
—
—
—
—
51
—
C.30.11 Building of ships and floating structures
64
—
—
—
—
—
—
—
C.30.20 Manufacture of railway locomotives and 
rolling stock
208
39
—
—
—
—
—
—
C.30.30 Manufacture of air and spacecraft and related 
machinery
268
—
—
—
—
—
—
—
C.30.99 Manufacture of other transport equipment 
n.e.c.
140
—
—
—
—
—
—
—
GAR SECTOR INFORMATION - CAPEX
Breakdown by sector - NACE 4 digits level (code and 
label)
Climate Change Mitigation (CCM)
Climate Change Adaptation (CCA)
Water and marine resources (WTR)
Circular economy (CE)
Non-Financial corporates 
(Subject to NFRD)
SMEs and other NFC not 
subject to NFRD
Non-Financial corporates 
(Subject to NFRD)
SMEs and other NFC not 
subject to NFRD
Non-Financial corporates 
(Subject to NFRD)
SMEs and other NFC not 
subject to NFRD
Non-Financial corporates 
(Subject to NFRD)
SMEs and other NFC not 
subject to NFRD
[Gross] carrying amount
[Gross] carrying amount
[Gross] carrying amount
[Gross] carrying amount
[Gross] carrying amount
[Gross] carrying amount
[Gross] carrying amount
[Gross] carrying amount
Mn EUR
Of which 
environment
ally 
sustainable 
(CCM)
Mn EUR
Of which 
environment
ally 
sustainable 
(CCM)
Mn EUR
Of which 
environment
ally 
sustainable 
(CCA)
Mn EUR
Of which 
environment
ally 
sustainable 
(CCA)
Mn EUR
Of which 
environment
ally 
sustainable 
(WTR)
Mn EUR
Of which 
environment
ally 
sustainable 
(WTR)
Mn EUR
Of which 
environment
ally 
sustainable 
(CE)
Mn EUR
Of which 
environment
ally 
sustainable 
(CE)
Consolidated Management Report Consolidated Non-financial Information Statement
278
This English version is a translation of the original in Spanish for information purposes only. In case of a discrepancy, the Spanish original will prevail.

C.32.13 Manufacture of imitation jewelry and related 
articles
4
—
—
—
—
—
—
—
C.32.30 Manufacture of sports goods
—
—
—
—
—
—
—
—
C.32.50 Manufacture of medical and dental 
instruments and supplies
—
—
—
—
—
—
—
—
C.33.12 Repair of machinery
—
—
—
—
—
—
—
—
C.33.14 Repair of electrical equipment
—
—
—
—
—
—
—
—
C.33.15 Repair and maintenance of ships and boats
—
—
—
—
—
—
—
—
C.33.17 Repair and maintenance of other transport 
equipment
—
—
—
—
—
—
—
—
C.33.19 Repair of other equipment
—
—
—
—
—
—
—
—
C.33.20 Installation of industrial machinery and 
equipment
2
1
—
—
—
—
—
—
D.35.11 Production of electricity
1,522
511
—
—
—
—
—
—
D.35.12 Transmission of electricity
401
23
—
—
—
—
—
—
D.35.13 Distribution of electricity
256
202
—
—
1
—
—
—
D.35.14 Trade of electricity
77
74
—
—
—
—
—
—
D.35.21 Manufacture of gas
56
—
—
—
—
—
—
—
D.35.22 Distribution of gaseous fuels through mains
333
313
—
—
—
—
—
—
D.35.23 Trade of gas through mains
52
49
—
—
—
—
—
—
E.36.00 Water collection, treatment and supply
19
18
—
—
—
—
—
—
E.37.00 Sewerage
—
—
—
—
—
—
—
—
E.38.11 Collection of non-hazardous waste
20
2
—
—
—
—
—
—
E.38.21 Treatment and disposal of non-hazardous 
waste
24
2
—
—
—
—
—
—
E.38.31 Dismantling of wrecks
1
—
—
—
—
—
—
—
E.38.32 Recovery of sorted materials
17
13
—
—
—
—
5
—
E.39.00 Remediation activities and other waste 
management services
—
—
—
—
—
—
—
—
F.41.10 Development of building projects
58
10
—
—
—
—
—
—
F.41.20 Construction of residential and non-residential 
buildings
38
22
1
—
—
—
1
—
F.42.11 Construction of roads and motorways
152
79
2
—
2
—
4
—
F.42.12 Construction of railways and underground 
railways
5
3
—
—
—
—
—
—
GAR SECTOR INFORMATION - CAPEX
Breakdown by sector - NACE 4 digits level (code and 
label)
Climate Change Mitigation (CCM)
Climate Change Adaptation (CCA)
Water and marine resources (WTR)
Circular economy (CE)
Non-Financial corporates 
(Subject to NFRD)
SMEs and other NFC not 
subject to NFRD
Non-Financial corporates 
(Subject to NFRD)
SMEs and other NFC not 
subject to NFRD
Non-Financial corporates 
(Subject to NFRD)
SMEs and other NFC not 
subject to NFRD
Non-Financial corporates 
(Subject to NFRD)
SMEs and other NFC not 
subject to NFRD
[Gross] carrying amount
[Gross] carrying amount
[Gross] carrying amount
[Gross] carrying amount
[Gross] carrying amount
[Gross] carrying amount
[Gross] carrying amount
[Gross] carrying amount
Mn EUR
Of which 
environment
ally 
sustainable 
(CCM)
Mn EUR
Of which 
environment
ally 
sustainable 
(CCM)
Mn EUR
Of which 
environment
ally 
sustainable 
(CCA)
Mn EUR
Of which 
environment
ally 
sustainable 
(CCA)
Mn EUR
Of which 
environment
ally 
sustainable 
(WTR)
Mn EUR
Of which 
environment
ally 
sustainable 
(WTR)
Mn EUR
Of which 
environment
ally 
sustainable 
(CE)
Mn EUR
Of which 
environment
ally 
sustainable 
(CE)
Consolidated Management Report Consolidated Non-financial Information Statement
279
This English version is a translation of the original in Spanish for information purposes only. In case of a discrepancy, the Spanish original will prevail.

F.42.13 Construction of bridges and tunnels
1
—
—
—
—
—
—
—
F.42.21 Construction of utility projects for fluids
1
—
—
—
—
—
—
—
F.42.22 Construction of utility projects for electricity 
and telecommunications
3
1
—
—
—
—
—
—
F.42.91 Construction of water projects
1
—
—
—
—
—
—
—
F.42.99 Construction of other civil engineering projects 
n.e.c.
63
27
—
—
—
—
1
—
F.43.21 Electrical installation
58
40
—
—
—
—
2
—
F.43.22 Plumbing, heat and air conditioning installation
1
—
—
—
—
—
—
—
F.43.29 Other construction installation
11
—
—
—
—
—
—
—
F.43.32 Joinery installation
—
—
—
—
—
—
—
—
F.43.33 Floor and wall covering
—
—
—
—
—
—
—
—
F.43.39 Other building completion and finishing
—
—
—
—
—
—
—
—
F.43.99 Other specialised construction activities n.e.c.
85
61
2
—
—
—
3
—
G.45.11 Sale of cars and light motor vehicles
—
—
—
—
—
—
—
—
G.45.19 Sale of other motor vehicles
4
—
—
—
—
—
1
—
G.45.20 Maintenance and repair of motor vehicles
—
—
—
—
—
—
—
—
G.45.31 Wholesale trade of motor vehicle parts and 
accessories
1
1
—
—
—
—
—
—
G.45.32 Retail trade of motor vehicle parts and 
accessories
2
1
—
—
—
—
—
—
G.46.12 Agents involved in the sale of fuels, ores, 
metals and industrial chemicals
—
—
—
—
—
—
—
—
G.46.16 Agents involved in the sale of textiles, clothing, 
fur, footwear and leather goods
—
—
—
—
—
—
—
—
G.46.17 Agents involved in the sale of food, beverages 
and tobacco
1
—
—
—
—
—
—
—
G.46.19 Agents involved in the sale of a variety of 
goods
—
—
—
—
—
—
2
—
G.46.21 Wholesale of grain, unmanufactured tobacco, 
seeds and animal feeds
—
—
—
—
—
—
25
—
G.46.31 Wholesale of fruit and vegetables
—
—
—
—
—
—
—
—
G.46.33 Wholesale of dairy products, eggs and edible 
oils and fats
—
—
—
—
—
—
—
—
G.46.34 Wholesale of beverages
—
—
—
—
—
—
2
—
G.46.37 Wholesale of coffee, tea, cocoa and spices
—
—
—
—
—
—
50
—
GAR SECTOR INFORMATION - CAPEX
Breakdown by sector - NACE 4 digits level (code and 
label)
Climate Change Mitigation (CCM)
Climate Change Adaptation (CCA)
Water and marine resources (WTR)
Circular economy (CE)
Non-Financial corporates 
(Subject to NFRD)
SMEs and other NFC not 
subject to NFRD
Non-Financial corporates 
(Subject to NFRD)
SMEs and other NFC not 
subject to NFRD
Non-Financial corporates 
(Subject to NFRD)
SMEs and other NFC not 
subject to NFRD
Non-Financial corporates 
(Subject to NFRD)
SMEs and other NFC not 
subject to NFRD
[Gross] carrying amount
[Gross] carrying amount
[Gross] carrying amount
[Gross] carrying amount
[Gross] carrying amount
[Gross] carrying amount
[Gross] carrying amount
[Gross] carrying amount
Mn EUR
Of which 
environment
ally 
sustainable 
(CCM)
Mn EUR
Of which 
environment
ally 
sustainable 
(CCM)
Mn EUR
Of which 
environment
ally 
sustainable 
(CCA)
Mn EUR
Of which 
environment
ally 
sustainable 
(CCA)
Mn EUR
Of which 
environment
ally 
sustainable 
(WTR)
Mn EUR
Of which 
environment
ally 
sustainable 
(WTR)
Mn EUR
Of which 
environment
ally 
sustainable 
(CE)
Mn EUR
Of which 
environment
ally 
sustainable 
(CE)
Consolidated Management Report Consolidated Non-financial Information Statement
280
This English version is a translation of the original in Spanish for information purposes only. In case of a discrepancy, the Spanish original will prevail.

G.46.39 Non-specialized wholesale of food, beverages 
and tobacco
54
3
—
—
—
—
111
—
G.46.42 Wholesale of clothing and footwear
5
5
—
—
—
—
43
—
G.46.43 Wholesale of electrical household appliances
—
—
—
—
—
—
—
—
G.46.45 Wholesale of perfume and cosmetics
1
—
—
—
—
—
—
—
G.46.46 Wholesale of pharmaceutical goods
—
—
—
—
—
—
—
—
G.46.48 Wholesale of watches and jewelry
—
—
—
—
—
—
—
—
G.46.49 Wholesale of other household goods
1
1
—
—
—
—
4
—
G.46.51 Wholesale of computers, computer peripheral 
equipment and software
—
—
—
—
—
—
1
—
G.46.52 Wholesale of electronic and 
telecommunications equipment and parts
11
11
—
—
—
—
41
—
G.46.62 Wholesale of machine tools
—
—
—
—
—
—
—
—
G.46.69 Wholesale of other machinery and equipment
6
—
—
—
—
—
2
—
G.46.71 Wholesale of solid, liquid and gaseous fuels 
and related products
123
108
—
—
—
—
612
—
G.46.72 Wholesale of metals and metal ores
2
—
—
—
—
—
3
—
G.46.73 Wholesale of wood, construction materials 
and sanitary equipment
—
—
—
—
—
—
23
—
G.46.74 Wholesale of hardware, plumbing and heating 
equipment and supplies
1
—
—
—
—
—
1
—
G.46.75 Wholesale of chemical products
—
—
—
—
—
—
3
—
G.46.76 Wholesale of other intermediate products
—
—
—
—
—
—
—
—
G.46.77 Wholesale of waste and scrap
—
—
—
—
—
—
2
—
G.46.90 Non-specialized wholesale trade
1
1
—
—
—
—
38
—
G.47.11 Retail sale in non-specialized stores with food, 
beverages or tobacco predominating
1
—
—
—
—
—
52
—
G.47.19 Other retail sale in non-specialized stores
18
1
—
—
—
—
58
—
G.47.23 Retail sale of fish, crustaceans and mollusks in 
specialized stores
—
—
—
—
—
—
—
—
G.47.29 Other retail sale of food in specialized stores
—
—
—
—
—
—
73
—
G.47.30 Retail sale of automotive fuel in specialized 
stores
2
2
—
—
—
—
—
—
G.47.41 Retail sale of computers, peripheral units and 
software in specialized stores
—
—
—
—
—
—
1
—
GAR SECTOR INFORMATION - CAPEX
Breakdown by sector - NACE 4 digits level (code and 
label)
Climate Change Mitigation (CCM)
Climate Change Adaptation (CCA)
Water and marine resources (WTR)
Circular economy (CE)
Non-Financial corporates 
(Subject to NFRD)
SMEs and other NFC not 
subject to NFRD
Non-Financial corporates 
(Subject to NFRD)
SMEs and other NFC not 
subject to NFRD
Non-Financial corporates 
(Subject to NFRD)
SMEs and other NFC not 
subject to NFRD
Non-Financial corporates 
(Subject to NFRD)
SMEs and other NFC not 
subject to NFRD
[Gross] carrying amount
[Gross] carrying amount
[Gross] carrying amount
[Gross] carrying amount
[Gross] carrying amount
[Gross] carrying amount
[Gross] carrying amount
[Gross] carrying amount
Mn EUR
Of which 
environment
ally 
sustainable 
(CCM)
Mn EUR
Of which 
environment
ally 
sustainable 
(CCM)
Mn EUR
Of which 
environment
ally 
sustainable 
(CCA)
Mn EUR
Of which 
environment
ally 
sustainable 
(CCA)
Mn EUR
Of which 
environment
ally 
sustainable 
(WTR)
Mn EUR
Of which 
environment
ally 
sustainable 
(WTR)
Mn EUR
Of which 
environment
ally 
sustainable 
(CE)
Mn EUR
Of which 
environment
ally 
sustainable 
(CE)
Consolidated Management Report Consolidated Non-financial Information Statement
281
This English version is a translation of the original in Spanish for information purposes only. In case of a discrepancy, the Spanish original will prevail.

G.47.42 Retail sale of telecommunications equipment 
in specialized stores
—
—
—
—
—
—
—
—
G.47.43 Retail sale of audio and video equipment in 
specialized stores
—
—
—
—
—
—
—
—
G.47.52 Retail sale of hardware, paints and glass in 
specialized stores
—
—
—
—
—
—
—
—
G.47.54 Retail sale of electrical household appliances 
in specialized stores
—
—
—
—
—
—
5
—
G.47.61 Retail sale of books in specialized stores
1
—
—
—
—
—
—
—
G.47.71 Retail sale of clothing in specialized stores
—
—
—
—
—
—
—
—
G.47.74 Retail sale of medical and orthopedic goods in 
specialized stores
—
—
—
—
—
—
54
—
G.47.75 Retail sale of cosmetic and toilet articles in 
specialized stores
—
—
—
—
—
—
—
—
G.47.76 Retail sale of flowers, plants, seeds, fertilizers, 
pet animals and pet food in specialized stores
—
—
—
—
—
—
—
—
G.47.77 Retail sale of watches and jewelry in 
specialized stores
—
—
—
—
—
—
—
—
G.47.78 Other retail sale of new goods in specialized 
stores
—
—
—
—
—
—
202
—
G.47.89 Retail sale via stalls and markets of other 
goods
—
—
—
—
—
—
—
—
G.47.91 Retail sale via mail order houses or via Internet
—
—
—
—
—
—
—
—
G.47.99 Other retail sale not in stores, stalls or markets
—
—
—
—
—
—
—
—
H.49.10 Passenger rail transport, interurban
177
—
—
—
—
—
—
—
H.49.20 Freight rail transport
11
—
—
—
—
—
—
—
H.49.39 Other passenger land transport n.e.c.
1
—
—
—
—
—
—
—
H.49.41 Freight transport by road
24
2
—
—
—
—
—
—
H.49.50 Transport via pipeline
—
—
—
—
—
—
—
—
H.50.20 Sea and coastal freight water transport
24
11
—
—
—
—
—
—
H.51.10 Passenger air transport
—
—
—
—
—
—
—
—
H.51.21 Freight air transport
87
—
—
—
—
—
—
—
H.52.10 Warehousing and storage
—
—
—
—
—
—
—
—
H.52.21 Service activities incidental to land 
transportation
1
—
—
—
—
—
—
—
GAR SECTOR INFORMATION - CAPEX
Breakdown by sector - NACE 4 digits level (code and 
label)
Climate Change Mitigation (CCM)
Climate Change Adaptation (CCA)
Water and marine resources (WTR)
Circular economy (CE)
Non-Financial corporates 
(Subject to NFRD)
SMEs and other NFC not 
subject to NFRD
Non-Financial corporates 
(Subject to NFRD)
SMEs and other NFC not 
subject to NFRD
Non-Financial corporates 
(Subject to NFRD)
SMEs and other NFC not 
subject to NFRD
Non-Financial corporates 
(Subject to NFRD)
SMEs and other NFC not 
subject to NFRD
[Gross] carrying amount
[Gross] carrying amount
[Gross] carrying amount
[Gross] carrying amount
[Gross] carrying amount
[Gross] carrying amount
[Gross] carrying amount
[Gross] carrying amount
Mn EUR
Of which 
environment
ally 
sustainable 
(CCM)
Mn EUR
Of which 
environment
ally 
sustainable 
(CCM)
Mn EUR
Of which 
environment
ally 
sustainable 
(CCA)
Mn EUR
Of which 
environment
ally 
sustainable 
(CCA)
Mn EUR
Of which 
environment
ally 
sustainable 
(WTR)
Mn EUR
Of which 
environment
ally 
sustainable 
(WTR)
Mn EUR
Of which 
environment
ally 
sustainable 
(CE)
Mn EUR
Of which 
environment
ally 
sustainable 
(CE)
Consolidated Management Report Consolidated Non-financial Information Statement
282
This English version is a translation of the original in Spanish for information purposes only. In case of a discrepancy, the Spanish original will prevail.

H.52.22 Service activities incidental to water 
transportation
—
—
—
—
—
—
—
—
H.52.23 Service activities incidental to air 
transportation
1
—
—
—
—
—
—
—
H.52.24 Cargo handling
2
1
—
—
—
—
—
—
H.52.29 Other transportation support activities
727
305
—
—
—
—
—
—
I.55.10 Hotels and similar accommodation
—
—
—
—
—
—
—
—
I.56.10 Restaurants and mobile food service activities
1
—
—
—
—
—
—
—
J.58.11 Book publishing
—
—
—
—
—
—
—
—
J.58.13 Publishing of newspapers
—
—
—
—
—
—
—
—
J.58.14 Publishing of journals and periodicals
—
—
—
—
—
—
—
—
J.58.19 Other publishing activities
1
—
—
—
—
—
—
—
J.59.11 Motion picture, video and television programme 
production activities
—
—
—
—
—
—
—
—
J.59.20 Sound recording and music publishing 
activities
3
—
—
—
—
—
—
—
J.60.20 Television programming and broadcasting 
activities
—
—
14
—
—
—
—
—
J.61.10 Wired telecommunications activities
37
16
7
—
—
—
274
—
J.61.20 Wireless telecommunications activities
1
—
—
—
—
—
473
—
J.61.30 Satellite telecommunications activities
—
—
—
—
—
—
—
—
J.61.90 Other telecommunications activities
66
8
—
—
—
—
1,146
—
J.62.01 Computer programming activities
27
—
—
—
—
—
1
—
J.62.02 Computer consultancy activities
30
—
—
—
—
—
—
—
J.62.09 Other information technology and computer 
service activities
19
2
14
1
—
—
2
—
J.63.11 Data processing, hosting and related activities
—
—
—
—
—
—
—
—
J.63.12 Web portals
—
—
—
—
—
—
—
—
K.64.19 Other monetary intermediation
2
—
—
—
—
—
—
—
K.64.20 Activities of holding companies
155
—
—
—
—
—
—
—
K.64.91 Financial leasing
347
97
—
—
—
—
—
—
K.64.99 Other financial service activities, except 
insurance and pension funding n.e.c.
20
6
—
—
—
—
—
—
K.65.12 Non-life insurance
—
—
—
—
—
—
—
—
GAR SECTOR INFORMATION - CAPEX
Breakdown by sector - NACE 4 digits level (code and 
label)
Climate Change Mitigation (CCM)
Climate Change Adaptation (CCA)
Water and marine resources (WTR)
Circular economy (CE)
Non-Financial corporates 
(Subject to NFRD)
SMEs and other NFC not 
subject to NFRD
Non-Financial corporates 
(Subject to NFRD)
SMEs and other NFC not 
subject to NFRD
Non-Financial corporates 
(Subject to NFRD)
SMEs and other NFC not 
subject to NFRD
Non-Financial corporates 
(Subject to NFRD)
SMEs and other NFC not 
subject to NFRD
[Gross] carrying amount
[Gross] carrying amount
[Gross] carrying amount
[Gross] carrying amount
[Gross] carrying amount
[Gross] carrying amount
[Gross] carrying amount
[Gross] carrying amount
Mn EUR
Of which 
environment
ally 
sustainable 
(CCM)
Mn EUR
Of which 
environment
ally 
sustainable 
(CCM)
Mn EUR
Of which 
environment
ally 
sustainable 
(CCA)
Mn EUR
Of which 
environment
ally 
sustainable 
(CCA)
Mn EUR
Of which 
environment
ally 
sustainable 
(WTR)
Mn EUR
Of which 
environment
ally 
sustainable 
(WTR)
Mn EUR
Of which 
environment
ally 
sustainable 
(CE)
Mn EUR
Of which 
environment
ally 
sustainable 
(CE)
Consolidated Management Report Consolidated Non-financial Information Statement
283
This English version is a translation of the original in Spanish for information purposes only. In case of a discrepancy, the Spanish original will prevail.

K.66.19 Other activities auxiliary to financial services, 
except insurance and pension funding
1
1
—
—
—
—
—
—
L.68.10 Buying and selling of own real estate
—
—
—
—
—
—
—
—
L.68.20 Renting and operating of own or leased real 
estate
92
1
—
—
—
—
—
—
L.68.32 Management of real estate on a fee or contract 
basis
—
—
—
—
—
—
—
—
M.69.20 Accounting, bookkeeping and auditing 
activities; tax consultancy
—
—
—
—
—
—
—
—
M.70.22 Business and other management consultancy 
activities
—
—
—
—
—
—
—
—
M.71.11 Architectural activities
—
—
—
—
—
—
—
—
M.71.12 Engineering activities and related technical 
consultancy
68
4
—
—
—
—
9
—
M.71.20 Technical testing and analysis
—
—
—
—
—
—
—
—
M.72.11 Research and experimental development on 
biotechnology
—
—
—
—
—
—
—
—
M.72.19 Other research and experimental development 
on natural sciences and engineering
—
—
—
—
—
—
—
—
M.73.11 Advertising agencies
—
—
—
—
—
—
—
—
M.73.20 Market research and public opinion polling
—
—
—
—
—
—
—
—
M.74.90 Other professional, scientific and technical 
activities n.e.c.
5
5
25
—
—
—
—
—
N.77.11 Renting and leasing of cars and light motor 
vehicles
69
1
—
—
—
—
—
—
N.78.10 Activities of employment placement agencies
—
—
—
—
—
—
—
—
N.79.11 Travel agency activities
—
—
—
—
—
—
—
—
N.80.10 Private security activities
—
—
—
—
—
—
—
—
N.80.20 Security systems service activities
—
—
224
—
—
—
—
—
N.81.10 Combined facilities support activities
9
1
—
—
—
—
—
—
N.81.29 Other cleaning activities
—
—
—
—
—
—
—
—
N.81.30 Landscape service activities
1
1
—
—
—
—
—
—
N.82.11 Combined office administrative service 
activities
—
—
—
—
—
—
—
—
N.82.20 Activities of call centers
—
—
—
—
—
—
—
—
GAR SECTOR INFORMATION - CAPEX
Breakdown by sector - NACE 4 digits level (code and 
label)
Climate Change Mitigation (CCM)
Climate Change Adaptation (CCA)
Water and marine resources (WTR)
Circular economy (CE)
Non-Financial corporates 
(Subject to NFRD)
SMEs and other NFC not 
subject to NFRD
Non-Financial corporates 
(Subject to NFRD)
SMEs and other NFC not 
subject to NFRD
Non-Financial corporates 
(Subject to NFRD)
SMEs and other NFC not 
subject to NFRD
Non-Financial corporates 
(Subject to NFRD)
SMEs and other NFC not 
subject to NFRD
[Gross] carrying amount
[Gross] carrying amount
[Gross] carrying amount
[Gross] carrying amount
[Gross] carrying amount
[Gross] carrying amount
[Gross] carrying amount
[Gross] carrying amount
Mn EUR
Of which 
environment
ally 
sustainable 
(CCM)
Mn EUR
Of which 
environment
ally 
sustainable 
(CCM)
Mn EUR
Of which 
environment
ally 
sustainable 
(CCA)
Mn EUR
Of which 
environment
ally 
sustainable 
(CCA)
Mn EUR
Of which 
environment
ally 
sustainable 
(WTR)
Mn EUR
Of which 
environment
ally 
sustainable 
(WTR)
Mn EUR
Of which 
environment
ally 
sustainable 
(CE)
Mn EUR
Of which 
environment
ally 
sustainable 
(CE)
Consolidated Management Report Consolidated Non-financial Information Statement
284
This English version is a translation of the original in Spanish for information purposes only. In case of a discrepancy, the Spanish original will prevail.

N.82.91 Activities of collection agencies and credit 
bureaus
—
—
—
—
—
—
—
—
N.82.99 Other business support service activities n.e.c.
6
5
—
—
—
—
—
—
O.84.11 General public administration activities
—
—
1
—
—
—
—
—
P.85.59 Other education n.e.c.
—
—
—
—
—
—
—
—
Q.86.10 Hospital activities
1
1
1
—
—
—
—
—
Q.86.21 General medical practice activities
2
—
—
—
—
—
—
—
Q.86.22 Specialist medical practice activities
—
—
—
—
—
—
—
—
Q.86.90 Other human health activities
—
—
—
—
—
—
—
—
Q.87.10 Residential nursing care activities
—
—
56
—
—
—
—
—
Q.87.20 Residential care activities for mental 
retardation, mental health and substance abuse
—
—
—
—
—
—
—
—
Q.87.30 Residential care activities for the elderly and 
disabled
—
—
1
—
—
—
—
—
Q.87.90 Other residential care activities
1
—
—
—
—
—
—
—
R.90.01 Performing arts
—
—
—
—
—
—
—
—
R.93.21 Activities of amusement parks and theme 
parks
—
—
—
—
—
—
—
—
R.93.29 Other amusement and recreation activities
—
—
—
—
—
—
—
—
S.94.99 Activities of other membership organizations 
n.e.c.
—
—
—
—
—
—
—
—
S.95.11 Repair of computers and peripheral equipment
1
1
—
—
—
—
—
—
S.96.03 Funeral and related activities
—
—
—
—
—
—
—
—
1. The present information has been prepared in accordance with Commission Delegated Regulation (EU) 2021/2178, of July 6, 2021, which supplements Regulation (EU) 2020/852 of the European Parliament and of the Council by specifying the content and the presentation of information on 
environmentally sustainable economic activities
2. Customers' economic activities are classified as eligible or aligned in accordance with the Delegated Acts supplementing Regulation (EU) 2020/852 of the European Parliament and of the Council. Specifically, the economic activities covered by Delegated Regulations (EU) 2021/2139 on 
mitigation and adaptation to climate change have been taken into consideration.
3. Clients' economic activities are classified as eligible or aligned taking into account the modifications implemented by Commission Delegated Regulation (EU) 2022/1214 of March 9, 2022, which includes economic activities in certain energy sectors, and Commission Delegated Regulation (EU) 
2023/2485 of 27 June 2023 establishing additional technical criteria.
4. The information includes the BBVA Group total prudential balance. In terms of breakdown of environmental objectives, the most significant entities are included and correspond to 96% of the total assets. The financial assets analyzed correspond to the categories of financial instruments valued 
“At amortized cost”, “Fair Value with Changes in Other Comprehensive Income (FVOCI)”, “Fair Value with Changes in P&L” and “Non-negotiable at Fair Value with changes in result.
5. NFRD counterparties are those subject to Directive 2014/95/EU (the Non-Financial Reporting Directive or NFRD), such as large listed companies, banks and insurance companies, with more than 500 employees. BBVA identifies NFRD counterparties mainly in two ways: i) review of the 
registered office in a country of the European Union and ii) more than 500 employees. In the event that the previous criterion is not met and if the client belongs to a business group, the same review is carried out at the parent company level.
6. Eligibility information for NFRD counterparties is obtained through an external reference provider in the sector, which obtains EU taxonomy KPI information directly from their corporate reports, EINF or equivalent. In the case of NFRD clients for whom the information has not been provided 
through the previous means, the information from their corporate reports is captured by BBVA or the client's main activity is analyzed to establish their eligibility.
GAR SECTOR INFORMATION - CAPEX
Breakdown by sector - NACE 4 digits level (code and 
label)
Climate Change Mitigation (CCM)
Climate Change Adaptation (CCA)
Water and marine resources (WTR)
Circular economy (CE)
Non-Financial corporates 
(Subject to NFRD)
SMEs and other NFC not 
subject to NFRD
Non-Financial corporates 
(Subject to NFRD)
SMEs and other NFC not 
subject to NFRD
Non-Financial corporates 
(Subject to NFRD)
SMEs and other NFC not 
subject to NFRD
Non-Financial corporates 
(Subject to NFRD)
SMEs and other NFC not 
subject to NFRD
[Gross] carrying amount
[Gross] carrying amount
[Gross] carrying amount
[Gross] carrying amount
[Gross] carrying amount
[Gross] carrying amount
[Gross] carrying amount
[Gross] carrying amount
Mn EUR
Of which 
environment
ally 
sustainable 
(CCM)
Mn EUR
Of which 
environment
ally 
sustainable 
(CCM)
Mn EUR
Of which 
environment
ally 
sustainable 
(CCA)
Mn EUR
Of which 
environment
ally 
sustainable 
(CCA)
Mn EUR
Of which 
environment
ally 
sustainable 
(WTR)
Mn EUR
Of which 
environment
ally 
sustainable 
(WTR)
Mn EUR
Of which 
environment
ally 
sustainable 
(CE)
Mn EUR
Of which 
environment
ally 
sustainable 
(CE)
Consolidated Management Report Consolidated Non-financial Information Statement
285
This English version is a translation of the original in Spanish for information purposes only. In case of a discrepancy, the Spanish original will prevail.

7. While exposures to governments and central banks are excluded from the GAR calculation symmetrically, from the numerator and denominator, financing to small and medium-sized enterprises that do not fall within the scope of the NFRD or financing outside EU (even if they meet the taxonomy 
criteria requirements) cannot qualify as aligned with the taxonomy. Furthermore, activities not covered by the EU taxonomy will be excluded from the numerator, but not from the denominator of GAR.
GAR SECTOR INFORMATION - CAPEX
Breakdown by sector - NACE 4 digits level (code and 
label)
Climate Change Mitigation (CCM)
Climate Change Adaptation (CCA)
Water and marine resources (WTR)
Circular economy (CE)
Non-Financial corporates 
(Subject to NFRD)
SMEs and other NFC not 
subject to NFRD
Non-Financial corporates 
(Subject to NFRD)
SMEs and other NFC not 
subject to NFRD
Non-Financial corporates 
(Subject to NFRD)
SMEs and other NFC not 
subject to NFRD
Non-Financial corporates 
(Subject to NFRD)
SMEs and other NFC not 
subject to NFRD
[Gross] carrying amount
[Gross] carrying amount
[Gross] carrying amount
[Gross] carrying amount
[Gross] carrying amount
[Gross] carrying amount
[Gross] carrying amount
[Gross] carrying amount
Mn EUR
Of which 
environment
ally 
sustainable 
(CCM)
Mn EUR
Of which 
environment
ally 
sustainable 
(CCM)
Mn EUR
Of which 
environment
ally 
sustainable 
(CCA)
Mn EUR
Of which 
environment
ally 
sustainable 
(CCA)
Mn EUR
Of which 
environment
ally 
sustainable 
(WTR)
Mn EUR
Of which 
environment
ally 
sustainable 
(WTR)
Mn EUR
Of which 
environment
ally 
sustainable 
(CE)
Mn EUR
Of which 
environment
ally 
sustainable 
(CE)
Consolidated Management Report Consolidated Non-financial Information Statement
286
This English version is a translation of the original in Spanish for information purposes only. In case of a discrepancy, the Spanish original will prevail.

A.01.21 Growing of grapes
—
—
—
—
1
—
A.01.61 Support activities for crop production
—
—
—
—
—
—
A.02.10 Silviculture and other forestry activities
—
—
—
—
—
—
B.06.10 Extraction of crude petroleum
—
—
—
—
3
3
B.08.11 Quarrying of ornamental and building stone, 
limestone, gypsum, chalk and slate
—
—
—
—
—
—
B.09.10 Support activities for petroleum and natural 
gas extraction
—
—
—
—
33
11
C.10.61 Manufacture of grain mill products
—
—
—
—
—
—
C.10.83 Processing of tea and coffee
—
—
—
—
—
—
C.10.85 Manufacture of prepared meals and dishes
—
—
—
—
—
—
C.10.89 Manufacture of other food products n.e.c.
—
—
—
—
—
—
C.11.01 Distilling, rectifying and blending of spirits
—
—
—
—
—
—
C.11.02 Manufacture of wine from grape
—
—
—
—
4
1
C.11.04 Manufacture of other non-distilled fermented 
beverages
—
—
—
—
4
—
C.11.05 Manufacture of beer
—
—
—
—
9
—
C.11.07 Manufacture of soft drinks; production of 
mineral waters and other bottled waters
—
—
—
—
17
—
C.13.99 Manufacture of other textiles n.e.c.
—
—
—
—
4
—
C.14.13 Manufacture of other outerwear
—
—
—
—
—
—
C.15.11 Tanning and dressing of leather; dressing and 
dyeing of fur
—
—
—
—
2
—
C.15.12 Manufacture of luggage, handbags and the like, 
saddlery and harness
—
—
—
—
—
—
C.15.20 Manufacture of footwear
—
—
—
—
—
—
C.16.10 Sawmilling and planing of wood
—
—
—
—
1
—
C.16.23 Manufacture of other builders'' carpentry and 
joinery
—
—
—
—
—
—
C.16.29 Manufacture of other products of wood; 
manufacture of articles of cork, straw and plaiting 
materials
—
—
—
—
2
1
C.17.11 Manufacture of pulp
—
—
—
—
59
27
C.17.12 Manufacture of paper and paperboard
—
—
—
—
1
—
GAR SECTOR INFORMATION - CAPEX
Breakdown by sector - NACE 4 digits level (code and 
label)
Pollution (PPC)
Biodiversity and Ecosystems (BIO)
TOTAL (CCM + CCA)
Non-Financial corporates 
(Subject to NFRD)
SMEs and other NFC not 
subject to NFRD
Non-Financial corporates  
(Subject to NFRD)
SMEs and other NFC not 
subject to NFRD
Non-Financial corporates (Subject to 
NFRD)
SMEs and other NFC not subject to 
NFRD
[Gross] carrying amount
[Gross] carrying amount
[Gross] carrying amount
[Gross] carrying amount
[Gross] carrying amount
[Gross] carrying amount
Mn EUR
Of which 
environment
ally 
sustainable 
(CE)
Mn EUR
Of which 
environment
ally 
sustainable 
(CE)
Mn EUR
Of which 
environment
ally 
sustainable 
(PPC)
Mn EUR
Of which 
environment
ally 
sustainable 
(PPC)
Mn EUR
Of which 
environmentally 
sustainable (CCM + 
CCA + WTR + CE + 
PPC + BIO)
Mn EUR
Of which 
environmentally 
sustainable (CCM + 
CCA + WTR + CE + 
PPC + BIO)
Consolidated Management Report Consolidated Non-financial Information Statement
287
This English version is a translation of the original in Spanish for information purposes only. In case of a discrepancy, the Spanish original will prevail.

C.17.21 Manufacture of corrugated paper and 
paperboard and of containers of paper and paperboard
—
—
—
—
22
22
C.17.29 Manufacture of other articles of paper and 
paperboard
—
—
—
—
—
—
C.18.11 Printing of newspapers
—
—
—
—
—
—
C.18.12 Other printing
—
—
—
—
—
—
C.19.20 Manufacture of refined petroleum products
—
—
—
—
161
133
C.20.11 Manufacture of industrial gases
—
—
—
—
—
—
C.20.12 Manufacture of dyes and pigments
—
—
—
—
—
—
C.20.13 Manufacture of other inorganic basic 
chemicals
—
—
—
—
6
4
C.20.14 Manufacture of other organic basic chemicals
—
—
—
—
28
—
C.20.16 Manufacture of plastics in primary forms
—
—
—
—
12
5
C.20.17 Manufacture of synthetic rubber in primary 
forms
—
—
—
—
11
9
C.20.20 Manufacture of pesticides and other 
agrochemical products
7
—
—
—
8
—
C.20.41 Manufacture of soap and detergents, cleaning 
and polishing preparations
—
—
—
—
2
1
C.20.42 Manufacture of perfumes and toilet 
preparations
—
—
—
—
—
—
C.20.51 Manufacture of explosives
—
—
—
—
—
—
C.20.59 Manufacture of other chemical products n.e.c.
—
—
—
—
7
1
C.21.10 Manufacture of basic pharmaceutical products
10
—
—
—
11
—
C.21.20 Manufacture of pharmaceutical preparations
53
—
—
—
54
—
C.22.11 Manufacture of rubber tyres and tubes; 
retreading and rebuilding of rubber tyres
—
—
—
—
—
—
C.22.19 Manufacture of other rubber products
—
—
—
—
—
—
C.22.22 Manufacture of plastic packing goods
—
—
—
—
3
—
C.22.29 Manufacture of other plastic products
—
—
—
—
4
—
C.23.13 Manufacture of hollow glass
—
—
—
—
25
1
C.23.19 Manufacture and processing of other glass, 
including technical glassware
—
—
—
—
—
—
C.23.51 Manufacture of cement
—
—
—
—
17
—
GAR SECTOR INFORMATION - CAPEX
Breakdown by sector - NACE 4 digits level (code and 
label)
Pollution (PPC)
Biodiversity and Ecosystems (BIO)
TOTAL (CCM + CCA)
Non-Financial corporates 
(Subject to NFRD)
SMEs and other NFC not 
subject to NFRD
Non-Financial corporates  
(Subject to NFRD)
SMEs and other NFC not 
subject to NFRD
Non-Financial corporates (Subject to 
NFRD)
SMEs and other NFC not subject to 
NFRD
[Gross] carrying amount
[Gross] carrying amount
[Gross] carrying amount
[Gross] carrying amount
[Gross] carrying amount
[Gross] carrying amount
Mn EUR
Of which 
environment
ally 
sustainable 
(CE)
Mn EUR
Of which 
environment
ally 
sustainable 
(CE)
Mn EUR
Of which 
environment
ally 
sustainable 
(PPC)
Mn EUR
Of which 
environment
ally 
sustainable 
(PPC)
Mn EUR
Of which 
environmentally 
sustainable (CCM + 
CCA + WTR + CE + 
PPC + BIO)
Mn EUR
Of which 
environmentally 
sustainable (CCM + 
CCA + WTR + CE + 
PPC + BIO)
Consolidated Management Report Consolidated Non-financial Information Statement
288
This English version is a translation of the original in Spanish for information purposes only. In case of a discrepancy, the Spanish original will prevail.

C.23.61 Manufacture of concrete products for 
construction purposes
—
—
—
—
—
—
C.23.63 Manufacture of ready-mixed concrete
—
—
—
—
3
—
C.23.64 Manufacture of mortars
—
—
—
—
1
—
C.23.99 Manufacture of other non-metallic mineral 
products n.e.c.
—
—
—
—
—
—
C.24.10 Manufacture of basic iron and steel and of 
ferro-alloys
—
—
—
—
256
245
C.24.20 Manufacture of tubes, pipes, hollow profiles 
and related fittings, of steel
—
—
—
—
67
15
C.24.31 Cold drawing of bars
—
—
—
—
10
10
C.24.32 Cold rolling of narrow strip
—
—
—
—
4
—
C.24.34 Cold drawing of wire
—
—
—
—
—
—
C.24.42 Aluminium production
—
—
—
—
—
—
C.24.45 Other non-ferrous metal production
—
—
—
—
10
9
C.24.51 Casting of iron
—
—
—
—
—
—
C.24.52 Casting of steel
—
—
—
—
6
6
C.25.11 Manufacture of metal structures and parts of 
structures
—
—
—
—
7
1
C.25.29 Manufacture of other tanks, reservoirs and 
containers of metal
—
—
—
—
—
—
C.25.50 Forging, pressing, stamping and roll-forming 
of metal; powder metallurgy
—
—
—
—
1
—
C.25.93 Manufacture of wire products, chain and 
springs
—
—
—
—
—
—
C.25.99 Manufacture of other fabricated metal 
products n.e.c.
—
—
—
—
8
—
C.26.11 Manufacture of electronic components
—
—
—
—
7
—
C.26.30 Manufacture of communication equipment
—
—
—
—
1
—
C.26.51 Manufacture of instruments and appliances for 
measuring, testing and navigation
—
—
—
—
4
1
C.26.60 Manufacture of irradiation, electromedical and 
electrotherapeutic equipment
—
—
—
—
56
—
C.27.11 Manufacture of electric motors, generators and 
transformers
—
—
—
—
122
—
GAR SECTOR INFORMATION - CAPEX
Breakdown by sector - NACE 4 digits level (code and 
label)
Pollution (PPC)
Biodiversity and Ecosystems (BIO)
TOTAL (CCM + CCA)
Non-Financial corporates 
(Subject to NFRD)
SMEs and other NFC not 
subject to NFRD
Non-Financial corporates  
(Subject to NFRD)
SMEs and other NFC not 
subject to NFRD
Non-Financial corporates (Subject to 
NFRD)
SMEs and other NFC not subject to 
NFRD
[Gross] carrying amount
[Gross] carrying amount
[Gross] carrying amount
[Gross] carrying amount
[Gross] carrying amount
[Gross] carrying amount
Mn EUR
Of which 
environment
ally 
sustainable 
(CE)
Mn EUR
Of which 
environment
ally 
sustainable 
(CE)
Mn EUR
Of which 
environment
ally 
sustainable 
(PPC)
Mn EUR
Of which 
environment
ally 
sustainable 
(PPC)
Mn EUR
Of which 
environmentally 
sustainable (CCM + 
CCA + WTR + CE + 
PPC + BIO)
Mn EUR
Of which 
environmentally 
sustainable (CCM + 
CCA + WTR + CE + 
PPC + BIO)
Consolidated Management Report Consolidated Non-financial Information Statement
289
This English version is a translation of the original in Spanish for information purposes only. In case of a discrepancy, the Spanish original will prevail.

C.27.12 Manufacture of electricity distribution and 
control apparatus
—
—
—
—
1
—
C.27.20 Manufacture of batteries and accumulators
—
—
—
—
2
2
C.27.32 Manufacture of other electronic and electric 
wires and cables
—
—
—
—
20
2
C.27.33 Manufacture of wiring devices
—
—
—
—
16
6
C.27.40 Manufacture of electric lighting equipment
—
—
—
—
51
4
C.27.51 Manufacture of electric domestic appliances
—
—
—
—
150
2
C.27.52 Manufacture of non-electric domestic 
appliances
—
—
—
—
—
—
C.27.90 Manufacture of other electrical equipment
—
—
—
—
153
45
C.28.11 Manufacture of engines and turbines, except 
aircraft, vehicle and cycle engines
—
—
—
—
12
1
C.28.12 Manufacture of fluid power equipment
—
—
—
—
—
—
C.28.14 Manufacture of other taps and valves
—
—
—
—
—
—
C.28.15 Manufacture of bearings, gears, gearing and 
driving elements
—
—
—
—
—
—
C.28.22 Manufacture of lifting and handling equipment
—
—
—
—
—
—
C.28.25 Manufacture of non-domestic cooling and 
ventilation equipment
—
—
—
—
—
—
C.28.29 Manufacture of other general-purpose 
machinery n.e.c.
—
—
—
—
109
—
C.28.49 Manufacture of other machine tools
—
—
—
—
—
—
C.28.91 Manufacture of machinery for metallurgy
—
—
—
—
—
—
C.28.99 Manufacture of other special-purpose 
machinery n.e.c.
—
—
—
—
52
—
C.29.10 Manufacture of motor vehicles
—
—
—
—
790
34
C.29.31 Manufacture of electrical and electronic 
equipment for motor vehicles
—
—
—
—
25
—
C.29.32 Manufacture of other parts and accessories 
for motor vehicles
—
—
—
—
78
1
C.30.11 Building of ships and floating structures
—
—
—
—
64
—
C.30.20 Manufacture of railway locomotives and 
rolling stock
—
—
—
—
208
39
C.30.30 Manufacture of air and spacecraft and related 
machinery
—
—
—
—
268
—
GAR SECTOR INFORMATION - CAPEX
Breakdown by sector - NACE 4 digits level (code and 
label)
Pollution (PPC)
Biodiversity and Ecosystems (BIO)
TOTAL (CCM + CCA)
Non-Financial corporates 
(Subject to NFRD)
SMEs and other NFC not 
subject to NFRD
Non-Financial corporates  
(Subject to NFRD)
SMEs and other NFC not 
subject to NFRD
Non-Financial corporates (Subject to 
NFRD)
SMEs and other NFC not subject to 
NFRD
[Gross] carrying amount
[Gross] carrying amount
[Gross] carrying amount
[Gross] carrying amount
[Gross] carrying amount
[Gross] carrying amount
Mn EUR
Of which 
environment
ally 
sustainable 
(CE)
Mn EUR
Of which 
environment
ally 
sustainable 
(CE)
Mn EUR
Of which 
environment
ally 
sustainable 
(PPC)
Mn EUR
Of which 
environment
ally 
sustainable 
(PPC)
Mn EUR
Of which 
environmentally 
sustainable (CCM + 
CCA + WTR + CE + 
PPC + BIO)
Mn EUR
Of which 
environmentally 
sustainable (CCM + 
CCA + WTR + CE + 
PPC + BIO)
Consolidated Management Report Consolidated Non-financial Information Statement
290
This English version is a translation of the original in Spanish for information purposes only. In case of a discrepancy, the Spanish original will prevail.

C.30.99 Manufacture of other transport equipment 
n.e.c.
—
—
—
—
140
—
C.32.13 Manufacture of imitation jewelry and related 
articles
—
—
—
—
4
1
C.32.30 Manufacture of sports goods
—
—
—
—
—
—
C.32.50 Manufacture of medical and dental 
instruments and supplies
—
—
—
—
—
—
C.33.12 Repair of machinery
—
—
—
—
—
—
C.33.14 Repair of electrical equipment
—
—
—
—
—
—
C.33.15 Repair and maintenance of ships and boats
—
—
—
—
—
—
C.33.17 Repair and maintenance of other transport 
equipment
—
—
—
—
—
—
C.33.19 Repair of other equipment
—
—
—
—
—
—
C.33.20 Installation of industrial machinery and 
equipment
—
—
—
—
2
1
D.35.11 Production of electricity
—
—
—
—
1,523
511
D.35.12 Transmission of electricity
—
—
—
—
401
23
D.35.13 Distribution of electricity
—
—
—
—
256
202
D.35.14 Trade of electricity
—
—
—
—
77
74
D.35.21 Manufacture of gas
—
—
—
—
57
—
D.35.22 Distribution of gaseous fuels through mains
—
—
—
—
333
313
D.35.23 Trade of gas through mains
—
—
—
—
52
49
E.36.00 Water collection, treatment and supply
—
—
—
—
19
18
E.37.00 Sewerage
—
—
—
—
—
—
E.38.11 Collection of non-hazardous waste
—
—
—
—
20
2
E.38.21 Treatment and disposal of non-hazardous 
waste
—
—
—
—
24
2
E.38.31 Dismantling of wrecks
—
—
—
—
1
—
E.38.32 Recovery of sorted materials
—
—
—
—
23
13
E.39.00 Remediation activities and other waste 
management services
—
—
—
—
—
—
F.41.10 Development of building projects
—
—
—
—
59
10
F.41.20 Construction of residential and non-residential 
buildings
—
—
—
—
39
22
GAR SECTOR INFORMATION - CAPEX
Breakdown by sector - NACE 4 digits level (code and 
label)
Pollution (PPC)
Biodiversity and Ecosystems (BIO)
TOTAL (CCM + CCA)
Non-Financial corporates 
(Subject to NFRD)
SMEs and other NFC not 
subject to NFRD
Non-Financial corporates  
(Subject to NFRD)
SMEs and other NFC not 
subject to NFRD
Non-Financial corporates (Subject to 
NFRD)
SMEs and other NFC not subject to 
NFRD
[Gross] carrying amount
[Gross] carrying amount
[Gross] carrying amount
[Gross] carrying amount
[Gross] carrying amount
[Gross] carrying amount
Mn EUR
Of which 
environment
ally 
sustainable 
(CE)
Mn EUR
Of which 
environment
ally 
sustainable 
(CE)
Mn EUR
Of which 
environment
ally 
sustainable 
(PPC)
Mn EUR
Of which 
environment
ally 
sustainable 
(PPC)
Mn EUR
Of which 
environmentally 
sustainable (CCM + 
CCA + WTR + CE + 
PPC + BIO)
Mn EUR
Of which 
environmentally 
sustainable (CCM + 
CCA + WTR + CE + 
PPC + BIO)
Consolidated Management Report Consolidated Non-financial Information Statement
291
This English version is a translation of the original in Spanish for information purposes only. In case of a discrepancy, the Spanish original will prevail.

F.42.11 Construction of roads and motorways
—
—
—
—
161
79
F.42.12 Construction of railways and underground 
railways
—
—
—
—
5
3
F.42.13 Construction of bridges and tunnels
—
—
—
—
1
—
F.42.21 Construction of utility projects for fluids
—
—
—
—
1
—
F.42.22 Construction of utility projects for electricity 
and telecommunications
—
—
—
—
3
1
F.42.91 Construction of water projects
—
—
—
—
1
—
F.42.99 Construction of other civil engineering projects 
n.e.c.
—
—
—
—
64
27
F.43.21 Electrical installation
—
—
—
—
61
40
F.43.22 Plumbing, heat and air conditioning installation
—
—
—
—
1
—
F.43.29 Other construction installation
—
—
—
—
11
—
F.43.32 Joinery installation
—
—
—
—
—
—
F.43.33 Floor and wall covering
—
—
—
—
—
—
F.43.39 Other building completion and finishing
—
—
—
—
—
—
F.43.99 Other specialised construction activities n.e.c.
—
—
—
—
89
61
G.45.11 Sale of cars and light motor vehicles
—
—
—
—
—
—
G.45.19 Sale of other motor vehicles
—
—
—
—
5
—
G.45.20 Maintenance and repair of motor vehicles
—
—
—
—
—
—
G.45.31 Wholesale trade of motor vehicle parts and 
accessories
—
—
—
—
1
1
G.45.32 Retail trade of motor vehicle parts and 
accessories
—
—
—
—
2
1
G.46.12 Agents involved in the sale of fuels, ores, 
metals and industrial chemicals
—
—
—
—
—
—
G.46.16 Agents involved in the sale of textiles, clothing, 
fur, footwear and leather goods
—
—
—
—
—
—
G.46.17 Agents involved in the sale of food, beverages 
and tobacco
—
—
—
—
1
—
G.46.19 Agents involved in the sale of a variety of 
goods
—
—
—
—
2
—
G.46.21 Wholesale of grain, unmanufactured tobacco, 
seeds and animal feeds
—
—
—
—
25
—
G.46.31 Wholesale of fruit and vegetables
—
—
—
—
—
—
GAR SECTOR INFORMATION - CAPEX
Breakdown by sector - NACE 4 digits level (code and 
label)
Pollution (PPC)
Biodiversity and Ecosystems (BIO)
TOTAL (CCM + CCA)
Non-Financial corporates 
(Subject to NFRD)
SMEs and other NFC not 
subject to NFRD
Non-Financial corporates  
(Subject to NFRD)
SMEs and other NFC not 
subject to NFRD
Non-Financial corporates (Subject to 
NFRD)
SMEs and other NFC not subject to 
NFRD
[Gross] carrying amount
[Gross] carrying amount
[Gross] carrying amount
[Gross] carrying amount
[Gross] carrying amount
[Gross] carrying amount
Mn EUR
Of which 
environment
ally 
sustainable 
(CE)
Mn EUR
Of which 
environment
ally 
sustainable 
(CE)
Mn EUR
Of which 
environment
ally 
sustainable 
(PPC)
Mn EUR
Of which 
environment
ally 
sustainable 
(PPC)
Mn EUR
Of which 
environmentally 
sustainable (CCM + 
CCA + WTR + CE + 
PPC + BIO)
Mn EUR
Of which 
environmentally 
sustainable (CCM + 
CCA + WTR + CE + 
PPC + BIO)
Consolidated Management Report Consolidated Non-financial Information Statement
292
This English version is a translation of the original in Spanish for information purposes only. In case of a discrepancy, the Spanish original will prevail.

G.46.33 Wholesale of dairy products, eggs and edible 
oils and fats
—
—
—
—
—
—
G.46.34 Wholesale of beverages
—
—
—
—
2
—
G.46.37 Wholesale of coffee, tea, cocoa and spices
—
—
—
—
50
—
G.46.39 Non-specialised wholesale of food, beverages 
and tobacco
—
—
—
—
165
3
G.46.42 Wholesale of clothing and footwear
—
—
—
—
48
5
G.46.43 Wholesale of electrical household appliances
—
—
—
—
—
—
G.46.45 Wholesale of perfume and cosmetics
—
—
—
—
1
—
G.46.46 Wholesale of pharmaceutical goods
1
—
—
—
1
—
G.46.48 Wholesale of watches and jewellery
—
—
—
—
—
—
G.46.49 Wholesale of other household goods
—
—
—
—
5
1
G.46.51 Wholesale of computers, computer peripheral 
equipment and software
—
—
—
—
1
—
G.46.52 Wholesale of electronic and 
telecommunications equipment and parts
—
—
—
—
53
11
G.46.62 Wholesale of machine tools
—
—
—
—
—
—
G.46.69 Wholesale of other machinery and equipment
—
—
—
—
8
—
G.46.71 Wholesale of solid, liquid and gaseous fuels 
and related products
—
—
—
—
735
108
G.46.72 Wholesale of metals and metal ores
—
—
—
—
5
—
G.46.73 Wholesale of wood, construction materials 
and sanitary equipment
—
—
—
—
23
—
G.46.74 Wholesale of hardware, plumbing and heating 
equipment and supplies
—
—
—
—
2
—
G.46.75 Wholesale of chemical products
—
—
—
—
3
—
G.46.76 Wholesale of other intermediate products
—
—
—
—
—
—
G.46.77 Wholesale of waste and scrap
—
—
—
—
2
—
G.46.90 Non-specialized wholesale trade
—
—
—
—
39
1
G.47.11 Retail sale in non-specialized stores with food, 
beverages or tobacco predominating
—
—
—
—
53
—
G.47.19 Other retail sale in non-specialized stores
—
—
—
—
76
1
G.47.23 Retail sale of fish, crustaceans and mollusks in 
specialized stores
—
—
—
—
—
—
G.47.29 Other retail sale of food in specialized stores
—
—
—
—
73
—
GAR SECTOR INFORMATION - CAPEX
Breakdown by sector - NACE 4 digits level (code and 
label)
Pollution (PPC)
Biodiversity and Ecosystems (BIO)
TOTAL (CCM + CCA)
Non-Financial corporates 
(Subject to NFRD)
SMEs and other NFC not 
subject to NFRD
Non-Financial corporates  
(Subject to NFRD)
SMEs and other NFC not 
subject to NFRD
Non-Financial corporates (Subject to 
NFRD)
SMEs and other NFC not subject to 
NFRD
[Gross] carrying amount
[Gross] carrying amount
[Gross] carrying amount
[Gross] carrying amount
[Gross] carrying amount
[Gross] carrying amount
Mn EUR
Of which 
environment
ally 
sustainable 
(CE)
Mn EUR
Of which 
environment
ally 
sustainable 
(CE)
Mn EUR
Of which 
environment
ally 
sustainable 
(PPC)
Mn EUR
Of which 
environment
ally 
sustainable 
(PPC)
Mn EUR
Of which 
environmentally 
sustainable (CCM + 
CCA + WTR + CE + 
PPC + BIO)
Mn EUR
Of which 
environmentally 
sustainable (CCM + 
CCA + WTR + CE + 
PPC + BIO)
Consolidated Management Report Consolidated Non-financial Information Statement
293
This English version is a translation of the original in Spanish for information purposes only. In case of a discrepancy, the Spanish original will prevail.

G.47.30 Retail sale of automotive fuel in specialized 
stores
—
—
—
—
2
2
G.47.41 Retail sale of computers, peripheral units and 
software in specialized stores
—
—
—
—
1
—
G.47.42 Retail sale of telecommunications equipment 
in specialized stores
—
—
—
—
—
—
G.47.43 Retail sale of audio and video equipment in 
specialized stores
—
—
—
—
—
—
G.47.52 Retail sale of hardware, paints and glass in 
specialized stores
—
—
—
—
—
—
G.47.54 Retail sale of electrical household appliances 
in specialized stores
—
—
—
—
5
—
G.47.61 Retail sale of books in specialized stores
—
—
—
—
1
—
G.47.71 Retail sale of clothing in specialized stores
—
—
—
—
—
—
G.47.74 Retail sale of medical and orthopedic goods in 
specialized stores
—
—
—
—
54
—
G.47.75 Retail sale of cosmetic and toilet articles in 
specialized stores
—
—
—
—
—
—
G.47.76 Retail sale of flowers, plants, seeds, fertilizers, 
pet animals and pet food in specialized stores
—
—
—
—
—
—
G.47.77 Retail sale of watches and jewelry in 
specialized stores
—
—
—
—
—
—
G.47.78 Other retail sale of new goods in specialized 
stores
—
—
—
—
202
—
G.47.89 Retail sale via stalls and markets of other 
goods
—
—
—
—
—
—
G.47.91 Retail sale via mail order houses or via Internet
—
—
—
—
—
—
G.47.99 Other retail sale not in stores, stalls or markets
—
—
—
—
—
—
H.49.10 Passenger rail transport, interurban
—
—
—
—
177
—
H.49.20 Freight rail transport
—
—
—
—
11
—
H.49.39 Other passenger land transport n.e.c.
—
—
—
—
1
—
H.49.41 Freight transport by road
—
—
—
—
24
2
H.49.50 Transport via pipeline
—
—
—
—
—
—
H.50.20 Sea and coastal freight water transport
—
—
—
—
24
11
H.51.10 Passenger air transport
—
—
—
—
—
—
H.51.21 Freight air transport
—
—
—
—
87
—
GAR SECTOR INFORMATION - CAPEX
Breakdown by sector - NACE 4 digits level (code and 
label)
Pollution (PPC)
Biodiversity and Ecosystems (BIO)
TOTAL (CCM + CCA)
Non-Financial corporates 
(Subject to NFRD)
SMEs and other NFC not 
subject to NFRD
Non-Financial corporates  
(Subject to NFRD)
SMEs and other NFC not 
subject to NFRD
Non-Financial corporates (Subject to 
NFRD)
SMEs and other NFC not subject to 
NFRD
[Gross] carrying amount
[Gross] carrying amount
[Gross] carrying amount
[Gross] carrying amount
[Gross] carrying amount
[Gross] carrying amount
Mn EUR
Of which 
environment
ally 
sustainable 
(CE)
Mn EUR
Of which 
environment
ally 
sustainable 
(CE)
Mn EUR
Of which 
environment
ally 
sustainable 
(PPC)
Mn EUR
Of which 
environment
ally 
sustainable 
(PPC)
Mn EUR
Of which 
environmentally 
sustainable (CCM + 
CCA + WTR + CE + 
PPC + BIO)
Mn EUR
Of which 
environmentally 
sustainable (CCM + 
CCA + WTR + CE + 
PPC + BIO)
Consolidated Management Report Consolidated Non-financial Information Statement
294
This English version is a translation of the original in Spanish for information purposes only. In case of a discrepancy, the Spanish original will prevail.

H.52.10 Warehousing and storage
—
—
—
—
—
—
H.52.21 Service activities incidental to land 
transportation
—
—
—
—
1
—
H.52.22 Service activities incidental to water 
transportation
—
—
—
—
—
—
H.52.23 Service activities incidental to air 
transportation
—
—
—
—
1
—
H.52.24 Cargo handling
—
—
—
—
2
1
H.52.29 Other transportation support activities
—
—
—
—
728
305
I.55.10 Hotels and similar accommodation
—
—
309
—
309
—
I.56.10 Restaurants and mobile food service activities
—
—
—
—
1
—
J.58.11 Book publishing
—
—
—
—
—
—
J.58.13 Publishing of newspapers
—
—
—
—
—
—
J.58.14 Publishing of journals and periodicals
—
—
—
—
—
—
J.58.19 Other publishing activities
—
—
—
—
1
—
J.59.11 Motion picture, video and television programme 
production activities
—
—
—
—
—
—
J.59.20 Sound recording and music publishing 
activities
—
—
—
—
3
—
J.60.20 Television programming and broadcasting 
activities
—
—
—
—
14
—
J.61.10 Wired telecommunications activities
—
—
—
—
318
16
J.61.20 Wireless telecommunications activities
—
—
—
—
475
—
J.61.30 Satellite telecommunications activities
—
—
—
—
—
—
J.61.90 Other telecommunications activities
—
—
—
—
1,212
8
J.62.01 Computer programming activities
—
—
—
—
28
—
J.62.02 Computer consultancy activities
—
—
—
—
30
—
J.62.09 Other information technology and computer 
service activities
—
—
—
—
35
3
J.63.11 Data processing, hosting and related activities
—
—
—
—
—
—
J.63.12 Web portals
—
—
—
—
—
—
K.64.19 Other monetary intermediation
—
—
—
—
2
—
K.64.20 Activities of holding companies
—
—
—
—
155
—
K.64.91 Financial leasing
—
—
—
—
347
97
GAR SECTOR INFORMATION - CAPEX
Breakdown by sector - NACE 4 digits level (code and 
label)
Pollution (PPC)
Biodiversity and Ecosystems (BIO)
TOTAL (CCM + CCA)
Non-Financial corporates 
(Subject to NFRD)
SMEs and other NFC not 
subject to NFRD
Non-Financial corporates  
(Subject to NFRD)
SMEs and other NFC not 
subject to NFRD
Non-Financial corporates (Subject to 
NFRD)
SMEs and other NFC not subject to 
NFRD
[Gross] carrying amount
[Gross] carrying amount
[Gross] carrying amount
[Gross] carrying amount
[Gross] carrying amount
[Gross] carrying amount
Mn EUR
Of which 
environment
ally 
sustainable 
(CE)
Mn EUR
Of which 
environment
ally 
sustainable 
(CE)
Mn EUR
Of which 
environment
ally 
sustainable 
(PPC)
Mn EUR
Of which 
environment
ally 
sustainable 
(PPC)
Mn EUR
Of which 
environmentally 
sustainable (CCM + 
CCA + WTR + CE + 
PPC + BIO)
Mn EUR
Of which 
environmentally 
sustainable (CCM + 
CCA + WTR + CE + 
PPC + BIO)
Consolidated Management Report Consolidated Non-financial Information Statement
295
This English version is a translation of the original in Spanish for information purposes only. In case of a discrepancy, the Spanish original will prevail.

K.64.99 Other financial service activities, except 
insurance and pension funding n.e.c.
—
—
—
—
20
6
K.65.12 Non-life insurance
—
—
—
—
—
—
K.66.19 Other activities auxiliary to financial services, 
except insurance and pension funding
—
—
—
—
1
1
L.68.10 Buying and selling of own real estate
—
—
—
—
—
—
L.68.20 Renting and operating of own or leased real 
estate
1
—
—
—
93
1
L.68.32 Management of real estate on a fee or contract 
basis
—
—
—
—
—
—
M.69.20 Accounting, bookkeeping and auditing 
activities; tax consultancy
—
—
—
—
—
—
M.70.22 Business and other management consultancy 
activities
—
—
—
—
—
—
M.71.11 Architectural activities
—
—
—
—
—
—
M.71.12 Engineering activities and related technical 
consultancy
—
—
—
—
77
4
M.71.20 Technical testing and analysis
—
—
—
—
—
—
M.72.11 Research and experimental development on 
biotechnology
—
—
—
—
—
—
M.72.19 Other research and experimental development 
on natural sciences and engineering
—
—
—
—
—
—
M.73.11 Advertising agencies
—
—
—
—
—
—
M.73.20 Market research and public opinion polling
—
—
—
—
—
—
M.74.90 Other professional, scientific and technical 
activities n.e.c.
—
—
—
—
30
5
N.77.11 Renting and leasing of cars and light motor 
vehicles
—
—
—
—
69
1
N.78.10 Activities of employment placement agencies
—
—
—
—
—
—
N.79.11 Travel agency activities
—
—
—
—
—
—
N.80.10 Private security activities
—
—
—
—
—
—
N.80.20 Security systems service activities
—
—
—
—
224
—
N.81.10 Combined facilities support activities
—
—
—
—
9
1
N.81.29 Other cleaning activities
—
—
—
—
—
—
N.81.30 Landscape service activities
—
—
—
—
1
1
GAR SECTOR INFORMATION - CAPEX
Breakdown by sector - NACE 4 digits level (code and 
label)
Pollution (PPC)
Biodiversity and Ecosystems (BIO)
TOTAL (CCM + CCA)
Non-Financial corporates 
(Subject to NFRD)
SMEs and other NFC not 
subject to NFRD
Non-Financial corporates  
(Subject to NFRD)
SMEs and other NFC not 
subject to NFRD
Non-Financial corporates (Subject to 
NFRD)
SMEs and other NFC not subject to 
NFRD
[Gross] carrying amount
[Gross] carrying amount
[Gross] carrying amount
[Gross] carrying amount
[Gross] carrying amount
[Gross] carrying amount
Mn EUR
Of which 
environment
ally 
sustainable 
(CE)
Mn EUR
Of which 
environment
ally 
sustainable 
(CE)
Mn EUR
Of which 
environment
ally 
sustainable 
(PPC)
Mn EUR
Of which 
environment
ally 
sustainable 
(PPC)
Mn EUR
Of which 
environmentally 
sustainable (CCM + 
CCA + WTR + CE + 
PPC + BIO)
Mn EUR
Of which 
environmentally 
sustainable (CCM + 
CCA + WTR + CE + 
PPC + BIO)
Consolidated Management Report Consolidated Non-financial Information Statement
296
This English version is a translation of the original in Spanish for information purposes only. In case of a discrepancy, the Spanish original will prevail.

N.82.11 Combined office administrative service 
activities
—
—
—
—
—
—
N.82.20 Activities of call centers
—
—
—
—
—
—
N.82.91 Activities of collection agencies and credit 
bureaus
—
—
—
—
—
—
N.82.99 Other business support service activities n.e.c.
—
—
—
—
6
5
O.84.11 General public administration activities
—
—
—
—
1
—
P.85.59 Other education n.e.c.
—
—
—
—
—
—
Q.86.10 Hospital activities
—
—
—
—
2
1
Q.86.21 General medical practice activities
—
—
—
—
2
—
Q.86.22 Specialist medical practice activities
—
—
—
—
—
—
Q.86.90 Other human health activities
1
—
—
—
1
—
Q.87.10 Residential nursing care activities
—
—
—
—
56
—
Q.87.20 Residential care activities for mental 
retardation, mental health and substance abuse
—
—
—
—
—
—
Q.87.30 Residential care activities for the elderly and 
disabled
—
—
—
—
1
—
Q.87.90 Other residential care activities
—
—
—
—
1
—
R.90.01 Performing arts
—
—
—
—
—
—
R.93.21 Activities of amusement parks and theme 
parks
—
—
—
—
—
—
R.93.29 Other amusement and recreation activities
—
—
—
—
—
—
S.94.99 Activities of other membership organizations 
n.e.c.
—
—
—
—
—
—
S.95.11 Repair of computers and peripheral equipment
—
—
—
—
1
1
S.96.03 Funeral and related activities
—
—
—
—
—
—
1. The present information has been prepared in accordance with Commission Delegated Regulation (EU) 2021/2178, of July 6, 2021, which supplements Regulation (EU) 2020/852 of the European Parliament and of the Council by specifying the content 
and the presentation of information on environmentally sustainable economic activities
2. Customers' economic activities are classified as eligible or aligned in accordance with the Delegated Acts supplementing Regulation (EU) 2020/852 of the European Parliament and of the Council. Specifically, the economic activities covered by 
Delegated Regulations (EU) 2021/2139 on mitigation and adaptation to climate change have been taken into consideration.
3. Clients' economic activities are classified as eligible or aligned taking into account the modifications implemented by Commission Delegated Regulation (EU) 2022/1214 of March 9, 2022, which includes economic activities in certain energy sectors, and 
Commission Delegated Regulation (EU) 2023/2485 of 27 June 2023 establishing additional technical criteria.
4. The information includes the BBVA Group total prudential balance. In terms of breakdown of environmental objectives, the most significant entities are included and correspond to 96% of the total assets. The financial assets analyzed correspond to the 
categories of financial instruments valued “At amortized cost”, “Fair Value with Changes in Other Comprehensive Income (FVOCI)”, “Fair Value with Changes in P&L” and “Non-negotiable at Fair Value with changes in result.
GAR SECTOR INFORMATION - CAPEX
Breakdown by sector - NACE 4 digits level (code and 
label)
Pollution (PPC)
Biodiversity and Ecosystems (BIO)
TOTAL (CCM + CCA)
Non-Financial corporates 
(Subject to NFRD)
SMEs and other NFC not 
subject to NFRD
Non-Financial corporates  
(Subject to NFRD)
SMEs and other NFC not 
subject to NFRD
Non-Financial corporates (Subject to 
NFRD)
SMEs and other NFC not subject to 
NFRD
[Gross] carrying amount
[Gross] carrying amount
[Gross] carrying amount
[Gross] carrying amount
[Gross] carrying amount
[Gross] carrying amount
Mn EUR
Of which 
environment
ally 
sustainable 
(CE)
Mn EUR
Of which 
environment
ally 
sustainable 
(CE)
Mn EUR
Of which 
environment
ally 
sustainable 
(PPC)
Mn EUR
Of which 
environment
ally 
sustainable 
(PPC)
Mn EUR
Of which 
environmentally 
sustainable (CCM + 
CCA + WTR + CE + 
PPC + BIO)
Mn EUR
Of which 
environmentally 
sustainable (CCM + 
CCA + WTR + CE + 
PPC + BIO)
Consolidated Management Report Consolidated Non-financial Information Statement
297
This English version is a translation of the original in Spanish for information purposes only. In case of a discrepancy, the Spanish original will prevail.

5. NFRD counterparties are those subject to Directive 2014/95/EU (the Non-Financial Reporting Directive or NFRD), such as large listed companies, banks and insurance companies, with more than 500 employees. BBVA identifies NFRD counterparties 
mainly in two ways: i) review of the registered office in a country of the European Union and ii) more than 500 employees. In the event that the previous criterion is not met and if the client belongs to a business group, the same review is carried out at the 
parent company level.
6. Eligibility information for NFRD counterparties is obtained through an external reference provider in the sector, which obtains EU taxonomy KPI information directly from their corporate reports, EINF or equivalent. In the case of NFRD clients for whom 
the information has not been provided through the previous means, the information from their corporate reports is captured by BBVA or the client's main activity is analyzed to establish their eligibility.
7. While exposures to governments and central banks are excluded from the GAR calculation symmetrically, from the numerator and denominator, financing to small and medium-sized enterprises that do not fall within the scope of the NFRD or financing 
outside EU (even if they meet the taxonomy criteria requirements) cannot qualify as aligned with the taxonomy. Furthermore, activities not covered by the EU taxonomy will be excluded from the numerator, but not from the denominator of GAR.
GAR SECTOR INFORMATION - CAPEX
Breakdown by sector - NACE 4 digits level (code and 
label)
Pollution (PPC)
Biodiversity and Ecosystems (BIO)
TOTAL (CCM + CCA)
Non-Financial corporates 
(Subject to NFRD)
SMEs and other NFC not 
subject to NFRD
Non-Financial corporates  
(Subject to NFRD)
SMEs and other NFC not 
subject to NFRD
Non-Financial corporates (Subject to 
NFRD)
SMEs and other NFC not subject to 
NFRD
[Gross] carrying amount
[Gross] carrying amount
[Gross] carrying amount
[Gross] carrying amount
[Gross] carrying amount
[Gross] carrying amount
Mn EUR
Of which 
environment
ally 
sustainable 
(CE)
Mn EUR
Of which 
environment
ally 
sustainable 
(CE)
Mn EUR
Of which 
environment
ally 
sustainable 
(PPC)
Mn EUR
Of which 
environment
ally 
sustainable 
(PPC)
Mn EUR
Of which 
environmentally 
sustainable (CCM + 
CCA + WTR + CE + 
PPC + BIO)
Mn EUR
Of which 
environmentally 
sustainable (CCM + 
CCA + WTR + CE + 
PPC + BIO)
Consolidated Management Report Consolidated Non-financial Information Statement
298
This English version is a translation of the original in Spanish for information purposes only. In case of a discrepancy, the Spanish original will prevail.

GAR - Covered assets in both numerator and 
denominator
Loans and advances, debt securities and equity 
instruments not HfT eligible for GAR calculation
 53.98 
 1.25 
 0.50 
 0.15 
 0.39 
 0.51 
 — 
 — 
 — 
 — 
 — 
 — 
 — 
 1.97 
 — 
 — 
 — 
Financial corporations 
 22.98 
 1.76 
 — 
 0.11 
 0.42 
 8.58 
 0.01 
 — 
 — 
 — 
 — 
 — 
 — 
 0.64 
 — 
 — 
 — 
Credit institutions
 22.26 
 1.56 
 — 
 0.13 
 0.18 
 10.54 
 — 
 — 
 — 
 — 
 — 
 — 
 — 
 — 
 — 
 — 
 — 
Loans and advances
 20.00 
 1.49 
 — 
 0.08 
 0.19 
 11.42 
 — 
 — 
 — 
 — 
 — 
 — 
 — 
 — 
 — 
 — 
 — 
Debt securities, including UoP
 28.69 
 1.77 
 — 
 0.27 
 0.16 
 8.30 
 0.02 
 — 
 — 
 — 
 — 
 — 
 — 
 — 
 — 
 — 
 — 
Equity instruments
 20.31 
 0.98 
 0.25 
 0.20 
 0.02 
 — 
 — 
 — 
 — 
 — 
 — 
 — 
 — 
Other financial corporations
 26.10 
 2.62 
 — 
 0.04 
 1.45 
 0.02 
 0.02 
 — 
 — 
 — 
 — 
 — 
 — 
 3.42 
 — 
 — 
 — 
of which investment firms
 25.32 
 0.99 
 — 
 0.52 
 0.18 
 0.10 
 0.05 
 — 
 — 
 — 
 — 
 — 
 — 
 20.10 
 — 
 — 
 — 
Loans and advances
 26.56 
 1.04 
 — 
 0.55 
 0.19 
 0.10 
 0.05 
 — 
 — 
 — 
 — 
 — 
 — 
 21.09 
 — 
 — 
 — 
Debt securities, including UoP
 — 
 — 
 — 
 — 
 — 
 — 
 — 
 — 
 — 
 — 
 — 
 — 
 — 
 — 
 — 
 — 
 — 
Equity instruments
 — 
 — 
 — 
 — 
 — 
 — 
 — 
 — 
 — 
 — 
 — 
 — 
 — 
of which  management companies
 67.00 
 12.36 
 — 
 0.60 
 8.28 
 0.05 
 0.05 
 — 
 — 
 — 
 — 
 — 
 — 
 — 
 — 
 — 
 — 
Loans and advances
 67.19 
 12.40 
 — 
 0.60 
 8.30 
 0.05 
 0.05 
 — 
 0.05 
 — 
 — 
 — 
 — 
 — 
 — 
 — 
 — 
Debt securities, including UoP
 — 
 — 
 — 
 — 
 — 
 — 
 — 
 — 
 — 
 — 
 — 
 — 
 — 
 — 
 — 
 — 
 — 
Equity instruments
 — 
 — 
 — 
 — 
 — 
 — 
 — 
 — 
 — 
 — 
 — 
 — 
 — 
of which insurance undertakings
 — 
 — 
 — 
 — 
 — 
 — 
 — 
 — 
 — 
 — 
 — 
 — 
 — 
 — 
 — 
 — 
 — 
Loans and advances
 — 
 — 
 — 
 — 
 — 
 — 
 — 
 — 
 — 
 — 
 — 
 — 
 — 
 0.02 
 — 
 — 
 — 
Debt securities, including UoP
 — 
 — 
 — 
 — 
 — 
 — 
 — 
 — 
 — 
 — 
 — 
 — 
 — 
 — 
 — 
 — 
 — 
Equity instruments
 — 
 — 
 — 
 — 
 — 
 — 
 — 
 — 
 — 
 — 
 — 
 — 
 — 
Non-financial corporations
 30.48 
 6.81 
 0.05 
 1.43 
 3.72 
 1.54 
 0.01 
 — 
 — 
 0.02 
 — 
 — 
 — 
 19.65 
 — 
 — 
 — 
Loans and advances
 31.08 
 6.47 
 — 
 1.48 
 3.33 
 1.67 
 — 
 — 
 — 
 0.02 
 — 
 — 
 — 
 18.33 
 — 
 — 
 — 
Debt securities, including UoP
 29.71 
 14.97 
 0.82 
 1.29 
 11.73 
 0.08 
 0.01 
 — 
 — 
 0.02 
 — 
 — 
 — 
 9.84 
 — 
 — 
 — 
Equity instruments
 11.12 
 1.43 
 — 
 0.47 
 0.01 
 — 
 — 
 — 
 — 
 — 
 86.00 
 — 
 — 
Households
 59.38 
 0.59 
 0.59 
 — 
 — 
 — 
 — 
 — 
 — 
 — 
 — 
 — 
 — 
of which loans collateralized by 
residential immovable property
 100.00 
 1.12 
 1.12 
 — 
 — 
 — 
 — 
 — 
 — 
 — 
 — 
 — 
 — 
of which building renovation loans
 100.00 
 — 
 — 
 — 
 — 
 — 
 — 
 — 
 — 
 — 
 — 
 — 
 — 
of which motor vehicle loans
 100.00 
 0.18 
 0.18 
 — 
 — 
Local governments financing
 — 
 — 
 — 
 — 
 — 
 — 
 — 
 — 
 — 
 — 
 — 
 — 
 — 
 — 
 — 
 — 
 — 
Housing financing
 — 
 — 
 — 
 — 
 — 
 — 
 — 
 — 
 — 
 — 
 — 
 — 
 — 
 — 
 — 
 — 
 — 
GAR KPI STOCK - TURNOVER
% (compared to total covered assets in the 
denominator)
2024
Climate Change Mitigation (CCM)
Climate Change Adaptation (CCA)
Water and marine resources (WTR)
Circular economy (CE)
Proportion of total covered assets funding taxonomy relevant 
sectors (Taxonomy-eligible)
Proportion of total covered assets funding 
taxonomy relevant sectors (Taxonomy-eligible)
Proportion of total covered assets funding 
taxonomy relevant sectors (Taxonomy-eligible)
Proportion of total covered assets funding 
taxonomy relevant sectors (Taxonomy-eligible)
Proportion of total covered assets funding 
taxonomy relevant sectors (Taxonomy-aligned)
Proportion of total covered assets 
funding taxonomy relevant sectors 
(Taxonomy-aligned)
Proportion of total covered assets 
funding taxonomy relevant sectors 
(Taxonomy-aligned)
Proportion of total covered assets 
funding taxonomy relevant sectors 
(Taxonomy-aligned)
Of which 
Use of 
Proceeds
Of which 
transitional
Of which 
enabling
Of which 
Use of 
Proceeds
Of which 
enabling
Of which 
Use of 
Proceeds
Of which 
enabling
Of which 
Use of 
Proceeds
Of which 
enabling
Consolidated Management Report Consolidated Non-financial Information Statement
299
This English version is a translation of the original in Spanish for information purposes only. In case of a discrepancy, the Spanish original will prevail.

Other local government financing
 — 
 — 
 — 
 — 
 — 
 — 
 — 
 — 
 — 
 — 
 — 
 — 
 — 
 — 
 — 
 — 
 — 
Collateral obtained by taking possession: 
residential and commercial immovable 
properties
 83.39 
 0.65 
 0.65 
 — 
 — 
 — 
 — 
 — 
 — 
 — 
 — 
 — 
 — 
 — 
 — 
 — 
 — 
Total GAR assets
 24.81 
 0.57 
 0.23 
 0.07 
 0.18 
 0.23 
 — 
 — 
 — 
 — 
 — 
 — 
 — 
 0.90 
 — 
 — 
 — 
1. The present information has been prepared in accordance with Commission Delegated Regulation (EU) 2021/2178, of July 6, 2021, which supplements Regulation (EU) 2020/852 of the European Parliament and of the Council by specifying the content and the presentation of 
information on environmentally sustainable economic activities
2. Customers' economic activities are classified as eligible or aligned in accordance with the Delegated Acts supplementing Regulation (EU) 2020/852 of the European Parliament and of the Council. Specifically, the economic activities covered by Delegated Regulations (EU) 
2021/2139 on mitigation and adaptation to climate change have been taken into consideration.
3. Clients' economic activities are classified as eligible or aligned taking into account the modifications implemented by Commission Delegated Regulation (EU) 2022/1214 of March 9, 2022, which includes economic activities in certain energy sectors, and Commission Delegated 
Regulation (EU) 2023/2485 of 27 June 2023 establishing additional technical criteria.
4. The information includes the BBVA Group total prudential balance. In terms of breakdown of environmental objectives, the most significant entities are included and correspond to 96% of the total assets. The financial assets analyzed correspond to the categories of financial 
instruments valued “At amortized cost”, “Fair Value with Changes in Other Comprehensive Income (FVOCI)”, “Fair Value with Changes in P&L” and “Non-negotiable at Fair Value with changes in result.
5. NFRD counterparties are those subject to Directive 2014/95/EU (the Non-Financial Reporting Directive or NFRD), such as large listed companies, banks and insurance companies, with more than 500 employees. BBVA identifies NFRD counterparties mainly in two ways: i) review 
of the registered office in a country of the European Union and ii) more than 500 employees. In the event that the previous criterion is not met and if the client belongs to a business group, the same review is carried out at the parent company level.
6. Eligibility information for NFRD counterparties is obtained through an external reference provider in the sector, which obtains EU taxonomy KPI information directly from their corporate reports, EINF or equivalent. In the case of NFRD clients for whom the information has not been 
provided through the previous means, the information from their corporate reports is captured by BBVA or the client's main activity is analyzed to establish their eligibility.
7. Exposure to individuals includes self-employed workers, in which case the activity code (NACE) is reviewed to determine eligibility. The rest of the exposure corresponding to the individual segment is reviewed for the use of funds to be considered eligible, for example, in the case 
of housing loans. EU Taxonomy activity 7.7 Acquisition and ownership of buildings, EU Taxonomy activity 7.2 Renovation of independently existing buildings, or Cars: EUT 6.5 Transport by motorcycles, passenger cars and light commercial vehicles)
8. While exposures to governments and central banks are excluded from the GAR calculation symmetrically, from the numerator and denominator, financing to small and medium-sized enterprises that do not fall within the scope of the NFRD or financing outside EU (even if they 
meet the taxonomy criteria requirements) cannot qualify as aligned with the taxonomy. Furthermore, activities not covered by the EU taxonomy will be excluded from the numerator, but not from the denominator of GAR.
GAR KPI STOCK - TURNOVER
% (compared to total covered assets in the 
denominator)
2024
Climate Change Mitigation (CCM)
Climate Change Adaptation (CCA)
Water and marine resources (WTR)
Circular economy (CE)
Proportion of total covered assets funding taxonomy relevant 
sectors (Taxonomy-eligible)
Proportion of total covered assets funding 
taxonomy relevant sectors (Taxonomy-eligible)
Proportion of total covered assets funding 
taxonomy relevant sectors (Taxonomy-eligible)
Proportion of total covered assets funding 
taxonomy relevant sectors (Taxonomy-eligible)
Proportion of total covered assets funding 
taxonomy relevant sectors (Taxonomy-aligned)
Proportion of total covered assets 
funding taxonomy relevant sectors 
(Taxonomy-aligned)
Proportion of total covered assets 
funding taxonomy relevant sectors 
(Taxonomy-aligned)
Proportion of total covered assets 
funding taxonomy relevant sectors 
(Taxonomy-aligned)
Of which 
Use of 
Proceeds
Of which 
transitional
Of which 
enabling
Of which 
Use of 
Proceeds
Of which 
enabling
Of which 
Use of 
Proceeds
Of which 
enabling
Of which 
Use of 
Proceeds
Of which 
enabling
Consolidated Management Report Consolidated Non-financial Information Statement
300
This English version is a translation of the original in Spanish for information purposes only. In case of a discrepancy, the Spanish original will prevail.

GAR - Covered assets in both numerator and 
denominator
Loans and advances, debt securities and equity 
instruments not HfT eligible for GAR calculation
 0.06 
 — 
 — 
 — 
 0.14 
 — 
 — 
 — 
 56.67 
 1.25 
 0.50 
 0.15 
 0.39 
 29.87 
Financial corporations 
 0.06 
 — 
 — 
 — 
 — 
 — 
 — 
 — 
 32.26 
 1.76 
 — 
 0.11 
 0.42 
 1.25 
Credit institutions
 — 
 — 
 — 
 — 
 — 
 — 
 — 
 — 
 32.81 
 1.56 
 — 
 0.13 
 0.18 
 1.02 
Loans and advances
 — 
 — 
 — 
 — 
 — 
 — 
 — 
 — 
 31.43 
 1.49 
 — 
 0.08 
 0.19 
 0.75 
Debt securities, including UoP
 — 
 — 
 — 
 — 
 — 
 — 
 — 
 — 
 36.99 
 1.79 
 — 
 0.27 
 0.16 
 0.26 
Equity instruments
 — 
 — 
 — 
 — 
 — 
 — 
 20.33 
 0.98 
 0.25 
 0.20 
 0.01 
Other financial corporations
 0.32 
 — 
 — 
 — 
 — 
 — 
 — 
 — 
 29.85 
 2.64 
 — 
 0.04 
 1.46 
 0.23 
of which investment firms
 — 
 — 
 — 
 — 
 — 
 — 
 — 
 — 
 45.52 
 1.04 
 — 
 0.52 
 0.18 
 — 
Loans and advances
 — 
 — 
 — 
 — 
 — 
 — 
 — 
 — 
 47.75 
 1.09 
 — 
 0.55 
 0.19 
 — 
Debt securities, including UoP
 — 
 — 
 — 
 — 
 — 
 — 
 — 
 — 
 — 
 — 
 — 
 — 
 — 
 — 
Equity instruments
 — 
 — 
 — 
 — 
 — 
 — 
 — 
 — 
 — 
 — 
 — 
of which  management companies
 — 
 — 
 — 
 — 
 — 
 — 
 — 
 — 
 67.05 
 12.41 
 — 
 0.60 
 8.33 
 0.01 
Loans and advances
 — 
 — 
 — 
 — 
 — 
 — 
 — 
 — 
 67.25 
 12.45 
 — 
 0.60 
 8.35 
 0.01 
Debt securities, including UoP
 — 
 — 
 — 
 — 
 — 
 — 
 — 
 — 
 — 
 — 
 — 
 — 
 — 
 — 
Equity instruments
 — 
 — 
 — 
 — 
 — 
 — 
 — 
 — 
 — 
 — 
 — 
of which insurance undertakings
 — 
 — 
 — 
 — 
 — 
 — 
 — 
 — 
 — 
 — 
 — 
 — 
 — 
 — 
Loans and advances
 — 
 — 
 — 
 — 
 — 
 — 
 — 
 — 
 0.02 
 — 
 — 
 — 
 — 
 — 
Debt securities, including UoP
 — 
 — 
 — 
 — 
 — 
 — 
 — 
 — 
 — 
 — 
 — 
 — 
 — 
 — 
Equity instruments
 — 
 — 
 — 
 — 
 — 
 — 
 — 
 — 
 — 
 — 
 — 
Non-financial corporations
 0.54 
 — 
 — 
 — 
 1.40 
 — 
 — 
 — 
 53.63 
 6.81 
 0.05 
 1.43 
 3.72 
 2.96 
Loans and advances
 0.46 
 — 
 — 
 — 
 1.53 
 — 
 — 
 — 
 53.09 
 6.48 
 — 
 1.48 
 3.33 
 2.72 
Debt securities, including UoP
 0.85 
 — 
 — 
 — 
 — 
 — 
 — 
 — 
 40.50 
 14.98 
 0.82 
 1.29 
 11.73 
 0.16 
Equity instruments
 2.87 
 — 
 — 
 — 
 — 
 — 
 100.00 
 1.43 
 — 
 0.47 
 0.08 
Households
 59.38 
 0.59 
 0.59 
 — 
 — 
 25.15 
of which loans collateralized by 
residential immovable property
 100.00 
 1.12 
 1.12 
 — 
 — 
 13.04 
of which building renovation loans
 100.00 
 — 
 — 
 — 
 — 
 0.59 
of which motor vehicle loans
Local governments financing
 — 
 — 
 — 
 — 
 — 
 — 
 — 
 — 
 — 
 — 
 — 
 — 
 — 
 0.51 
Housing financing
 — 
 — 
 — 
 — 
 — 
 — 
 — 
 — 
 — 
 — 
 — 
 — 
 — 
 — 
GAR KPI STOCK - TURNOVER
% (compared to total covered assets in the 
denominator)
2024
Pollution (PPC)
Biodiversity and Ecosystems (BIO)
TOTAL (CCM + CCA + WTR + CE + PPC + BIO)
Proportion of total covered assets funding 
taxonomy relevant sectors (Taxonomy-eligible)
Proportion of total covered assets funding 
taxonomy relevant sectors (Taxonomy-eligible)
Proportion of total covered assets funding taxonomy relevant 
sectors (Taxonomy-eligible)
Proportion 
of total 
assets 
covered
Proportion of total covered assets 
funding taxonomy relevant sectors 
(Taxonomy-aligned)
Proportion of total covered assets 
funding taxonomy relevant sectors 
(Taxonomy-aligned)
Proportion of total covered assets funding 
taxonomy relevant sectors (Taxonomy-aligned)
Of which 
Use of 
Proceeds
Of which 
enabling
Of which 
Use of 
Proceeds
Of which 
enabling
Of which 
Use of 
Proceeds
Of which 
transitional
Of which 
enabling
Consolidated Management Report Consolidated Non-financial Information Statement
301
This English version is a translation of the original in Spanish for information purposes only. In case of a discrepancy, the Spanish original will prevail.

Other local government financing
 — 
 — 
 — 
 — 
 — 
 — 
 — 
 — 
 — 
 — 
 — 
 — 
 — 
 0.51 
Collateral obtained by taking possession: 
residential and commercial immovable 
properties
 — 
 — 
 — 
 — 
 — 
 — 
 — 
 — 
 83.39 
 0.65 
 0.65 
 — 
 — 
 0.11 
Total GAR assets
 0.03 
 — 
 — 
 — 
 0.06 
 — 
 — 
 — 
 26.03 
 0.57 
 0.23 
 0.07 
 0.18 
 65.36 
1. The present information has been prepared in accordance with Commission Delegated Regulation (EU) 2021/2178, of July 6, 2021, which supplements Regulation (EU) 2020/852 of the European Parliament and of the Council by specifying 
the content and the presentation of information on environmentally sustainable economic activities
2. Customers' economic activities are classified as eligible or aligned in accordance with the Delegated Acts supplementing Regulation (EU) 2020/852 of the European Parliament and of the Council. Specifically, the economic activities covered 
by Delegated Regulations (EU) 2021/2139 on mitigation and adaptation to climate change have been taken into consideration.
3. Clients' economic activities are classified as eligible or aligned taking into account the modifications implemented by Commission Delegated Regulation (EU) 2022/1214 of March 9, 2022, which includes economic activities in certain energy 
sectors, and Commission Delegated Regulation (EU) 2023/2485 of 27 June 2023 establishing additional technical criteria.
4. The information includes the BBVA Group total prudential balance. In terms of breakdown of environmental objectives, the most significant entities are included and correspond to 96% of the total assets. The financial assets analyzed 
correspond to the categories of financial instruments valued “At amortized cost”, “Fair Value with Changes in Other Comprehensive Income (FVOCI)”, “Fair Value with Changes in P&L” and “Non-negotiable at Fair Value with changes in result.
5. NFRD counterparties are those subject to Directive 2014/95/EU (the Non-Financial Reporting Directive or NFRD), such as large listed companies, banks and insurance companies, with more than 500 employees. BBVA identifies NFRD 
counterparties mainly in two ways: i) review of the registered office in a country of the European Union and ii) more than 500 employees. In the event that the previous criterion is not met and if the client belongs to a business group, the same 
review is carried out at the parent company level.
6. Eligibility information for NFRD counterparties is obtained through an external reference provider in the sector, which obtains EU taxonomy KPI information directly from their corporate reports, EINF or equivalent. In the case of NFRD clients 
for whom the information has not been provided through the previous means, the information from their corporate reports is captured by BBVA or the client's main activity is analyzed to establish their eligibility.
7. Exposure to individuals includes self-employed workers, in which case the activity code (NACE) is reviewed to determine eligibility. The rest of the exposure corresponding to the individual segment is reviewed for the use of funds to be 
considered eligible, for example, in the case of housing loans. EU Taxonomy activity 7.7 Acquisition and ownership of buildings, EU Taxonomy activity 7.2 Renovation of independently existing buildings, or Cars: EUT 6.5 Transport by 
motorcycles, passenger cars and light commercial vehicles)
8. While exposures to governments and central banks are excluded from the GAR calculation symmetrically, from the numerator and denominator, financing to small and medium-sized enterprises that do not fall within the scope of the NFRD 
or financing outside EU (even if they meet the taxonomy criteria requirements) cannot qualify as aligned with the taxonomy. Furthermore, activities not covered by the EU taxonomy will be excluded from the numerator, but not from the 
denominator of GAR.
GAR KPI STOCK - TURNOVER
% (compared to total covered assets in the 
denominator)
2024
Pollution (PPC)
Biodiversity and Ecosystems (BIO)
TOTAL (CCM + CCA + WTR + CE + PPC + BIO)
Proportion of total covered assets funding 
taxonomy relevant sectors (Taxonomy-eligible)
Proportion of total covered assets funding 
taxonomy relevant sectors (Taxonomy-eligible)
Proportion of total covered assets funding taxonomy relevant 
sectors (Taxonomy-eligible)
Proportion 
of total 
assets 
covered
Proportion of total covered assets 
funding taxonomy relevant sectors 
(Taxonomy-aligned)
Proportion of total covered assets 
funding taxonomy relevant sectors 
(Taxonomy-aligned)
Proportion of total covered assets funding 
taxonomy relevant sectors (Taxonomy-aligned)
Of which 
Use of 
Proceeds
Of which 
enabling
Of which 
Use of 
Proceeds
Of which 
enabling
Of which 
Use of 
Proceeds
Of which 
transitional
Of which 
enabling
Consolidated Management Report Consolidated Non-financial Information Statement
302
This English version is a translation of the original in Spanish for information purposes only. In case of a discrepancy, the Spanish original will prevail.

GAR - Covered assets in both numerator 
and denominator
Loans and advances, debt securities and equity 
instruments not HfT eligible for GAR calculation
 54.56 
 1.84 
 0.50 
 0.16 
 0.50 
 0.52 
 — 
 — 
 — 
 — 
 — 
 — 
 — 
 1.88 
 — 
 — 
 — 
Financial corporations
 24.32 
 2.93 
 — 
 0.14 
 0.90 
 8.58 
 0.01 
 — 
 — 
 — 
 — 
 — 
 — 
 0.64 
 — 
 — 
 — 
Credit institutions
 22.58 
 1.88 
 — 
 0.16 
 0.36 
 10.55 
 0.01 
 — 
 — 
 — 
 — 
 — 
 — 
 — 
 — 
 — 
 — 
Loans and advances
 20.30 
 1.78 
 — 
 0.10 
 0.37 
 11.43 
 0.01 
 — 
 — 
 — 
 — 
 — 
 — 
 — 
 — 
 — 
 — 
Debt securities, including UoP
 29.04 
 2.16 
 — 
 0.32 
 0.30 
 8.30 
 0.02 
 — 
 — 
 — 
 — 
 — 
 — 
 — 
 — 
 — 
 — 
Equity instruments
 21.01 
 1.50 
 0.47 
 0.36 
 0.06 
 0.02 
 — 
 — 
 — 
 — 
 — 
 — 
 — 
Other financial corporations
 31.91 
 7.53 
 — 
 0.03 
 3.29 
 0.01 
 0.01 
 — 
 — 
 0.01 
 — 
 — 
 — 
 3.42 
 — 
 — 
 — 
of which investment firms
 25.30 
 1.26 
 — 
 0.52 
 0.30 
 0.08 
 0.04 
 — 
 — 
 — 
 — 
 — 
 — 
 20.10 
 — 
 — 
 — 
Loans and advances
 26.54 
 1.32 
 — 
 0.55 
 0.31 
 0.09 
 0.04 
 — 
 — 
 — 
 — 
 — 
 — 
 21.09 
 — 
 — 
 — 
Debt securities, including UoP
 — 
 — 
 — 
 — 
 — 
 — 
 — 
 — 
 — 
 — 
 — 
 — 
 — 
 — 
 — 
 — 
 — 
Equity instruments
 — 
 — 
 — 
 — 
 — 
 — 
 — 
 — 
 — 
 — 
 — 
 — 
 — 
of which  management companies
 33.20 
 10.27 
 — 
 — 
 9.47 
 — 
 — 
 — 
 — 
 — 
 — 
 — 
 — 
 — 
 — 
 — 
 — 
Loans and advances
 33.30 
 10.30 
 — 
 — 
 9.50 
 — 
 — 
 — 
 — 
 — 
 — 
 — 
 — 
 — 
 — 
 — 
 — 
Debt securities, including UoP
 — 
 — 
 — 
 — 
 — 
 — 
 — 
 — 
 — 
 — 
 — 
 — 
 — 
 — 
 — 
 — 
 — 
Equity instruments
 — 
 — 
 — 
 — 
 — 
 — 
 — 
 — 
 — 
 — 
 — 
 — 
 — 
of which insurance undertakings
 — 
 — 
 — 
 — 
 — 
 — 
 — 
 — 
 — 
 — 
 — 
 — 
 — 
 — 
 — 
 — 
 — 
Loans and advances
 — 
 — 
 — 
 — 
 — 
 — 
 — 
 — 
 — 
 — 
 — 
 — 
 — 
 0.02 
 — 
 — 
 — 
Debt securities, including UoP
 — 
 — 
 — 
 — 
 — 
 — 
 — 
 — 
 — 
 — 
 — 
 — 
 — 
 — 
 — 
 — 
 — 
Equity instruments
 — 
 — 
 — 
 — 
 — 
 — 
 — 
 — 
 — 
 — 
 — 
 — 
 — 
Non-financial corporations
 35.77 
 12.27 
 0.05 
 1.55 
 4.67 
 1.59 
 0.01 
 — 
 0.01 
 0.02 
 — 
 — 
 — 
 18.73 
 — 
 — 
 — 
Loans and advances
 36.25 
 11.61 
 — 
 1.61 
 4.03 
 1.72 
 0.01 
 — 
 0.01 
 0.02 
 — 
 — 
 — 
 17.49 
 — 
 — 
 — 
Debt securities, including UoP
 37.66 
 25.95 
 0.82 
 1.23 
 16.67 
 0.14 
 0.01 
 — 
 0.01 
 0.09 
 — 
 — 
 — 
 9.12 
 — 
 — 
 — 
Equity instruments
 14.87 
 6.40 
 — 
 1.61 
 0.10 
 0.05 
 — 
 — 
 — 
 — 
 82.16 
 — 
 — 
Households
 59.38 
 0.59 
 0.59 
 — 
 — 
 — 
 — 
 — 
 — 
 — 
 — 
 — 
 — 
of which loans collateralized by 
residential immovable property
 100.00 
 1.12 
 1.12 
 — 
 — 
 — 
 — 
 — 
 — 
 — 
 — 
 — 
 — 
of which building renovation loans
 100.00 
 — 
 — 
 — 
 — 
 — 
 — 
 — 
 — 
 — 
 — 
 — 
 — 
of which motor vehicle loans
 100.00 
 0.18 
 0.18 
 — 
 — 
Local governments financing
 — 
 — 
 — 
 — 
 — 
 — 
 — 
 — 
 — 
 — 
 — 
 — 
 — 
 — 
 — 
 — 
 — 
Housing financing
 — 
 — 
 — 
 — 
 — 
 — 
 — 
 — 
 — 
 — 
 — 
 — 
 — 
 — 
 — 
 — 
 — 
GAR KPI STOCK - CAPEX
% (compared to total covered assets in the 
denominator)
2024
Climate Change Mitigation (CCM)
Climate Change Adaptation (CCA)
Water and marine resources (WTR)
Circular economy (CE)
Proportion of total covered assets funding taxonomy relevant 
sectors (Taxonomy-eligible)
Proportion of total covered assets funding 
taxonomy relevant sectors (Taxonomy-eligible)
Proportion of total covered assets funding 
taxonomy relevant sectors (Taxonomy-eligible)
Proportion of total covered assets funding 
taxonomy relevant sectors (Taxonomy-eligible)
Proportion of total covered assets funding 
taxonomy relevant sectors (Taxonomy-aligned)
Proportion of total covered assets 
funding taxonomy relevant sectors 
(Taxonomy-aligned)
Proportion of total covered assets 
funding taxonomy relevant sectors 
(Taxonomy-aligned)
Proportion of total covered assets 
funding taxonomy relevant sectors 
(Taxonomy-aligned)
Of which 
Use of 
Proceeds
Of which 
transitional
Of which 
enabling
Of which 
Use of 
Proceeds
Of which 
enabling
Of which 
Use of 
Proceeds
Of which 
enabling
Of which 
Use of 
Proceeds
Of which 
enabling
Consolidated Management Report Consolidated Non-financial Information Statement
303
This English version is a translation of the original in Spanish for information purposes only. In case of a discrepancy, the Spanish original will prevail.

Other local government financing
 — 
 — 
 — 
 — 
 — 
 — 
 — 
 — 
 — 
 — 
 — 
 — 
 — 
 — 
 — 
 — 
 — 
Collateral obtained by taking 
possession: residential and 
commercial immovable properties
 83.39 
 0.65 
 0.65 
 — 
 — 
 — 
 — 
 — 
 — 
 — 
 — 
 — 
 — 
 — 
 — 
 — 
 — 
Total GAR assets
 25.07 
 0.84 
 0.23 
 0.07 
 0.23 
 0.24 
 — 
 — 
 — 
 — 
 — 
 — 
 — 
 0.86 
 — 
 — 
 — 
1. The present information has been prepared in accordance with Commission Delegated Regulation (EU) 2021/2178, of July 6, 2021, which supplements Regulation (EU) 2020/852 of the European Parliament and of the Council by specifying the content and the presentation of 
information on environmentally sustainable economic activities
2. Customers' economic activities are classified as eligible or aligned in accordance with the Delegated Acts supplementing Regulation (EU) 2020/852 of the European Parliament and of the Council. Specifically, the economic activities covered by Delegated Regulations (EU) 
2021/2139 on mitigation and adaptation to climate change have been taken into consideration.
3. Clients' economic activities are classified as eligible or aligned taking into account the modifications implemented by Commission Delegated Regulation (EU) 2022/1214 of March 9, 2022, which includes economic activities in certain energy sectors, and Commission 
Delegated Regulation (EU) 2023/2485 of 27 June 2023 establishing additional technical criteria.
4. The information includes the BBVA Group total prudential balance. In terms of breakdown of environmental objectives, the most significant entities are included and correspond to 96% of the total assets  The financial assets analyzed correspond to the categories of financial 
instruments valued “At amortized cost”, “Fair Value with Changes in Other Comprehensive Income (FVOCI)”, “Fair Value with Changes in P&L” and “Non-negotiable at Fair Value with changes in result.
5. NFRD counterparties are those subject to Directive 2014/95/EU (the Non-Financial Reporting Directive or NFRD), such as large listed companies, banks and insurance companies, with more than 500 employees. BBVA identifies NFRD counterparties mainly in two ways: i) 
review of the registered office in a country of the European Union and ii) more than 500 employees. In the event that the previous criterion is not met and if the client belongs to a business group, the same review is carried out at the parent company level.
6. Eligibility information for NFRD counterparties is obtained through an external reference provider in the sector, which obtains EU taxonomy KPI information directly from their corporate reports, EINF or equivalent. In the case of NFRD clients for whom the information has not 
been provided through the previous means, the information from their corporate reports is captured by BBVA or the client's main activity is analyzed to establish their eligibility.
7. Exposure to individuals includes self-employed workers, in which case the activity code (NACE) is reviewed to determine eligibility. The rest of the exposure corresponding to the individual segment is reviewed for the use of funds to be considered eligible, for example, in the 
case of housing loans. EU Taxonomy activity 7.7 Acquisition and ownership of buildings, EU Taxonomy activity 7.2 Renovation of independently existing buildings, or Cars: EUT 6.5 Transport by motorcycles, passenger cars and light commercial vehicles)
8. While exposures to governments and central banks are excluded from the GAR calculation symmetrically, from the numerator and denominator, financing to small and medium-sized enterprises that do not fall within the scope of the NFRD or financing outside EU (even if 
they meet the taxonomy criteria requirements) cannot qualify as aligned with the taxonomy. Furthermore, activities not covered by the EU taxonomy will be excluded from the numerator, but not from the denominator of GAR.
GAR KPI STOCK - CAPEX
% (compared to total covered assets in the 
denominator)
2024
Climate Change Mitigation (CCM)
Climate Change Adaptation (CCA)
Water and marine resources (WTR)
Circular economy (CE)
Proportion of total covered assets funding taxonomy relevant 
sectors (Taxonomy-eligible)
Proportion of total covered assets funding 
taxonomy relevant sectors (Taxonomy-eligible)
Proportion of total covered assets funding 
taxonomy relevant sectors (Taxonomy-eligible)
Proportion of total covered assets funding 
taxonomy relevant sectors (Taxonomy-eligible)
Proportion of total covered assets funding 
taxonomy relevant sectors (Taxonomy-aligned)
Proportion of total covered assets 
funding taxonomy relevant sectors 
(Taxonomy-aligned)
Proportion of total covered assets 
funding taxonomy relevant sectors 
(Taxonomy-aligned)
Proportion of total covered assets 
funding taxonomy relevant sectors 
(Taxonomy-aligned)
Of which 
Use of 
Proceeds
Of which 
transitional
Of which 
enabling
Of which 
Use of 
Proceeds
Of which 
enabling
Of which 
Use of 
Proceeds
Of which 
enabling
Of which 
Use of 
Proceeds
Of which 
enabling
Consolidated Management Report Consolidated Non-financial Information Statement
304
This English version is a translation of the original in Spanish for information purposes only. In case of a discrepancy, the Spanish original will prevail.

GAR - Covered assets in both numerator and 
denominator
Loans and advances, debt securities and equity 
instruments not HfT eligible for GAR calculation
 0.03 
 — 
 — 
 — 
 0.14 
 — 
 — 
 — 
 57.14 
 1.84 
 0.50 
 0.16 
 0.50 
 29.87 
Financial corporations
 0.02 
 — 
 — 
 — 
 — 
 — 
 — 
 — 
 33.57 
 2.94 
 — 
 0.14 
 0.90 
 1.25 
Credit institutions
 — 
 — 
 — 
 — 
 — 
 — 
 — 
 — 
 33.13 
 1.89 
 — 
 0.16 
 0.36 
 1.02 
Loans and advances
 — 
 — 
 — 
 — 
 — 
 — 
 — 
 — 
 31.74 
 1.79 
 — 
 0.10 
 0.37 
 0.75 
Debt securities, including UoP
 — 
 — 
 — 
 — 
 — 
 — 
 — 
 — 
 37.34 
 2.17 
 — 
 0.32 
 0.30 
 0.26 
Equity instruments
 — 
 — 
 — 
 — 
 — 
 — 
 21.06 
 1.52 
 0.47 
 0.36 
 0.01 
Other financial corporations
 0.12 
 — 
 — 
 — 
 — 
 — 
 — 
 — 
 35.47 
 7.54 
 — 
 0.03 
 3.29 
 0.23 
of which investment firms
 — 
 — 
 — 
 — 
 — 
 — 
 — 
 — 
 45.49 
 1.30 
 — 
 0.52 
 0.30 
 — 
Loans and advances
 — 
 — 
 — 
 — 
 — 
 — 
 — 
 — 
 47.72 
 1.36 
 — 
 0.55 
 0.31 
 — 
Debt securities, including UoP
 — 
 — 
 — 
 — 
 — 
 — 
 — 
 — 
 — 
 — 
 — 
 — 
 — 
 — 
Equity instruments
 — 
 — 
 — 
 — 
 — 
 — 
 — 
 — 
 — 
 — 
 — 
of which  management companies
 — 
 — 
 — 
 — 
 — 
 — 
 — 
 — 
 33.20 
 10.27 
 — 
 — 
 9.47 
 0.01 
Loans and advances
 — 
 — 
 — 
 — 
 — 
 — 
 — 
 — 
 33.30 
 10.30 
 — 
 — 
 9.50 
 0.01 
Debt securities, including UoP
 — 
 — 
 — 
 — 
 — 
 — 
 — 
 — 
 — 
 — 
 — 
 — 
 — 
 — 
Equity instruments
 — 
 — 
 — 
 — 
 — 
 — 
 — 
 — 
 — 
 — 
 — 
of which insurance undertakings
 — 
 — 
 — 
 — 
 — 
 — 
 — 
 — 
 — 
 — 
 — 
 — 
 — 
 — 
Loans and advances
 — 
 — 
 — 
 — 
 — 
 — 
 — 
 — 
 0.02 
 — 
 — 
 — 
 — 
 — 
Debt securities, including UoP
 — 
 — 
 — 
 — 
 — 
 — 
 — 
 — 
 — 
 — 
 — 
 — 
 — 
 — 
Equity instruments
 — 
 — 
 — 
 — 
 — 
 — 
 — 
 — 
 — 
 — 
 — 
Non-financial corporations
 0.33 
 — 
 — 
 — 
 1.41 
 — 
 — 
 — 
 57.84 
 12.28 
 0.05 
 1.55 
 4.67 
 2.96 
Loans and advances
 0.26 
 — 
 — 
 — 
 1.53 
 — 
 — 
 — 
 57.26 
 11.63 
 — 
 1.61 
 4.04 
 2.72 
Debt securities, including UoP
 0.32 
 — 
 — 
 — 
 — 
 — 
 — 
 — 
 47.32 
 25.96 
 0.82 
 1.23 
 16.68 
 0.16 
Equity instruments
 2.87 
 — 
 — 
 — 
 — 
 — 
 100.00 
 6.45 
 — 
 1.61 
 0.08 
Households
 59.38 
 0.59 
 0.59 
 — 
 — 
 25.15 
of which loans collateralized by 
residential immovable property
 100.00 
 1.12 
 1.12 
 — 
 — 
 13.04 
of which building renovation loans
 100.00 
 — 
 — 
 — 
 — 
 0.59 
of which motor vehicle loans
Local governments financing
 — 
 — 
 — 
 — 
 — 
 — 
 — 
 — 
 — 
 — 
 — 
 — 
 — 
 0.51 
Housing financing
 — 
 — 
 — 
 — 
 — 
 — 
 — 
 — 
 — 
 — 
 — 
 — 
 — 
 — 
GAR KPI STOCK - CAPEX
% (compared to total covered assets in the 
denominator)
2024
Pollution (PPC)
Biodiversity and Ecosystems (BIO)
TOTAL (CCM + CCA + WTR + CE + PPC + BIO)
Proportion of total covered assets funding 
taxonomy relevant sectors (Taxonomy-eligible)
Proportion of total covered assets funding 
taxonomy relevant sectors (Taxonomy-eligible)
Proportion of total covered assets funding taxonomy relevant 
sectors (Taxonomy-eligible)
Proportion 
of total 
assets 
covered
Proportion of total covered assets 
funding taxonomy relevant sectors 
(Taxonomy-aligned)
Proportion of total covered assets 
funding taxonomy relevant sectors 
(Taxonomy-aligned)
Proportion of total covered assets funding 
taxonomy relevant sectors (Taxonomy-aligned)
Of which 
Use of 
Proceeds
Of which 
enabling
Of which 
Use of 
Proceeds
Of which 
enabling
Of which 
Use of 
Proceeds
Of which 
transitiona
l
Of which 
enabling
Consolidated Management Report Consolidated Non-financial Information Statement
305
This English version is a translation of the original in Spanish for information purposes only. In case of a discrepancy, the Spanish original will prevail.

Other local government financing
 — 
 — 
 — 
 — 
 — 
 — 
 — 
 — 
 — 
 — 
 — 
 — 
 — 
 0.51 
Collateral obtained by taking possession: 
residential and commercial immovable 
properties
 — 
 — 
 — 
 — 
 — 
 — 
 — 
 — 
 83.39 
 0.65 
 0.65 
 — 
 — 
 0.11 
Total GAR assets
 0.02 
 — 
 — 
 — 
 0.06 
 — 
 — 
 — 
 26.25 
 0.84 
 0.23 
 0.07 
 0.23 
 65.36 
1. The present information has been prepared in accordance with Commission Delegated Regulation (EU) 2021/2178, of July 6, 2021, which supplements Regulation (EU) 2020/852 of the European Parliament and of the Council by specifying 
the content and the presentation of information on environmentally sustainable economic activities
2. Customers' economic activities are classified as eligible or aligned in accordance with the Delegated Acts supplementing Regulation (EU) 2020/852 of the European Parliament and of the Council. Specifically, the economic activities 
covered by Delegated Regulations (EU) 2021/2139 on mitigation and adaptation to climate change have been taken into consideration.
3. Clients' economic activities are classified as eligible or aligned taking into account the modifications implemented by Commission Delegated Regulation (EU) 2022/1214 of March 9, 2022, which includes economic activities in certain energy 
sectors, and Commission Delegated Regulation (EU) 2023/2485 of 27 June 2023 establishing additional technical criteria.
4. The information includes the BBVA Group total prudential balance. In terms of breakdown of environmental objectives, the most significant entities are included and correspond to 96% of the total assets  The financial assets analyzed 
correspond to the categories of financial instruments valued “At amortized cost”, “Fair Value with Changes in Other Comprehensive Income (FVOCI)”, “Fair Value with Changes in P&L” and “Non-negotiable at Fair Value with changes in result.
5. NFRD counterparties are those subject to Directive 2014/95/EU (the Non-Financial Reporting Directive or NFRD), such as large listed companies, banks and insurance companies, with more than 500 employees. BBVA identifies NFRD 
counterparties mainly in two ways: i) review of the registered office in a country of the European Union and ii) more than 500 employees. In the event that the previous criterion is not met and if the client belongs to a business group, the same 
review is carried out at the parent company level.
6. Eligibility information for NFRD counterparties is obtained through an external reference provider in the sector, which obtains EU taxonomy KPI information directly from their corporate reports, EINF or equivalent. In the case of NFRD clients 
for whom the information has not been provided through the previous means, the information from their corporate reports is captured by BBVA or the client's main activity is analyzed to establish their eligibility.
7. Exposure to individuals includes self-employed workers, in which case the activity code (NACE) is reviewed to determine eligibility. The rest of the exposure corresponding to the individual segment is reviewed for the use of funds to be 
considered eligible, for example, in the case of housing loans. EU Taxonomy activity 7.7 Acquisition and ownership of buildings, EU Taxonomy activity 7.2 Renovation of independently existing buildings, or Cars: EUT 6.5 Transport by 
motorcycles, passenger cars and light commercial vehicles)
8. While exposures to governments and central banks are excluded from the GAR calculation symmetrically, from the numerator and denominator, financing to small and medium-sized enterprises that do not fall within the scope of the NFRD 
or financing outside EU (even if they meet the taxonomy criteria requirements) cannot qualify as aligned with the taxonomy. Furthermore, activities not covered by the EU taxonomy will be excluded from the numerator, but not from the 
denominator of GAR.
GAR KPI STOCK - CAPEX
% (compared to total covered assets in the 
denominator)
2024
Pollution (PPC)
Biodiversity and Ecosystems (BIO)
TOTAL (CCM + CCA + WTR + CE + PPC + BIO)
Proportion of total covered assets funding 
taxonomy relevant sectors (Taxonomy-eligible)
Proportion of total covered assets funding 
taxonomy relevant sectors (Taxonomy-eligible)
Proportion of total covered assets funding taxonomy relevant 
sectors (Taxonomy-eligible)
Proportion 
of total 
assets 
covered
Proportion of total covered assets 
funding taxonomy relevant sectors 
(Taxonomy-aligned)
Proportion of total covered assets 
funding taxonomy relevant sectors 
(Taxonomy-aligned)
Proportion of total covered assets funding 
taxonomy relevant sectors (Taxonomy-aligned)
Of which 
Use of 
Proceeds
Of which 
enabling
Of which 
Use of 
Proceeds
Of which 
enabling
Of which 
Use of 
Proceeds
Of which 
transitiona
l
Of which 
enabling
Consolidated Management Report Consolidated Non-financial Information Statement
306
This English version is a translation of the original in Spanish for information purposes only. In case of a discrepancy, the Spanish original will prevail.

GAR - Covered assets in both numerator and 
denominator
Loans and advances, debt securities and equity 
instruments not HfT eligible for GAR calculation
 49.39 
 0.89 
 — 
 0.05 
 0.32 
 0.43 
 0.05 
 — 
 — 
 — 
 — 
 — 
 — 
 — 
 — 
 — 
 — 
Financial corporations
 10.27 
 — 
 — 
 — 
 — 
 1.39 
 — 
 — 
 — 
 — 
 — 
 — 
 — 
 — 
 — 
 — 
 — 
Credit institutions
 11.25 
 — 
 — 
 — 
 — 
 1.84 
 — 
 — 
 — 
 — 
 — 
 — 
 — 
 — 
 — 
 — 
 — 
Loans and advances
 9.79 
 — 
 — 
 — 
 — 
 0.93 
 — 
 — 
 — 
 — 
 — 
 — 
 — 
 — 
 — 
 — 
 — 
Debt securities, including UoP
 18.44 
 — 
 — 
 — 
 — 
 6.31 
 — 
 — 
 — 
 — 
 — 
 — 
 — 
 — 
 — 
 — 
 — 
Equity instruments
 — 
 — 
 — 
 — 
 — 
 — 
 — 
 — 
 — 
 — 
 — 
 — 
 — 
Other financial corporations
 9.30 
 — 
 — 
 — 
 — 
 0.94 
 — 
 — 
 — 
 — 
 — 
 — 
 — 
 — 
 — 
 — 
 — 
of which investment firms
 28.39 
 — 
 — 
 — 
 — 
 0.20 
 — 
 — 
 — 
 — 
 — 
 — 
 — 
 — 
 — 
 — 
 — 
Loans and advances
 30.31 
 — 
 — 
 — 
 — 
 0.21 
 — 
 — 
 — 
 — 
 — 
 — 
 — 
 — 
 — 
 — 
 — 
Debt securities, including UoP
 — 
 — 
 — 
 — 
 — 
 — 
 — 
 — 
 — 
 — 
 — 
 — 
 — 
 — 
 — 
 — 
 — 
Equity instruments
 — 
 — 
 — 
 — 
 — 
 — 
 — 
 — 
 — 
 — 
 — 
 — 
 — 
of which  management companies
 3.95 
 — 
 — 
 — 
 — 
 — 
 — 
 — 
 — 
 — 
 — 
 — 
 — 
 — 
 — 
 — 
 — 
Loans and advances
 5.15 
 — 
 — 
 — 
 — 
 — 
 — 
 — 
 — 
 — 
 — 
 — 
 — 
 — 
 — 
 — 
 — 
Debt securities, including UoP
 — 
 — 
 — 
 — 
 — 
 — 
 — 
 — 
 — 
 — 
 — 
 — 
 — 
 — 
 — 
 — 
 — 
Equity instruments
 — 
 — 
 — 
 — 
 — 
 — 
 — 
 — 
 — 
 — 
 — 
 — 
 — 
of which insurance undertakings
 1.05 
 — 
 — 
 — 
 — 
 1.72 
 — 
 — 
 — 
 — 
 — 
 — 
 — 
 — 
 — 
 — 
 — 
Loans and advances
 2.89 
 — 
 — 
 — 
 — 
 0.03 
 — 
 — 
 — 
 — 
 — 
 — 
 — 
 — 
 — 
 — 
 — 
Debt securities, including UoP
 — 
 — 
 — 
 — 
 — 
 100.00 
 — 
 — 
 — 
 — 
 — 
 — 
 — 
 — 
 — 
 — 
 — 
Equity instruments
 — 
 — 
 — 
 — 
 2.34 
 — 
 — 
 — 
 — 
 — 
 — 
 — 
 — 
Non-financial corporations
 28.23 
 6.65 
 — 
 0.54 
 3.52 
 2.23 
 0.54 
 — 
 0.04 
 — 
 — 
 — 
 — 
 — 
 — 
 — 
 — 
Loans and advances
 30.93 
 7.12 
 — 
 0.58 
 3.72 
 2.40 
 0.60 
 — 
 0.04 
 — 
 — 
 — 
 — 
 — 
 — 
 — 
 — 
Debt securities, including UoP
 10.33 
 5.28 
 — 
 0.44 
 3.02 
 0.24 
 0.20 
 — 
 0.13 
 — 
 — 
 — 
 — 
 — 
 — 
 — 
 — 
Equity instruments
 5.51 
 1.14 
 — 
 1.05 
 1.69 
 — 
 — 
 — 
 — 
 — 
 — 
 — 
 — 
Households
 61.89 
 0.39 
 — 
 — 
 — 
 — 
 — 
 — 
 — 
 — 
 — 
 — 
 — 
of which loans collateralized by 
residential immovable property
 100.00 
 0.72 
 — 
 — 
 — 
 — 
 — 
 — 
 — 
 — 
 — 
 — 
 — 
of which building renovation loans
 100.00 
 — 
 — 
 — 
 — 
 — 
 — 
 — 
 — 
 — 
 — 
 — 
 — 
of which motor vehicle loans
 100.00 
 — 
 — 
 — 
 — 
Local governments financing
 — 
 — 
 — 
 — 
 — 
 — 
 — 
 — 
 — 
 — 
 — 
 — 
 — 
 — 
 — 
 — 
 — 
Housing financing
 — 
 — 
 — 
 — 
 — 
 — 
 — 
 — 
 — 
 — 
 — 
 — 
 — 
 — 
 — 
 — 
 — 
GAR KPI STOCK - TURNOVER
% (compared to total covered assets in the 
denominator)
2023
Climate Change Mitigation (CCM)
Climate Change Adaptation (CCA)
Water and marine resources (WTR)
Circular economy (CE)
Proportion of total covered assets funding taxonomy relevant 
sectors (Taxonomy-eligible)
Proportion of total covered assets funding 
taxonomy relevant sectors (Taxonomy-eligible)
Proportion of total covered assets funding 
taxonomy relevant sectors (Taxonomy-eligible)
Proportion of total covered assets funding 
taxonomy relevant sectors (Taxonomy-eligible)
Proportion of total covered assets funding 
taxonomy relevant sectors (Taxonomy-aligned)
Proportion of total covered assets 
funding taxonomy relevant sectors 
(Taxonomy-aligned)
Proportion of total covered assets 
funding taxonomy relevant sectors 
(Taxonomy-aligned)
Proportion of total covered assets 
funding taxonomy relevant sectors 
(Taxonomy-aligned)
Of which 
Use of 
Proceeds
Of which 
transitional
Of which 
enabling
Of which 
Use of 
Proceeds
Of which 
enabling
Of which 
Use of 
Proceeds
Of which 
enabling
Of which 
Use of 
Proceeds
Of which 
enabling
Consolidated Management Report Consolidated Non-financial Information Statement
307
This English version is a translation of the original in Spanish for information purposes only. In case of a discrepancy, the Spanish original will prevail.

Other local government financing
 — 
 — 
 — 
 — 
 — 
 — 
 — 
 — 
 — 
 — 
 — 
 — 
 — 
 — 
 — 
 — 
 — 
Collateral obtained by taking possession: 
residential and commercial immovable 
properties
 100.00 
 0.06 
 — 
 — 
 — 
 — 
 — 
 — 
 — 
 — 
 — 
 — 
 — 
 — 
 — 
 — 
 — 
Total GAR assets
 27.42 
 0.49 
 — 
 0.03 
 0.18 
 0.24 
 0.03 
 — 
 — 
 — 
 — 
 — 
 — 
 — 
 — 
 — 
 — 
1. The present information has been prepared in accordance with Commission Delegated Regulation (EU) 2021/2178, of July 6, 2021, which supplements Regulation (EU) 2020/852 of the European Parliament and of the Council by specifying the content and the presentation of 
information on environmentally sustainable economic activities
2. Customers' economic activities are classified as eligible or aligned in accordance with the Delegated Acts supplementing Regulation (EU) 2020/852 of the European Parliament and of the Council. Specifically, the economic activities covered by Delegated Regulations (EU) 
2021/2139 on mitigation and adaptation to climate change have been taken into consideration.
3. Clients' economic activities are classified as eligible or aligned taking into account the modifications implemented by Commission Delegated Regulation (EU) 2022/1214 of March 9, 2022, which includes economic activities in certain energy sectors, and Commission Delegated 
Regulation (EU) 2023/2485 of 27 June 2023 establishing additional technical criteria.
4. The information includes the BBVA Group total prudential balance. In terms of breakdown of environmental objectives, the most significant entities are included and correspond to 96% of the total assets. The financial assets analyzed correspond to the categories of financial 
instruments valued “At amortized cost”, “Fair Value with Changes in Other Comprehensive Income (FVOCI)”, “Fair Value with Changes in P&L” and “Non-negotiable at Fair Value with changes in result.
5. NFRD counterparties are those subject to Directive 2014/95/EU (the Non-Financial Reporting Directive or NFRD), such as large listed companies, banks and insurance companies, with more than 500 employees. BBVA identifies NFRD counterparties mainly in two ways: i) review 
of the registered office in a country of the European Union and ii) more than 500 employees. In the event that the previous criterion is not met and if the client belongs to a business group, the same review is carried out at the parent company level.
6. Eligibility information for NFRD counterparties is obtained through an external reference provider in the sector, which obtains EU taxonomy KPI information directly from their corporate reports, EINF or equivalent. In the case of NFRD clients for whom the information has not been 
provided through the previous means, the information from their corporate reports is captured by BBVA or the client's main activity is analyzed to establish their eligibility.
7. Exposure to individuals includes self-employed workers, in which case the activity code (NACE) is reviewed to determine eligibility. The rest of the exposure corresponding to the individual segment is reviewed for the use of funds to be considered eligible, for example, in the case 
of housing loans. EU Taxonomy activity 7.7 Acquisition and ownership of buildings, EU Taxonomy activity 7.2 Renovation of independently existing buildings, or Cars: EUT 6.5 Transport by motorcycles, passenger cars and light commercial vehicles)
8. While exposures to governments and central banks are excluded from the GAR calculation symmetrically, from the numerator and denominator, financing to small and medium-sized enterprises that do not fall within the scope of the NFRD or financing outside EU (even if they 
meet the taxonomy criteria requirements) cannot qualify as aligned with the taxonomy. Furthermore, activities not covered by the EU taxonomy will be excluded from the numerator, but not from the denominator of GAR.
GAR KPI STOCK - TURNOVER
% (compared to total covered assets in the 
denominator)
2023
Climate Change Mitigation (CCM)
Climate Change Adaptation (CCA)
Water and marine resources (WTR)
Circular economy (CE)
Proportion of total covered assets funding taxonomy relevant 
sectors (Taxonomy-eligible)
Proportion of total covered assets funding 
taxonomy relevant sectors (Taxonomy-eligible)
Proportion of total covered assets funding 
taxonomy relevant sectors (Taxonomy-eligible)
Proportion of total covered assets funding 
taxonomy relevant sectors (Taxonomy-eligible)
Proportion of total covered assets funding 
taxonomy relevant sectors (Taxonomy-aligned)
Proportion of total covered assets 
funding taxonomy relevant sectors 
(Taxonomy-aligned)
Proportion of total covered assets 
funding taxonomy relevant sectors 
(Taxonomy-aligned)
Proportion of total covered assets 
funding taxonomy relevant sectors 
(Taxonomy-aligned)
Of which 
Use of 
Proceeds
Of which 
transitional
Of which 
enabling
Of which 
Use of 
Proceeds
Of which 
enabling
Of which 
Use of 
Proceeds
Of which 
enabling
Of which 
Use of 
Proceeds
Of which 
enabling
Consolidated Management Report Consolidated Non-financial Information Statement
308
This English version is a translation of the original in Spanish for information purposes only. In case of a discrepancy, the Spanish original will prevail.

GAR - Covered assets in both numerator and 
denominator
Loans and advances, debt securities and equity 
instruments not HfT eligible for GAR calculation
 — 
 — 
 — 
 — 
 — 
 — 
 — 
 — 
 — 
 0.94 
 — 
 0.05 
 0.33 
 32.78 
Financial corporations
 — 
 — 
 — 
 — 
 — 
 — 
 — 
 — 
 — 
 — 
 — 
 — 
 — 
 5.41 
Credit institutions
 — 
 — 
 — 
 — 
 — 
 — 
 — 
 — 
 — 
 — 
 — 
 — 
 — 
 2.68 
Loans and advances
 — 
 — 
 — 
 — 
 — 
 — 
 — 
 — 
 — 
 — 
 — 
 — 
 — 
 2.22 
Debt securities, including UoP
 — 
 — 
 — 
 — 
 — 
 — 
 — 
 — 
 24.75 
 — 
 — 
 — 
 — 
 0.45 
Equity instruments
 — 
 — 
 — 
 — 
 — 
 — 
 — 
 — 
 — 
 — 
 — 
Other financial corporations
 — 
 — 
 — 
 — 
 — 
 — 
 — 
 — 
 10.25 
 — 
 — 
 — 
 — 
 2.73 
of which investment firms
 — 
 — 
 — 
 — 
 — 
 — 
 — 
 — 
 28.59 
 — 
 — 
 — 
 — 
 0.14 
Loans and advances
 — 
 — 
 — 
 — 
 — 
 — 
 — 
 — 
 30.52 
 — 
 — 
 — 
 — 
 0.13 
Debt securities, including UoP
 — 
 — 
 — 
 — 
 — 
 — 
 — 
 — 
 — 
 — 
 — 
 — 
 — 
 0.01 
Equity instruments
 — 
 — 
 — 
 — 
 — 
 — 
 — 
 — 
 — 
 — 
 — 
of which  management companies
 — 
 — 
 — 
 — 
 — 
 — 
 — 
 — 
 3.95 
 — 
 — 
 — 
 — 
 0.06 
Loans and advances
 — 
 — 
 — 
 — 
 — 
 — 
 — 
 — 
 5.15 
 — 
 — 
 — 
 — 
 0.05 
Debt securities, including UoP
 — 
 — 
 — 
 — 
 — 
 — 
 — 
 — 
 — 
 — 
 — 
 — 
 — 
 — 
Equity instruments
 — 
 — 
 — 
 — 
 — 
 — 
 — 
 — 
 — 
 — 
 0.01 
of which insurance undertakings
 — 
 — 
 — 
 — 
 — 
 — 
 — 
 — 
 2.78 
 — 
 — 
 — 
 — 
 0.27 
Loans and advances
 — 
 — 
 — 
 — 
 — 
 — 
 — 
 — 
 2.92 
 — 
 — 
 — 
 — 
 0.10 
Debt securities, including UoP
 — 
 — 
 — 
 — 
 — 
 — 
 — 
 — 
 100.00 
 — 
 — 
 — 
 — 
 — 
Equity instruments
 — 
 — 
 — 
 — 
 — 
 — 
 2.34 
 — 
 — 
 — 
 0.17 
Non-financial corporations
 — 
 — 
 — 
 — 
 — 
 — 
 — 
 — 
 30.46 
 7.20 
 — 
 0.54 
 3.56 
 2.99 
Loans and advances
 — 
 — 
 — 
 — 
 — 
 — 
 — 
 — 
 33.32 
 7.72 
 — 
 0.58 
 3.76 
 2.64 
Debt securities, including UoP
 — 
 — 
 — 
 — 
 — 
 — 
 — 
 — 
 10.57 
 5.49 
 — 
 0.44 
 3.15 
 0.17 
Equity instruments
 — 
 — 
 — 
 — 
 — 
 — 
 7.20 
 1.14 
 — 
 1.05 
 0.18 
Households
 61.89 
 0.39 
 — 
 — 
 — 
 23.69 
of which loans collateralized by 
residential immovable property
 100.00 
 0.72 
 — 
 — 
 — 
 12.86 
of which building renovation loans
 100.00 
 — 
 — 
 — 
 — 
 0.60 
of which motor vehicle loans
 100.00 
 — 
 — 
 — 
 1.21 
Local governments financing
 — 
 — 
 — 
 — 
 — 
 — 
 — 
 — 
 — 
 — 
 — 
 — 
 — 
 0.56 
Housing financing
 — 
 — 
 — 
 — 
 — 
 — 
 — 
 — 
 — 
 — 
 — 
 — 
 — 
 — 
GAR KPI STOCK - TURNOVER
% (compared to total covered assets in the 
denominator)
2023
Pollution (PPC)
Biodiversity and Ecosystems (BIO)
TOTAL (CCM + CCA + WTR + CE + PPC + BIO)
Proportion of total covered assets funding taxonomy 
relevant sectors (Taxonomy-eligible)
Proportion of total covered assets funding taxonomy 
relevant sectors (Taxonomy-eligible)
Proportion of total covered assets funding taxonomy relevant 
sectors (Taxonomy-eligible)
Proportion 
of total 
assets 
covered
Proportion of total covered assets 
funding taxonomy relevant sectors 
(Taxonomy-aligned)
Proportion of total covered assets 
funding taxonomy relevant sectors 
(Taxonomy-aligned)
Proportion of total covered assets funding 
taxonomy relevant sectors (Taxonomy-aligned)
Of which 
Use of 
Proceeds
Of which 
enabling
Of which 
Use of 
Proceeds
Of which 
enabling
Of which 
Use of 
Proceeds
Of which 
transitional
Of which 
enabling
Consolidated Management Report Consolidated Non-financial Information Statement
309
This English version is a translation of the original in Spanish for information purposes only. In case of a discrepancy, the Spanish original will prevail.

Other local government financing
 — 
 — 
 — 
 — 
 — 
 — 
 — 
 — 
 — 
 — 
 — 
 — 
 — 
 0.56 
Collateral obtained by taking possession: 
residential and commercial immovable 
properties
 — 
 — 
 — 
 — 
 — 
 — 
 — 
 — 
 100.00 
 0.06 
 — 
 — 
 — 
 0.12 
Total GAR assets
 — 
 — 
 — 
 — 
 — 
 — 
 — 
 — 
 27.66 
 0.52 
 — 
 0.03 
 0.18 
 59.04 
1. The present information has been prepared in accordance with Commission Delegated Regulation (EU) 2021/2178, of July 6, 2021, which supplements Regulation (EU) 2020/852 of the European Parliament and of the Council by specifying the 
content and the presentation of information on environmentally sustainable economic activities
2. Customers' economic activities are classified as eligible or aligned in accordance with the Delegated Acts supplementing Regulation (EU) 2020/852 of the European Parliament and of the Council. Specifically, the economic activities covered by 
Delegated Regulations (EU) 2021/2139 on mitigation and adaptation to climate change have been taken into consideration.
3. Clients' economic activities are classified as eligible or aligned taking into account the modifications implemented by Commission Delegated Regulation (EU) 2022/1214 of March 9, 2022, which includes economic activities in certain energy 
sectors, and Commission Delegated Regulation (EU) 2023/2485 of 27 June 2023 establishing additional technical criteria.
4. The information includes the BBVA Group total prudential balance. In terms of breakdown of environmental objectives, the most significant entities are included and correspond to 96% of the total assets. The financial assets analyzed 
correspond to the categories of financial instruments valued “At amortized cost”, “Fair Value with Changes in Other Comprehensive Income (FVOCI)”, “Fair Value with Changes in P&L” and “Non-negotiable at Fair Value with changes in result.
5. NFRD counterparties are those subject to Directive 2014/95/EU (the Non-Financial Reporting Directive or NFRD), such as large listed companies, banks and insurance companies, with more than 500 employees. BBVA identifies NFRD 
counterparties mainly in two ways: i) review of the registered office in a country of the European Union and ii) more than 500 employees. In the event that the previous criterion is not met and if the client belongs to a business group, the same 
review is carried out at the parent company level.
6. Eligibility information for NFRD counterparties is obtained through an external reference provider in the sector, which obtains EU taxonomy KPI information directly from their corporate reports, EINF or equivalent. In the case of NFRD clients for 
whom the information has not been provided through the previous means, the information from their corporate reports is captured by BBVA or the client's main activity is analyzed to establish their eligibility.
7. Exposure to individuals includes self-employed workers, in which case the activity code (NACE) is reviewed to determine eligibility. The rest of the exposure corresponding to the individual segment is reviewed for the use of funds to be 
considered eligible, for example, in the case of housing loans. EU Taxonomy activity 7.7 Acquisition and ownership of buildings, EU Taxonomy activity 7.2 Renovation of independently existing buildings, or Cars: EUT 6.5 Transport by motorcycles, 
passenger cars and light commercial vehicles)
8. While exposures to governments and central banks are excluded from the GAR calculation symmetrically, from the numerator and denominator, financing to small and medium-sized enterprises that do not fall within the scope of the NFRD or 
financing outside EU (even if they meet the taxonomy criteria requirements) cannot qualify as aligned with the taxonomy. Furthermore, activities not covered by the EU taxonomy will be excluded from the numerator, but not from the denominator 
of GAR.
GAR KPI STOCK - TURNOVER
% (compared to total covered assets in the 
denominator)
2023
Pollution (PPC)
Biodiversity and Ecosystems (BIO)
TOTAL (CCM + CCA + WTR + CE + PPC + BIO)
Proportion of total covered assets funding taxonomy 
relevant sectors (Taxonomy-eligible)
Proportion of total covered assets funding taxonomy 
relevant sectors (Taxonomy-eligible)
Proportion of total covered assets funding taxonomy relevant 
sectors (Taxonomy-eligible)
Proportion 
of total 
assets 
covered
Proportion of total covered assets 
funding taxonomy relevant sectors 
(Taxonomy-aligned)
Proportion of total covered assets 
funding taxonomy relevant sectors 
(Taxonomy-aligned)
Proportion of total covered assets funding 
taxonomy relevant sectors (Taxonomy-aligned)
Of which 
Use of 
Proceeds
Of which 
enabling
Of which 
Use of 
Proceeds
Of which 
enabling
Of which 
Use of 
Proceeds
Of which 
transitional
Of which 
enabling
Consolidated Management Report Consolidated Non-financial Information Statement
310
This English version is a translation of the original in Spanish for information purposes only. In case of a discrepancy, the Spanish original will prevail.

GAR - Covered assets in both numerator 
and denominator
Loans and advances, debt securities and equity 
instruments not HfT eligible for GAR calculation
 49.75 
 1.39 
 — 
 0.05 
 0.55 
 0.45 
 0.05 
 — 
 0.01 
 — 
 — 
 — 
 — 
 — 
 — 
 — 
 — 
Financial corporations
 10.38 
 — 
 — 
 — 
 — 
 1.42 
 — 
 — 
 — 
 — 
 — 
 — 
 — 
 — 
 — 
 — 
 — 
Credit institutions
 10.93 
 — 
 — 
 — 
 — 
 1.84 
 — 
 — 
 — 
 — 
 — 
 — 
 — 
 — 
 — 
 — 
 — 
Loans and advances
 9.58 
 — 
 — 
 — 
 — 
 0.93 
 — 
 — 
 — 
 — 
 — 
 — 
 — 
 — 
 — 
 — 
 — 
Debt securities, including UoP
 17.58 
 — 
 — 
 — 
 — 
 6.31 
 — 
 — 
 — 
 — 
 — 
 — 
 — 
 — 
 — 
 — 
 — 
Equity instruments
 — 
 — 
 — 
 — 
 — 
 — 
 — 
 — 
 — 
 — 
 — 
 — 
 — 
Other financial corporations
 9.83 
 — 
 — 
 — 
 — 
 1.00 
 — 
 — 
 — 
 — 
 — 
 — 
 — 
 — 
 — 
 — 
 — 
of which investment firms
 25.05 
 — 
 — 
 — 
 — 
 1.04 
 — 
 — 
 — 
 — 
 — 
 — 
 — 
 — 
 — 
 — 
 — 
Loans and advances
 26.74 
 — 
 — 
 — 
 — 
 1.11 
 — 
 — 
 — 
 — 
 — 
 — 
 — 
 — 
 — 
 — 
 — 
Debt securities, including UoP
 — 
 — 
 — 
 — 
 — 
 — 
 — 
 — 
 — 
 — 
 — 
 — 
 — 
 — 
 — 
 — 
 — 
Equity instruments
 — 
 — 
 — 
 — 
 — 
 — 
 — 
 — 
 — 
 — 
 — 
 — 
 — 
of which  management companies
 3.96 
 — 
 — 
 — 
 — 
 — 
 — 
 — 
 — 
 — 
 — 
 — 
 — 
 — 
 — 
 — 
 — 
Loans and advances
 5.15 
 — 
 — 
 — 
 — 
 — 
 — 
 — 
 — 
 — 
 — 
 — 
 — 
 — 
 — 
 — 
 — 
Debt securities, including UoP
 — 
 — 
 — 
 — 
 — 
 — 
 — 
 — 
 — 
 — 
 — 
 — 
 — 
 — 
 — 
 — 
 — 
Equity instruments
 — 
 — 
 — 
 — 
 — 
 — 
 — 
 — 
 — 
 — 
 — 
 — 
 — 
of which insurance undertakings
 0.50 
 — 
 — 
 — 
 — 
 1.72 
 — 
 — 
 — 
 — 
 — 
 — 
 — 
 — 
 — 
 — 
 — 
Loans and advances
 1.36 
 — 
 — 
 — 
 — 
 0.03 
 — 
 — 
 — 
 — 
 — 
 — 
 — 
 — 
 — 
 — 
 — 
Debt securities, including UoP
 — 
 — 
 — 
 — 
 — 
 100.00 
 — 
 — 
 — 
 — 
 — 
 — 
 — 
 — 
 — 
 — 
 — 
Equity instruments
 — 
 — 
 — 
 — 
 2.34 
 — 
 — 
 — 
 — 
 — 
 — 
 — 
 — 
Non-financial corporations
 31.97 
 12.13 
 — 
 0.56 
 6.05 
 2.32 
 0.53 
 — 
 0.08 
 — 
 — 
 — 
 — 
 — 
 — 
 — 
 — 
Loans and advances
 34.43 
 12.46 
 — 
 0.58 
 6.49 
 2.53 
 0.59 
 — 
 0.07 
 — 
 — 
 — 
 — 
 — 
 — 
 — 
 — 
Debt securities, including UoP
 24.53 
 18.20 
 — 
 0.83 
 4.62 
 0.31 
 0.26 
 — 
 0.26 
 — 
 — 
 — 
 — 
 — 
 — 
 — 
 — 
Equity instruments
 2.77 
 1.56 
 — 
 0.98 
 1.10 
 — 
 — 
 — 
 — 
 — 
 — 
 — 
 — 
Households
 61.89 
 0.39 
 — 
 — 
 — 
 — 
 — 
 — 
 — 
 — 
 — 
 — 
 — 
of which loans collateralized by 
residential immovable property
 100.00 
 0.72 
 — 
 — 
 — 
 — 
 — 
 — 
 — 
 — 
 — 
 — 
 — 
of which building renovation loans
 100.00 
 — 
 — 
 — 
 — 
 — 
 — 
 — 
 — 
 — 
 — 
 — 
 — 
of which motor vehicle loans
 100.00 
 — 
 — 
 — 
 — 
Local governments financing
 — 
 — 
 — 
 — 
 — 
 — 
 — 
 — 
 — 
 — 
 — 
 — 
 — 
 — 
 — 
 — 
 — 
Housing financing
 — 
 — 
 — 
 — 
 — 
 — 
 — 
 — 
 — 
 — 
 — 
 — 
 — 
 — 
 — 
 — 
 — 
GAR KPI STOCK - CAPEX
% (compared to total covered assets in the 
denominator)
2023
Climate Change Mitigation (CCM)
Climate Change Adaptation (CCA)
Water and marine resources (WTR)
Circular economy (CE)
Proportion of total covered assets funding taxonomy relevant 
sectors (Taxonomy-eligible)
Proportion of total covered assets funding 
taxonomy relevant sectors (Taxonomy-eligible)
Proportion of total covered assets funding 
taxonomy relevant sectors (Taxonomy-eligible)
Proportion of total covered assets funding 
taxonomy relevant sectors (Taxonomy-eligible)
Proportion of total covered assets funding 
taxonomy relevant sectors (Taxonomy-aligned)
Proportion of total covered assets 
funding taxonomy relevant sectors 
(Taxonomy-aligned)
Proportion of total covered assets 
funding taxonomy relevant sectors 
(Taxonomy-aligned)
Proportion of total covered assets 
funding taxonomy relevant sectors 
(Taxonomy-aligned)
Of which 
Use of 
Proceeds
Of which 
transitional
Of which 
enabling
Of which 
Use of 
Proceeds
Of which 
enabling
Of which 
Use of 
Proceeds
Of which 
enabling
Of which 
Use of 
Proceeds
Of which 
enabling
Consolidated Management Report Consolidated Non-financial Information Statement
311
This English version is a translation of the original in Spanish for information purposes only. In case of a discrepancy, the Spanish original will prevail.

Other local government financing
 — 
 — 
 — 
 — 
 — 
 — 
 — 
 — 
 — 
 — 
 — 
 — 
 — 
 — 
 — 
 — 
 — 
Collateral obtained by taking 
possession: residential and 
commercial immovable properties
 100.00 
 0.06 
 — 
 — 
 — 
 — 
 — 
 — 
 — 
 — 
 — 
 — 
 — 
 — 
 — 
 — 
 — 
Total GAR assets
 27.62 
 0.77 
 — 
 0.03 
 0.31 
 0.25 
 0.03 
 — 
 — 
 — 
 — 
 — 
 — 
 — 
 — 
 — 
 — 
1. The present information has been prepared in accordance with Commission Delegated Regulation (EU) 2021/2178, of July 6, 2021, which supplements Regulation (EU) 2020/852 of the European Parliament and of the Council by specifying the content and the presentation of 
information on environmentally sustainable economic activities
2. Customers' economic activities are classified as eligible or aligned in accordance with the Delegated Acts supplementing Regulation (EU) 2020/852 of the European Parliament and of the Council. Specifically, the economic activities covered by Delegated Regulations (EU) 
2021/2139 on mitigation and adaptation to climate change have been taken into consideration.
3. Clients' economic activities are classified as eligible or aligned taking into account the modifications implemented by Commission Delegated Regulation (EU) 2022/1214 of March 9, 2022, which includes economic activities in certain energy sectors, and Commission 
Delegated Regulation (EU) 2023/2485 of 27 June 2023 establishing additional technical criteria.
4. The information includes the BBVA Group total prudential balance. In terms of breakdown of environmental objectives, the most significant entities are included and correspond to 96% of the total assets. The financial assets analyzed correspond to the categories of financial 
instruments valued “At amortized cost”, “Fair Value with Changes in Other Comprehensive Income (FVOCI)”, “Fair Value with Changes in P&L” and “Non-negotiable at Fair Value with changes in result.
5. NFRD counterparties are those subject to Directive 2014/95/EU (the Non-Financial Reporting Directive or NFRD), such as large listed companies, banks and insurance companies, with more than 500 employees. BBVA identifies NFRD counterparties mainly in two ways: i) 
review of the registered office in a country of the European Union and ii) more than 500 employees. In the event that the previous criterion is not met and if the client belongs to a business group, the same review is carried out at the parent company level.
6. Eligibility information for NFRD counterparties is obtained through an external reference provider in the sector, which obtains EU taxonomy KPI information directly from their corporate reports, EINF or equivalent. In the case of NFRD clients for whom the information has not 
been provided through the previous means, the information from their corporate reports is captured by BBVA or the client's main activity is analyzed to establish their eligibility.
7. Exposure to individuals includes self-employed workers, in which case the activity code (NACE) is reviewed to determine eligibility. The rest of the exposure corresponding to the individual segment is reviewed for the use of funds to be considered eligible, for example, in the 
case of housing loans. EU Taxonomy activity 7.7 Acquisition and ownership of buildings, EU Taxonomy activity 7.2 Renovation of independently existing buildings, or Cars: EUT 6.5 Transport by motorcycles, passenger cars and light commercial vehicles)
8. While exposures to governments and central banks are excluded from the GAR calculation symmetrically, from the numerator and denominator, financing to small and medium-sized enterprises that do not fall within the scope of the NFRD or financing outside EU (even if 
they meet the taxonomy criteria requirements) cannot qualify as aligned with the taxonomy. Furthermore, activities not covered by the EU taxonomy will be excluded from the numerator, but not from the denominator of GAR.
GAR KPI STOCK - CAPEX
% (compared to total covered assets in the 
denominator)
2023
Climate Change Mitigation (CCM)
Climate Change Adaptation (CCA)
Water and marine resources (WTR)
Circular economy (CE)
Proportion of total covered assets funding taxonomy relevant 
sectors (Taxonomy-eligible)
Proportion of total covered assets funding 
taxonomy relevant sectors (Taxonomy-eligible)
Proportion of total covered assets funding 
taxonomy relevant sectors (Taxonomy-eligible)
Proportion of total covered assets funding 
taxonomy relevant sectors (Taxonomy-eligible)
Proportion of total covered assets funding 
taxonomy relevant sectors (Taxonomy-aligned)
Proportion of total covered assets 
funding taxonomy relevant sectors 
(Taxonomy-aligned)
Proportion of total covered assets 
funding taxonomy relevant sectors 
(Taxonomy-aligned)
Proportion of total covered assets 
funding taxonomy relevant sectors 
(Taxonomy-aligned)
Of which 
Use of 
Proceeds
Of which 
transitional
Of which 
enabling
Of which 
Use of 
Proceeds
Of which 
enabling
Of which 
Use of 
Proceeds
Of which 
enabling
Of which 
Use of 
Proceeds
Of which 
enabling
Consolidated Management Report Consolidated Non-financial Information Statement
312
This English version is a translation of the original in Spanish for information purposes only. In case of a discrepancy, the Spanish original will prevail.

GAR - Covered assets in both numerator and 
denominator
Loans and advances, debt securities and equity 
instruments not HfT eligible for GAR calculation
 — 
 — 
 — 
 — 
 — 
 — 
 — 
 — 
 50.19 
 1.44 
 — 
 0.05 
 0.56 
 32.78 
Financial corporations
 — 
 — 
 — 
 — 
 — 
 — 
 — 
 — 
 11.80 
 — 
 — 
 — 
 — 
 5.41 
Credit institutions
 — 
 — 
 — 
 — 
 — 
 — 
 — 
 — 
 12.78 
 — 
 — 
 — 
 — 
 2.68 
Loans and advances
 — 
 — 
 — 
 — 
 — 
 — 
 — 
 — 
 10.51 
 — 
 — 
 — 
 — 
 2.22 
Debt securities, including UoP
 — 
 — 
 — 
 — 
 — 
 — 
 — 
 — 
 23.89 
 — 
 — 
 — 
 — 
 0.45 
Equity instruments
 — 
 — 
 — 
 — 
 — 
 — 
 — 
 — 
 — 
 — 
 — 
Other financial corporations
 — 
 — 
 — 
 — 
 — 
 — 
 — 
 — 
 10.83 
 — 
 — 
 — 
 — 
 2.73 
of which investment firms
 — 
 — 
 — 
 — 
 — 
 — 
 — 
 — 
 26.09 
 — 
 — 
 — 
 — 
 0.14 
Loans and advances
 — 
 — 
 — 
 — 
 — 
 — 
 — 
 — 
 27.85 
 — 
 — 
 — 
 — 
 0.13 
Debt securities, including UoP
 — 
 — 
 — 
 — 
 — 
 — 
 — 
 — 
 — 
 — 
 — 
 — 
 — 
 0.01 
Equity instruments
 — 
 — 
 — 
 — 
 — 
 — 
 — 
 — 
 — 
 — 
 — 
of which  management companies
 — 
 — 
 — 
 — 
 — 
 — 
 — 
 — 
 3.96 
 — 
 — 
 — 
 — 
 0.06 
Loans and advances
 — 
 — 
 — 
 — 
 — 
 — 
 — 
 — 
 5.15 
 — 
 — 
 — 
 — 
 0.05 
Debt securities, including UoP
 — 
 — 
 — 
 — 
 — 
 — 
 — 
 — 
 — 
 — 
 — 
 — 
 — 
 — 
Equity instruments
 — 
 — 
 — 
 — 
 — 
 — 
 — 
 — 
 — 
 — 
 0.01 
of which insurance undertakings
 — 
 — 
 — 
 — 
 — 
 — 
 — 
 — 
 2.22 
 — 
 — 
 — 
 — 
 0.27 
Loans and advances
 — 
 — 
 — 
 — 
 — 
 — 
 — 
 — 
 1.39 
 — 
 — 
 — 
 — 
 0.10 
Debt securities, including UoP
 — 
 — 
 — 
 — 
 — 
 — 
 — 
 — 
 100.00 
 — 
 — 
 — 
 — 
 — 
Equity instruments
 — 
 — 
 — 
 — 
 — 
 — 
 2.34 
 — 
 — 
 — 
 0.17 
Non-financial corporations
 — 
 — 
 — 
 — 
 — 
 — 
 — 
 — 
 34.29 
 12.66 
 — 
 0.56 
 6.13 
 2.99 
Loans and advances
 — 
 — 
 — 
 — 
 — 
 — 
 — 
 — 
 36.96 
 13.05 
 — 
 0.58 
 6.56 
 2.64 
Debt securities, including UoP
 — 
 — 
 — 
 — 
 — 
 — 
 — 
 — 
 24.84 
 18.46 
 — 
 0.83 
 4.88 
 0.17 
Equity instruments
 — 
 — 
 — 
 — 
 — 
 — 
 3.87 
 1.57 
 — 
 0.98 
 0.18 
Households
 61.89 
 0.39 
 — 
 — 
 — 
 23.69 
of which loans collateralized by 
residential immovable property
 100.00 
 0.72 
 — 
 — 
 — 
 12.86 
of which building renovation loans
 100.00 
 — 
 — 
 — 
 — 
 0.60 
of which motor vehicle loans
 100.00 
 — 
 — 
 — 
 1.21 
Local governments financing
 — 
 — 
 — 
 — 
 — 
 — 
 — 
 — 
 — 
 — 
 — 
 — 
 — 
 0.56 
Housing financing
 — 
 — 
 — 
 — 
 — 
 — 
 — 
 — 
 — 
 — 
 — 
 — 
 — 
 — 
GAR KPI STOCK - CAPEX
% (compared to total covered assets in the 
denominator)
2023
Pollution (PPC)
Biodiversity and Ecosystems (BIO)
TOTAL (CCM + CCA + WTR + CE + PPC + BIO)
Proportion of total covered assets funding 
taxonomy relevant sectors (Taxonomy-eligible)
Proportion of total covered assets funding 
taxonomy relevant sectors (Taxonomy-eligible)
Proportion of total covered assets funding taxonomy relevant 
sectors (Taxonomy-eligible)
Proportion 
of total 
assets 
covered
Proportion of total covered assets 
funding taxonomy relevant sectors 
(Taxonomy-aligned)
Proportion of total covered assets 
funding taxonomy relevant sectors 
(Taxonomy-aligned)
Proportion of total covered assets funding 
taxonomy relevant sectors (Taxonomy-aligned)
Of which 
Use of 
Proceeds
Of which 
enabling
Of which 
Use of 
Proceeds
Of which 
enabling
Of which 
Use of 
Proceeds
Of which 
transitional
Of which 
enabling
Consolidated Management Report Consolidated Non-financial Information Statement
313
This English version is a translation of the original in Spanish for information purposes only. In case of a discrepancy, the Spanish original will prevail.

Other local government financing
 — 
 — 
 — 
 — 
 — 
 — 
 — 
 — 
 — 
 — 
 — 
 — 
 — 
 0.56 
Collateral obtained by taking possession: 
residential and commercial immovable 
properties
 — 
 — 
 — 
 — 
 — 
 — 
 — 
 — 
 100.00 
 0.06 
 — 
 — 
 — 
 0.12 
Total GAR assets
 — 
 — 
 — 
 — 
 — 
 — 
 — 
 — 
 27.87 
 0.80 
 — 
 0.03 
 0.31 
 59.04 
1. The present information has been prepared in accordance with Commission Delegated Regulation (EU) 2021/2178, of July 6, 2021, which supplements Regulation (EU) 2020/852 of the European Parliament and of the Council by specifying 
the content and the presentation of information on environmentally sustainable economic activities
2. Customers' economic activities are classified as eligible or aligned in accordance with the Delegated Acts supplementing Regulation (EU) 2020/852 of the European Parliament and of the Council. Specifically, the economic activities covered 
by Delegated Regulations (EU) 2021/2139 on mitigation and adaptation to climate change have been taken into consideration.
3. Clients' economic activities are classified as eligible or aligned taking into account the modifications implemented by Commission Delegated Regulation (EU) 2022/1214 of March 9, 2022, which includes economic activities in certain energy 
sectors, and Commission Delegated Regulation (EU) 2023/2485 of 27 June 2023 establishing additional technical criteria.
4. The information includes the BBVA Group total prudential balance. In terms of breakdown of environmental objectives, the most significant entities are included and correspond to 96% of the total assets. The financial assets analyzed 
correspond to the categories of financial instruments valued “At amortized cost”, “Fair Value with Changes in Other Comprehensive Income (FVOCI)”, “Fair Value with Changes in P&L” and “Non-negotiable at Fair Value with changes in result.
5. NFRD counterparties are those subject to Directive 2014/95/EU (the Non-Financial Reporting Directive or NFRD), such as large listed companies, banks and insurance companies, with more than 500 employees. BBVA identifies NFRD 
counterparties mainly in two ways: i) review of the registered office in a country of the European Union and ii) more than 500 employees. In the event that the previous criterion is not met and if the client belongs to a business group, the same 
review is carried out at the parent company level.
6. Eligibility information for NFRD counterparties is obtained through an external reference provider in the sector, which obtains EU taxonomy KPI information directly from their corporate reports, EINF or equivalent. In the case of NFRD clients 
for whom the information has not been provided through the previous means, the information from their corporate reports is captured by BBVA or the client's main activity is analyzed to establish their eligibility.
7. Exposure to individuals includes self-employed workers, in which case the activity code (NACE) is reviewed to determine eligibility. The rest of the exposure corresponding to the individual segment is reviewed for the use of funds to be 
considered eligible, for example, in the case of housing loans. EU Taxonomy activity 7.7 Acquisition and ownership of buildings, EU Taxonomy activity 7.2 Renovation of independently existing buildings, or Cars: EUT 6.5 Transport by 
motorcycles, passenger cars and light commercial vehicles)
8. While exposures to governments and central banks are excluded from the GAR calculation symmetrically, from the numerator and denominator, financing to small and medium-sized enterprises that do not fall within the scope of the NFRD 
or financing outside EU (even if they meet the taxonomy criteria requirements) cannot qualify as aligned with the taxonomy. Furthermore, activities not covered by the EU taxonomy will be excluded from the numerator, but not from the 
denominator of GAR.
GAR KPI STOCK - CAPEX
% (compared to total covered assets in the 
denominator)
2023
Pollution (PPC)
Biodiversity and Ecosystems (BIO)
TOTAL (CCM + CCA + WTR + CE + PPC + BIO)
Proportion of total covered assets funding 
taxonomy relevant sectors (Taxonomy-eligible)
Proportion of total covered assets funding 
taxonomy relevant sectors (Taxonomy-eligible)
Proportion of total covered assets funding taxonomy relevant 
sectors (Taxonomy-eligible)
Proportion 
of total 
assets 
covered
Proportion of total covered assets 
funding taxonomy relevant sectors 
(Taxonomy-aligned)
Proportion of total covered assets 
funding taxonomy relevant sectors 
(Taxonomy-aligned)
Proportion of total covered assets funding 
taxonomy relevant sectors (Taxonomy-aligned)
Of which 
Use of 
Proceeds
Of which 
enabling
Of which 
Use of 
Proceeds
Of which 
enabling
Of which 
Use of 
Proceeds
Of which 
transitional
Of which 
enabling
Consolidated Management Report Consolidated Non-financial Information Statement
314
This English version is a translation of the original in Spanish for information purposes only. In case of a discrepancy, the Spanish original will prevail.

GAR - Covered assets in both numerator and 
denominator
Loans and advances, debt securities and equity 
instruments not HfT eligible for GAR calculation
 40.30 
 1.57 
 0.43 
 0.34 
 0.51 
 0.90 
 — 
 — 
 — 
 — 
 — 
 — 
 — 
 1.86 
 — 
 — 
 — 
Financial corporations 
 19.30 
 1.71 
 — 
 0.06 
 0.49 
 17.73 
 — 
 — 
 — 
 — 
 — 
 — 
 — 
 0.06 
 — 
 — 
 — 
Credit institutions
 18.39 
 1.45 
 — 
 0.06 
 0.21 
 23.82 
 — 
 — 
 — 
 — 
 — 
 — 
 — 
 — 
 — 
 — 
 — 
Loans and advances
 18.87 
 1.51 
 — 
 0.06 
 0.21 
 22.03 
 — 
 — 
 — 
 — 
 — 
 — 
 — 
 — 
 — 
 — 
 — 
Debt securities, including UoP
 — 
 — 
 — 
 — 
 — 
 99.48 
 — 
 — 
 — 
 — 
 — 
 — 
 — 
 — 
 — 
 — 
 — 
Equity instruments
 21.86 
 1.05 
 0.27 
 0.21 
 0.03 
 — 
 — 
 — 
 — 
 — 
 — 
 — 
 — 
Other financial corporations
 21.94 
 2.44 
 — 
 0.08 
 1.31 
 0.01 
 0.01 
 — 
 0.01 
 — 
 — 
 — 
 — 
 0.23 
 — 
 — 
 — 
of which investment firms
 — 
 — 
 — 
 — 
 — 
 — 
 — 
 — 
 — 
 — 
 — 
 — 
 — 
 83.17 
 — 
 — 
 — 
Loans and advances
 — 
 — 
 — 
 — 
 — 
 — 
 — 
 — 
 — 
 — 
 — 
 — 
 — 
 83.17 
 — 
 — 
 — 
Debt securities, including UoP
 — 
 — 
 — 
 — 
 — 
 — 
 — 
 — 
 — 
 — 
 — 
 — 
 — 
 — 
 — 
 — 
 — 
Equity instruments
 — 
 — 
 — 
 — 
 — 
 — 
 — 
 — 
 — 
 — 
 — 
 — 
 — 
of which  management companies
 67.20 
 12.40 
 — 
 0.60 
 8.30 
 0.05 
 0.05 
 — 
 0.05 
 — 
 — 
 — 
 — 
 — 
 — 
 — 
 — 
Loans and advances
 67.20 
 12.40 
 — 
 0.60 
 8.30 
 0.05 
 0.05 
 — 
 0.05 
 — 
 — 
 — 
 — 
 — 
 — 
 — 
 — 
Debt securities, including UoP
 — 
 — 
 — 
 — 
 — 
 — 
 — 
 — 
 — 
 — 
 — 
 — 
 — 
 — 
 — 
 — 
 — 
Equity instruments
 — 
 — 
 — 
 — 
 — 
 — 
 — 
 — 
 — 
 — 
 — 
 — 
 — 
of which insurance undertakings
 — 
 — 
 — 
 — 
 — 
 — 
 — 
 — 
 — 
 — 
 — 
 — 
 — 
 — 
 — 
 — 
 — 
Loans and advances
 — 
 — 
 — 
 — 
 — 
 — 
 — 
 — 
 — 
 — 
 — 
 — 
 — 
 — 
 — 
 — 
 — 
Debt securities, including UoP
 — 
 — 
 — 
 — 
 — 
 — 
 — 
 — 
 — 
 — 
 — 
 — 
 — 
 — 
 — 
 — 
 — 
Equity instruments
 — 
 — 
 — 
 — 
 — 
 — 
 — 
 — 
 — 
 — 
 — 
 — 
 — 
Non-financial corporations
 38.01 
 6.97 
 — 
 2.25 
 3.24 
 0.06 
 — 
 — 
 — 
 0.02 
 — 
 — 
 — 
 12.34 
 — 
 — 
 — 
Loans and advances
 39.06 
 6.21 
 — 
 2.50 
 2.17 
 0.07 
 — 
 — 
 — 
 0.02 
 — 
 — 
 — 
 7.50 
 — 
 — 
 — 
Debt securities, including UoP
 67.21 
 41.56 
 — 
 0.04 
 40.59 
 — 
 — 
 — 
 — 
 — 
 — 
 — 
 — 
 — 
 — 
 — 
 — 
Equity instruments
 10.64 
 1.20 
 — 
 0.40 
 — 
 — 
 — 
 — 
 — 
 — 
 82.16 
 — 
 — 
Households
 42.57 
 0.55 
 0.55 
 — 
 — 
 — 
 — 
 — 
 — 
 — 
 — 
 — 
 — 
of which loans collateralized by 
residential immovable property
 100.00 
 1.71 
 1.71 
 — 
 — 
 — 
 — 
 — 
 — 
 — 
 — 
 — 
 — 
of which building renovation loans
 100.00 
 — 
 — 
 — 
 — 
 — 
 — 
 — 
 — 
 — 
 — 
 — 
 — 
of which motor vehicle loans
 100.00 
 0.27 
 0.27 
 — 
 — 
Local governments financing
 — 
 — 
 — 
 — 
 — 
 — 
 — 
 — 
 — 
 — 
 — 
 — 
 — 
 — 
 — 
 — 
 — 
Housing financing
 — 
 — 
 — 
 — 
 — 
 — 
 — 
 — 
 — 
 — 
 — 
 — 
 — 
 — 
 — 
 — 
 — 
GAR KPI FLOW- TURNOVER
% (compared to flow of total eligible assets)
2024
Climate Change Mitigation (CCM)
Climate Change Adaptation (CCA)
Water and marine resources (WTR)
Circular economy (CE)
Proportion of total covered assets funding taxonomy relevant 
sectors (Taxonomy-eligible)
Proportion of total covered assets funding 
taxonomy relevant sectors (Taxonomy-eligible)
Proportion of total covered assets funding 
taxonomy relevant sectors (Taxonomy-eligible)
Proportion of total covered assets funding 
taxonomy relevant sectors (Taxonomy-eligible)
Proportion of total covered assets funding 
taxonomy relevant sectors (Taxonomy-aligned)
Proportion of total covered assets 
funding taxonomy relevant sectors 
(Taxonomy-aligned)
Proportion of total covered assets 
funding taxonomy relevant sectors 
(Taxonomy-aligned)
Proportion of total covered assets 
funding taxonomy relevant sectors 
(Taxonomy-aligned)
Of which 
Use of 
Proceeds
Of which 
transitional
Of which 
enabling
Of which 
Use of 
Proceeds
Of which 
enabling
Of which 
Use of 
Proceeds
Of which 
enabling
Of which 
Use of 
Proceeds
Of which 
enabling
Consolidated Management Report Consolidated Non-financial Information Statement
315
This English version is a translation of the original in Spanish for information purposes only. In case of a discrepancy, the Spanish original will prevail.

Other local government financing
 — 
 — 
 — 
 — 
 — 
 — 
 — 
 — 
 — 
 — 
 — 
 — 
 — 
 — 
 — 
 — 
 — 
Collateral obtained by taking possession: 
residential and commercial immovable 
properties 
 100.00 
 — 
 — 
 — 
 — 
 — 
 — 
 — 
 — 
 — 
 — 
 — 
 — 
 — 
 — 
 — 
 — 
Total GAR assets
 12.92 
 0.50 
 0.14 
 0.11 
 0.16 
 0.29 
 — 
 — 
 — 
 — 
 — 
 — 
 — 
 0.60 
 — 
 — 
 — 
(1) The present information has been prepared in accordance with Commission Delegated Regulation (EU) 2021/2178, of July 6, 2021, which supplements Regulation (EU) 2020/852 of the European Parliament and of the Council by specifying the content and the presentation of 
information on environmentally sustainable economic activities
(2) Customers' economic activities are classified as eligible or aligned in accordance with the Delegated Acts supplementing Regulation (EU) 2020/852 of the European Parliament and of the Council. Specifically, the economic activities covered by Delegated Regulations (EU) 
2021/2139 on mitigation and adaptation to climate change have been taken into consideration.
(3) Clients' economic activities are classified as eligible or aligned taking into account the modifications implemented by Commission Delegated Regulation (EU) 2022/1214 of March 9, 2022, which includes economic activities in certain energy sectors, and Commission Delegated 
Regulation (EU) 2023/2485 of 27 June 2023 establishing additional technical criteria.
(4)The information includes the BBVA Group total prudential balance. In terms of breakdown of environmental objectives, the most significant entities are included and correspond to 96% of the total assets. The financial assets analyzed correspond to the categories of financial 
instruments valued “At amortized cost”, “Fair Value with Changes in Other Comprehensive Income (FVOCI)”, “Fair Value with Changes in P&L” and “Non-negotiable at Fair Value with changes in result.
(5) NFRD counterparties are those subject to Directive 2014/95/EU (the Non-Financial Reporting Directive or NFRD), such as large listed companies, banks and insurance companies, with more than 500 employees. BBVA identifies NFRD counterparties mainly in two ways: i) review 
of the registered office in a country of the European Union and ii) more than 500 employees. In the event that the previous criterion is not met and if the client belongs to a business group, the same review is carried out at the parent company level.
6) Eligibility information for NFRD counterparties is obtained through an external reference provider in the sector, which obtains EU taxonomy KPI information directly from their corporate reports, EINF or equivalent. In the case of NFRD clients for whom the information has not been 
provided through the previous means, the information from their corporate reports is captured by BBVA or the client's main activity is analyzed to establish their eligibility.
(7) Exposure to individuals includes self-employed workers, in which case the activity code (NACE) is reviewed to determine eligibility. The rest of the exposure corresponding to the individual segment is reviewed for the use of funds to be considered eligible, for example, in the case 
of housing loans. EU Taxonomy activity 7.7 Acquisition and ownership of buildings, EU Taxonomy activity 7.2 Renovation of independently existing buildings, or Cars: EUT 6.5 Transport by motorcycles, passenger cars and light commercial vehicles)
(8) While exposures to governments and central banks are excluded from the GAR calculation symmetrically, from the numerator and denominator, financing to small and medium-sized enterprises that do not fall within the scope of the NFRD or financing outside EU (even if they 
meet the taxonomy criteria requirements) cannot qualify as aligned with the taxonomy. Furthermore, activities not covered by the EU taxonomy will be excluded from the numerator, but not from the denominator of GAR.
GAR KPI FLOW- TURNOVER
% (compared to flow of total eligible assets)
2024
Climate Change Mitigation (CCM)
Climate Change Adaptation (CCA)
Water and marine resources (WTR)
Circular economy (CE)
Proportion of total covered assets funding taxonomy relevant 
sectors (Taxonomy-eligible)
Proportion of total covered assets funding 
taxonomy relevant sectors (Taxonomy-eligible)
Proportion of total covered assets funding 
taxonomy relevant sectors (Taxonomy-eligible)
Proportion of total covered assets funding 
taxonomy relevant sectors (Taxonomy-eligible)
Proportion of total covered assets funding 
taxonomy relevant sectors (Taxonomy-aligned)
Proportion of total covered assets 
funding taxonomy relevant sectors 
(Taxonomy-aligned)
Proportion of total covered assets 
funding taxonomy relevant sectors 
(Taxonomy-aligned)
Proportion of total covered assets 
funding taxonomy relevant sectors 
(Taxonomy-aligned)
Of which 
Use of 
Proceeds
Of which 
transitional
Of which 
enabling
Of which 
Use of 
Proceeds
Of which 
enabling
Of which 
Use of 
Proceeds
Of which 
enabling
Of which 
Use of 
Proceeds
Of which 
enabling
Consolidated Management Report Consolidated Non-financial Information Statement
316
This English version is a translation of the original in Spanish for information purposes only. In case of a discrepancy, the Spanish original will prevail.

GAR - Covered assets in both numerator and 
denominator
Loans and advances, debt securities and equity 
instruments not HfT eligible for GAR calculation
 0.16 
 — 
 — 
 — 
 0.37 
 — 
 — 
 — 
 43.58 
 1.57 
 0.43 
 0.34 
 0.51 
 7.63 
Financial corporations 
 — 
 — 
 — 
 — 
 — 
 — 
 — 
 — 
 37.08 
 1.71 
 — 
 0.06 
 0.49 
 0.38 
Credit institutions
 — 
 — 
 — 
 — 
 — 
 — 
 — 
 — 
 42.21 
 1.45 
 — 
 0.06 
 0.21 
 0.28 
Loans and advances
 — 
 — 
 — 
 — 
 — 
 — 
 — 
 — 
 40.90 
 1.51 
 — 
 0.06 
 0.21 
 0.27 
Debt securities, including UoP
 — 
 — 
 — 
 — 
 — 
 — 
 — 
 — 
 99.48 
 — 
 — 
 — 
 — 
 0.01 
Equity instruments
 — 
 — 
 — 
 — 
 — 
 — 
 21.88 
 1.06 
 0.27 
 0.21 
 0.01 
Other financial corporations
 — 
 — 
 — 
 — 
 — 
 — 
 — 
 — 
 22.18 
 2.45 
 — 
 0.08 
 1.32 
 0.10 
of which investment firms
 — 
 — 
 — 
 — 
 — 
 — 
 — 
 — 
 83.17 
 — 
 — 
 — 
 — 
 — 
Loans and advances
 — 
 — 
 — 
 — 
 — 
 — 
 — 
 — 
 83.17 
 — 
 — 
 — 
 — 
 — 
Debt securities, including UoP
 — 
 — 
 — 
 — 
 — 
 — 
 — 
 — 
 — 
 — 
 — 
 — 
 — 
 — 
Equity instruments
 — 
 — 
 — 
 — 
 — 
 — 
 — 
 — 
 — 
 — 
 — 
of which  management companies
 — 
 — 
 — 
 — 
 — 
 — 
 — 
 — 
 67.25 
 12.45 
 — 
 0.60 
 8.35 
 0.01 
Loans and advances
 — 
 — 
 — 
 — 
 — 
 — 
 — 
 — 
 67.25 
 12.45 
 — 
 0.60 
 8.35 
 0.01 
Debt securities, including UoP
 — 
 — 
 — 
 — 
 — 
 — 
 — 
 — 
 — 
 — 
 — 
 — 
 — 
 — 
Equity instruments
 — 
 — 
 — 
 — 
 — 
 — 
 — 
 — 
 — 
 — 
 — 
of which insurance undertakings
 — 
 — 
 — 
 — 
 — 
 — 
 — 
 — 
 — 
 — 
 — 
 — 
 — 
 — 
Loans and advances
 — 
 — 
 — 
 — 
 — 
 — 
 — 
 — 
 — 
 — 
 — 
 — 
 — 
 — 
Debt securities, including UoP
 — 
 — 
 — 
 — 
 — 
 — 
 — 
 — 
 — 
 — 
 — 
 — 
 — 
 — 
Equity instruments
 — 
 — 
 — 
 — 
 — 
 — 
 — 
 — 
 — 
 — 
 — 
Non-financial corporations
 1.05 
 — 
 — 
 — 
 2.46 
 — 
 — 
 — 
 53.93 
 6.97 
 — 
 2.25 
 3.24 
 1.15 
Loans and advances
 0.94 
 — 
 — 
 — 
 2.73 
 — 
 — 
 — 
 50.32 
 6.21 
 — 
 2.50 
 2.17 
 1.04 
Debt securities, including UoP
 — 
 — 
 — 
 — 
 — 
 — 
 — 
 — 
 67.21 
 41.56 
 — 
 0.04 
 40.59 
 0.04 
Equity instruments
 2.87 
 — 
 — 
 — 
 — 
 — 
 95.68 
 1.20 
 — 
 0.40 
 0.08 
Households
 42.57 
 0.55 
 0.55 
 — 
 — 
 6.03 
of which loans collateralized by 
residential immovable property
 100.00 
 1.71 
 1.71 
 — 
 — 
 1.84 
of which building renovation loans
 100.00 
 — 
 — 
 — 
 — 
 0.17 
of which motor vehicle loans
 100.00 
 0.27 
 0.27 
 — 
 — 
 0.55 
Local governments financing
 — 
 — 
 — 
 — 
 — 
 — 
 — 
 — 
 — 
 — 
 — 
 — 
 — 
 0.08 
Housing financing
 — 
 — 
 — 
 — 
 — 
 — 
 — 
 — 
 — 
 — 
 — 
 — 
 — 
 — 
GAR KPI FLOW- TURNOVER
% (compared to flow of total eligible assets)
2024
Pollution (PPC)
Biodiversity and Ecosystems (BIO)
TOTAL (CCM + CCA + WTR + CE + PPC + BIO)
Proportion of total covered assets funding 
taxonomy relevant sectors (Taxonomy-eligible)
Proportion of total covered assets funding 
taxonomy relevant sectors (Taxonomy-eligible)
Proportion of total covered assets funding taxonomy relevant 
sectors (Taxonomy-eligible)
Proportion of 
total new assets 
covered
Proportion of total covered assets 
funding taxonomy relevant sectors 
(Taxonomy-aligned)
Proportion of total covered assets 
funding taxonomy relevant sectors 
(Taxonomy-aligned)
Proportion of total covered assets funding 
taxonomy relevant sectors (Taxonomy-aligned)
Of which 
Use of 
Proceeds
Of which 
enabling
Of which 
Use of 
Proceeds
Of which 
enabling
Of which 
Use of 
Proceeds
Of which 
transitional
Of which 
enabling
Consolidated Management Report Consolidated Non-financial Information Statement
317
This English version is a translation of the original in Spanish for information purposes only. In case of a discrepancy, the Spanish original will prevail.

Other local government financing
 — 
 — 
 — 
 — 
 — 
 — 
 — 
 — 
 — 
 — 
 — 
 — 
 — 
 0.08 
Collateral obtained by taking possession: 
residential and commercial immovable 
properties 
 — 
 — 
 — 
 — 
 — 
 — 
 — 
 — 
 100.00 
 — 
 — 
 — 
 — 
 — 
Total GAR assets
 0.05 
 — 
 — 
 — 
 0.12 
 — 
 — 
 — 
 13.98 
 0.50 
 0.14 
 0.11 
 0.16 
 23.84 
(1) The present information has been prepared in accordance with Commission Delegated Regulation (EU) 2021/2178, of July 6, 2021, which supplements Regulation (EU) 2020/852 of the European Parliament and of the Council by specifying the 
content and the presentation of information on environmentally sustainable economic activities
(2) Customers' economic activities are classified as eligible or aligned in accordance with the Delegated Acts supplementing Regulation (EU) 2020/852 of the European Parliament and of the Council. Specifically, the economic activities covered by 
Delegated Regulations (EU) 2021/2139 on mitigation and adaptation to climate change have been taken into consideration.
(3) Clients' economic activities are classified as eligible or aligned taking into account the modifications implemented by Commission Delegated Regulation (EU) 2022/1214 of March 9, 2022, which includes economic activities in certain energy 
sectors, and Commission Delegated Regulation (EU) 2023/2485 of 27 June 2023 establishing additional technical criteria.
(4)The information includes the BBVA Group total prudential balance. In terms of breakdown of environmental objectives, the most significant entities are included and correspond to 96% of the total assets. The financial assets analyzed 
correspond to the categories of financial instruments valued “At amortized cost”, “Fair Value with Changes in Other Comprehensive Income (FVOCI)”, “Fair Value with Changes in P&L” and “Non-negotiable at Fair Value with changes in result.
(5) NFRD counterparties are those subject to Directive 2014/95/EU (the Non-Financial Reporting Directive or NFRD), such as large listed companies, banks and insurance companies, with more than 500 employees. BBVA identifies NFRD 
counterparties mainly in two ways: i) review of the registered office in a country of the European Union and ii) more than 500 employees. In the event that the previous criterion is not met and if the client belongs to a business group, the same 
review is carried out at the parent company level.
6) Eligibility information for NFRD counterparties is obtained through an external reference provider in the sector, which obtains EU taxonomy KPI information directly from their corporate reports, EINF or equivalent. In the case of NFRD clients for 
whom the information has not been provided through the previous means, the information from their corporate reports is captured by BBVA or the client's main activity is analyzed to establish their eligibility.
(7) Exposure to individuals includes self-employed workers, in which case the activity code (NACE) is reviewed to determine eligibility. The rest of the exposure corresponding to the individual segment is reviewed for the use of funds to be 
considered eligible, for example, in the case of housing loans. EU Taxonomy activity 7.7 Acquisition and ownership of buildings, EU Taxonomy activity 7.2 Renovation of independently existing buildings, or Cars: EUT 6.5 Transport by motorcycles, 
passenger cars and light commercial vehicles)
(8) While exposures to governments and central banks are excluded from the GAR calculation symmetrically, from the numerator and denominator, financing to small and medium-sized enterprises that do not fall within the scope of the NFRD or 
financing outside EU (even if they meet the taxonomy criteria requirements) cannot qualify as aligned with the taxonomy. Furthermore, activities not covered by the EU taxonomy will be excluded from the numerator, but not from the denominator 
of GAR.
GAR KPI FLOW- TURNOVER
% (compared to flow of total eligible assets)
2024
Pollution (PPC)
Biodiversity and Ecosystems (BIO)
TOTAL (CCM + CCA + WTR + CE + PPC + BIO)
Proportion of total covered assets funding 
taxonomy relevant sectors (Taxonomy-eligible)
Proportion of total covered assets funding 
taxonomy relevant sectors (Taxonomy-eligible)
Proportion of total covered assets funding taxonomy relevant 
sectors (Taxonomy-eligible)
Proportion of 
total new assets 
covered
Proportion of total covered assets 
funding taxonomy relevant sectors 
(Taxonomy-aligned)
Proportion of total covered assets 
funding taxonomy relevant sectors 
(Taxonomy-aligned)
Proportion of total covered assets funding 
taxonomy relevant sectors (Taxonomy-aligned)
Of which 
Use of 
Proceeds
Of which 
enabling
Of which 
Use of 
Proceeds
Of which 
enabling
Of which 
Use of 
Proceeds
Of which 
transitional
Of which 
enabling
Consolidated Management Report Consolidated Non-financial Information Statement
318
This English version is a translation of the original in Spanish for information purposes only. In case of a discrepancy, the Spanish original will prevail.

GAR - Covered assets in both numerator and 
denominator
Loans and advances, debt securities and equity 
instruments not HfT eligible for GAR calculation
 41.57 
 2.72 
 0.43 
 0.37 
 0.75 
 0.92 
 — 
 — 
 — 
 — 
 — 
 — 
 — 
 1.64 
 — 
 — 
 — 
Financial corporations
 19.86 
 2.30 
 — 
 0.07 
 0.85 
 17.73 
 — 
 — 
 — 
 — 
 — 
 — 
 — 
 0.06 
 — 
 — 
 — 
Credit institutions
 18.99 
 1.82 
 — 
 0.07 
 0.44 
 23.83 
 0.01 
 — 
 — 
 — 
 — 
 — 
 — 
 — 
 — 
 — 
 — 
Loans and advances
 19.48 
 1.88 
 — 
 0.07 
 0.46 
 22.04 
 0.01 
 — 
 — 
 — 
 — 
 — 
 — 
 — 
 — 
 — 
 — 
Debt securities, including UoP
 0.18 
 0.02 
 — 
 — 
 0.01 
 99.48 
 — 
 — 
 — 
 — 
 — 
 — 
 — 
 — 
 — 
 — 
 — 
Equity instruments
 22.60 
 1.62 
 0.51 
 0.39 
 0.06 
 0.02 
 — 
 — 
 — 
 — 
 — 
 — 
 — 
Other financial corporations
 22.41 
 3.67 
 — 
 0.05 
 2.05 
 — 
 — 
 — 
 — 
 — 
 — 
 — 
 — 
 0.23 
 — 
 — 
 — 
of which investment firms
 — 
 — 
 — 
 — 
 — 
 — 
 — 
 — 
 — 
 — 
 — 
 — 
 — 
 83.17 
 — 
 — 
 — 
Loans and advances
 — 
 — 
 — 
 — 
 — 
 — 
 — 
 — 
 — 
 — 
 — 
 — 
 — 
 83.17 
 — 
 — 
 — 
Debt securities, including UoP
 — 
 — 
 — 
 — 
 — 
 — 
 — 
 — 
 — 
 — 
 — 
 — 
 — 
 — 
 — 
 — 
 — 
Equity instruments
 — 
 — 
 — 
 — 
 — 
 — 
 — 
 — 
 — 
 — 
 — 
 — 
 — 
of which  management companies
 33.30 
 10.30 
 — 
 — 
 9.50 
 — 
 — 
 — 
 — 
 — 
 — 
 — 
 — 
 — 
 — 
 — 
 — 
Loans and advances
 33.30 
 10.30 
 — 
 — 
 9.50 
 — 
 — 
 — 
 — 
 — 
 — 
 — 
 — 
 — 
 — 
 — 
 — 
Debt securities, including UoP
 — 
 — 
 — 
 — 
 — 
 — 
 — 
 — 
 — 
 — 
 — 
 — 
 — 
 — 
 — 
 — 
 — 
Equity instruments
 — 
 — 
 — 
 — 
 — 
 — 
 — 
 — 
 — 
 — 
 — 
 — 
 — 
of which insurance undertakings
 — 
 — 
 — 
 — 
 — 
 — 
 — 
 — 
 — 
 — 
 — 
 — 
 — 
 — 
 — 
 — 
 — 
Loans and advances
 — 
 — 
 — 
 — 
 — 
 — 
 — 
 — 
 — 
 — 
 — 
 — 
 — 
 — 
 — 
 — 
 — 
Debt securities, including UoP
 — 
 — 
 — 
 — 
 — 
 — 
 — 
 — 
 — 
 — 
 — 
 — 
 — 
 — 
 — 
 — 
 — 
Equity instruments
 — 
 — 
 — 
 — 
 — 
 — 
 — 
 — 
 — 
 — 
 — 
 — 
 — 
Non-financial corporations 
 46.31 
 14.42 
 — 
 2.44 
 4.71 
 0.20 
 0.02 
 — 
 0.01 
 0.02 
 — 
 — 
 — 
 10.87 
 — 
 — 
 — 
Loans and advances
 48.05 
 13.69 
 — 
 2.70 
 3.32 
 0.22 
 0.02 
 — 
 0.01 
 0.02 
 — 
 — 
 — 
 5.88 
 — 
 — 
 — 
Debt securities, including UoP
 65.21 
 53.82 
 — 
 0.08 
 52.11 
 — 
 — 
 — 
 — 
 — 
 — 
 — 
 — 
 — 
 — 
 — 
 — 
Equity instruments
 14.52 
 6.08 
 — 
 1.43 
 — 
 — 
 — 
 — 
 — 
 — 
 82.16 
 — 
 — 
Households
 42.57 
 0.55 
 0.55 
 — 
 — 
 — 
 — 
 — 
 — 
 — 
 — 
 — 
 — 
of which loans collateralized by 
residential immovable property
 100.00 
 1.71 
 1.71 
 — 
 — 
 — 
 — 
 — 
 — 
 — 
 — 
 — 
 — 
of which building renovation loans
 100.00 
 — 
 — 
 — 
 — 
 — 
 — 
 — 
 — 
 — 
 — 
 — 
 — 
of which motor vehicle loans
 100.00 
 0.27 
 0.27 
 — 
 — 
Local governments financing
 — 
 — 
 — 
 — 
 — 
 — 
 — 
 — 
 — 
 — 
 — 
 — 
 — 
 — 
 — 
 — 
 — 
Housing financing
 — 
 — 
 — 
 — 
 — 
 — 
 — 
 — 
 — 
 — 
 — 
 — 
 — 
 — 
 — 
 — 
 — 
GAR KPI FLOW- CAPEX
% (compared to flow of total eligible assets)
2024
Climate Change Mitigation (CCM)
Climate Change Adaptation (CCA)
Water and marine resources (WTR)
Circular economy (CE)
Proportion of total covered assets funding taxonomy relevant 
sectors (Taxonomy-eligible)
Proportion of total covered assets funding 
taxonomy relevant sectors (Taxonomy-eligible)
Proportion of total covered assets funding 
taxonomy relevant sectors (Taxonomy-eligible)
Proportion of total covered assets funding 
taxonomy relevant sectors (Taxonomy-eligible)
Proportion of total covered assets funding 
taxonomy relevant sectors (Taxonomy-aligned)
Proportion of total covered assets 
funding taxonomy relevant sectors 
(Taxonomy-aligned)
Proportion of total covered assets 
funding taxonomy relevant sectors 
(Taxonomy-aligned)
Proportion of total covered assets 
funding taxonomy relevant sectors 
(Taxonomy-aligned)
Of which 
Use of 
Proceeds
Of which 
transitional
Of which 
enabling
Of which 
Use of 
Proceeds
Of which 
enabling
Of which 
Use of 
Proceeds
Of which 
enabling
Of which 
Use of 
Proceeds
Of which 
enabling
Consolidated Management Report Consolidated Non-financial Information Statement
319
This English version is a translation of the original in Spanish for information purposes only. In case of a discrepancy, the Spanish original will prevail.

Other local government financing
 — 
 — 
 — 
 — 
 — 
 — 
 — 
 — 
 — 
 — 
 — 
 — 
 — 
 — 
 — 
 — 
 — 
Collateral obtained by taking possession: 
residential and commercial immovable 
properties
 100.00 
 — 
 — 
 — 
 — 
 — 
 — 
 — 
 — 
 — 
 — 
 — 
 — 
 — 
 — 
 — 
 — 
Total GAR assets
 13.33 
 0.87 
 0.14 
 0.12 
 0.24 
 0.29 
 — 
 — 
 — 
 — 
 — 
 — 
 — 
 0.53 
 — 
 — 
 — 
(1) The present information has been prepared in accordance with Commission Delegated Regulation (EU) 2021/2178, of July 6, 2021, which supplements Regulation (EU) 2020/852 of the European Parliament and of the Council by specifying the content and the presentation of 
information on environmentally sustainable economic activities
(2) Customers' economic activities are classified as eligible or aligned in accordance with the Delegated Acts supplementing Regulation (EU) 2020/852 of the European Parliament and of the Council. Specifically, the economic activities covered by Delegated Regulations (EU) 
2021/2139 on mitigation and adaptation to climate change have been taken into consideration.
(3) Clients' economic activities are classified as eligible or aligned taking into account the modifications implemented by Commission Delegated Regulation (EU) 2022/1214 of March 9, 2022, which includes economic activities in certain energy sectors, and Commission Delegated 
Regulation (EU) 2023/2485 of 27 June 2023 establishing additional technical criteria.
(4)The information includes the BBVA Group total prudential balance. In terms of breakdown of environmental objectives, the most significant entities are included and correspond to 96% of the total assets. The financial assets analyzed correspond to the categories of financial 
instruments valued “At amortized cost”, “Fair Value with Changes in Other Comprehensive Income (FVOCI)”, “Fair Value with Changes in P&L” and “Non-negotiable at Fair Value with changes in result.
(5) NFRD counterparties are those subject to Directive 2014/95/EU (the Non-Financial Reporting Directive or NFRD), such as large listed companies, banks and insurance companies, with more than 500 employees. BBVA identifies NFRD counterparties mainly in two ways: i) review 
of the registered office in a country of the European Union and ii) more than 500 employees. In the event that the previous criterion is not met and if the client belongs to a business group, the same review is carried out at the parent company level.
6) Eligibility information for NFRD counterparties is obtained through an external reference provider in the sector, which obtains EU taxonomy KPI information directly from their corporate reports, EINF or equivalent. In the case of NFRD clients for whom the information has not been 
provided through the previous means, the information from their corporate reports is captured by BBVA or the client's main activity is analyzed to establish their eligibility.
(7) Exposure to individuals includes self-employed workers, in which case the activity code (NACE) is reviewed to determine eligibility. The rest of the exposure corresponding to the individual segment is reviewed for the use of funds to be considered eligible, for example, in the case 
of housing loans. EU Taxonomy activity 7.7 Acquisition and ownership of buildings, EU Taxonomy activity 7.2 Renovation of independently existing buildings, or Cars: EUT 6.5 Transport by motorcycles, passenger cars and light commercial vehicles)
(8) While exposures to governments and central banks are excluded from the GAR calculation symmetrically, from the numerator and denominator, financing to small and medium-sized enterprises that do not fall within the scope of the NFRD or financing outside EU (even if they 
meet the taxonomy criteria requirements) cannot qualify as aligned with the taxonomy. Furthermore, activities not covered by the EU taxonomy will be excluded from the numerator, but not from the denominator of GAR.
GAR KPI FLOW- CAPEX
% (compared to flow of total eligible assets)
2024
Climate Change Mitigation (CCM)
Climate Change Adaptation (CCA)
Water and marine resources (WTR)
Circular economy (CE)
Proportion of total covered assets funding taxonomy relevant 
sectors (Taxonomy-eligible)
Proportion of total covered assets funding 
taxonomy relevant sectors (Taxonomy-eligible)
Proportion of total covered assets funding 
taxonomy relevant sectors (Taxonomy-eligible)
Proportion of total covered assets funding 
taxonomy relevant sectors (Taxonomy-eligible)
Proportion of total covered assets funding 
taxonomy relevant sectors (Taxonomy-aligned)
Proportion of total covered assets 
funding taxonomy relevant sectors 
(Taxonomy-aligned)
Proportion of total covered assets 
funding taxonomy relevant sectors 
(Taxonomy-aligned)
Proportion of total covered assets 
funding taxonomy relevant sectors 
(Taxonomy-aligned)
Of which 
Use of 
Proceeds
Of which 
transitional
Of which 
enabling
Of which 
Use of 
Proceeds
Of which 
enabling
Of which 
Use of 
Proceeds
Of which 
enabling
Of which 
Use of 
Proceeds
Of which 
enabling
Consolidated Management Report Consolidated Non-financial Information Statement
320
This English version is a translation of the original in Spanish for information purposes only. In case of a discrepancy, the Spanish original will prevail.

GAR - Covered assets in both numerator and 
denominator
Loans and advances, debt securities and equity 
instruments not HfT eligible for GAR calculation
 0.10 
 — 
 — 
 — 
 0.37 
 — 
 — 
 — 
 44.60 
 2.72 
 0.43 
 0.37 
 0.75 
 7.63 
Financial corporations
 — 
 — 
 — 
 — 
 — 
 — 
 — 
 — 
 37.65 
 2.30 
 — 
 0.07 
 0.85 
 0.38 
Credit institutions
 — 
 — 
 — 
 — 
 — 
 — 
 — 
 — 
 42.81 
 1.83 
 — 
 0.07 
 0.44 
 0.28 
Loans and advances
 — 
 — 
 — 
 — 
 — 
 — 
 — 
 — 
 41.52 
 1.89 
 — 
 0.07 
 0.46 
 0.27 
Debt securities, including UoP
 — 
 — 
 — 
 — 
 — 
 — 
 — 
 — 
 99.67 
 0.02 
 — 
 — 
 0.01 
 0.01 
Equity instruments
 — 
 — 
 — 
 — 
 — 
 — 
 22.66 
 1.63 
 0.51 
 0.39 
 0.01 
Other financial corporations
 — 
 — 
 — 
 — 
 — 
 — 
 — 
 — 
 22.65 
 3.67 
 — 
 0.05 
 2.05 
 0.10 
of which investment firms
 — 
 — 
 — 
 — 
 — 
 — 
 — 
 — 
 83.17 
 — 
 — 
 — 
 — 
 — 
Loans and advances
 — 
 — 
 — 
 — 
 — 
 — 
 — 
 — 
 83.17 
 — 
 — 
 — 
 — 
 — 
Debt securities, including UoP
 — 
 — 
 — 
 — 
 — 
 — 
 — 
 — 
 — 
 — 
 — 
 — 
 — 
 — 
Equity instruments
 — 
 — 
 — 
 — 
 — 
 — 
 — 
 — 
 — 
 — 
 — 
of which  management companies
 — 
 — 
 — 
 — 
 — 
 — 
 — 
 — 
 33.30 
 10.30 
 — 
 — 
 9.50 
 0.01 
Loans and advances
 — 
 — 
 — 
 — 
 — 
 — 
 — 
 — 
 33.30 
 10.30 
 — 
 — 
 9.50 
 0.01 
Debt securities, including UoP
 — 
 — 
 — 
 — 
 — 
 — 
 — 
 — 
 — 
 — 
 — 
 — 
 — 
 — 
Equity instruments
 — 
 — 
 — 
 — 
 — 
 — 
 — 
 — 
 — 
 — 
 — 
of which insurance undertakings
 — 
 — 
 — 
 — 
 — 
 — 
 — 
 — 
 — 
 — 
 — 
 — 
 — 
 — 
Loans and advances
 — 
 — 
 — 
 — 
 — 
 — 
 — 
 — 
 — 
 — 
 — 
 — 
 — 
 — 
Debt securities, including UoP
 — 
 — 
 — 
 — 
 — 
 — 
 — 
 — 
 — 
 — 
 — 
 — 
 — 
 — 
Equity instruments
 — 
 — 
 — 
 — 
 — 
 — 
 — 
 — 
 — 
 — 
 — 
Non-financial corporations 
 0.66 
 — 
 — 
 — 
 2.46 
 — 
 — 
 — 
 60.52 
 14.44 
 — 
 2.44 
 4.72 
 1.15 
Loans and advances
 0.51 
 — 
 — 
 — 
 2.73 
 — 
 — 
 — 
 57.41 
 13.72 
 — 
 2.70 
 3.33 
 1.04 
Debt securities, including UoP
 — 
 — 
 — 
 — 
 — 
 — 
 — 
 — 
 65.21 
 53.82 
 — 
 0.08 
 52.11 
 0.04 
Equity instruments
 2.87 
 — 
 — 
 — 
 — 
 — 
 99.55 
 6.08 
 — 
 1.43 
 0.08 
Households
 42.57 
 0.55 
 0.55 
 — 
 — 
 6.03 
of which loans collateralized by 
residential immovable property
 100.00 
 1.71 
 1.71 
 — 
 — 
 1.84 
of which building renovation loans
 100.00 
 — 
 — 
 — 
 — 
 0.17 
of which motor vehicle loans
 100.00 
 0.27 
 0.27 
 — 
 — 
 0.55 
Local governments financing
 — 
 — 
 — 
 — 
 — 
 — 
 — 
 — 
 — 
 — 
 — 
 — 
 — 
 0.08 
Housing financing
 — 
 — 
 — 
 — 
 — 
 — 
 — 
 — 
 — 
 — 
 — 
 — 
 — 
 — 
GAR KPI FLOW- CAPEX
% (compared to flow of total eligible assets)
2024
Pollution (PPC)
Biodiversity and Ecosystems (BIO)
TOTAL (CCM + CCA + WTR + CE + PPC + BIO)
Proportion of total covered assets funding 
taxonomy relevant sectors (Taxonomy-eligible)
Proportion of total covered assets funding 
taxonomy relevant sectors (Taxonomy-eligible)
Proportion of total covered assets funding taxonomy relevant 
sectors (Taxonomy-eligible)
Proportion of 
total new 
assets 
covered
Proportion of total covered assets 
funding taxonomy relevant sectors 
(Taxonomy-aligned)
Proportion of total covered assets 
funding taxonomy relevant sectors 
(Taxonomy-aligned)
Proportion of total covered assets funding 
taxonomy relevant sectors (Taxonomy-aligned)
Of which 
Use of 
Proceeds
Of which 
enabling
Of which 
Use of 
Proceeds
Of which 
enabling
Of which 
Use of 
Proceeds
Of which 
transitional
Of which 
enabling
Consolidated Management Report Consolidated Non-financial Information Statement
321
This English version is a translation of the original in Spanish for information purposes only. In case of a discrepancy, the Spanish original will prevail.

Other local government financing
 — 
 — 
 — 
 — 
 — 
 — 
 — 
 — 
 — 
 — 
 — 
 — 
 — 
 0.08 
Collateral obtained by taking possession: 
residential and commercial immovable 
properties
 — 
 — 
 — 
 — 
 — 
 — 
 — 
 — 
 100.00 
 — 
 — 
 — 
 — 
 — 
Total GAR assets
 0.03 
 — 
 — 
 — 
 0.12 
 — 
 — 
 — 
 14.30 
 0.87 
 0.14 
 0.12 
 0.24 
 23.84 
(1) The present information has been prepared in accordance with Commission Delegated Regulation (EU) 2021/2178, of July 6, 2021, which supplements Regulation (EU) 2020/852 of the European Parliament and of the Council by specifying 
the content and the presentation of information on environmentally sustainable economic activities
(2) Customers' economic activities are classified as eligible or aligned in accordance with the Delegated Acts supplementing Regulation (EU) 2020/852 of the European Parliament and of the Council. Specifically, the economic activities covered 
by Delegated Regulations (EU) 2021/2139 on mitigation and adaptation to climate change have been taken into consideration.
(3) Clients' economic activities are classified as eligible or aligned taking into account the modifications implemented by Commission Delegated Regulation (EU) 2022/1214 of March 9, 2022, which includes economic activities in certain energy 
sectors, and Commission Delegated Regulation (EU) 2023/2485 of 27 June 2023 establishing additional technical criteria.
(4)The information includes the BBVA Group total prudential balance. In terms of breakdown of environmental objectives, the most significant entities are included and correspond to 96% of the total assets. The financial assets analyzed 
correspond to the categories of financial instruments valued “At amortized cost”, “Fair Value with Changes in Other Comprehensive Income (FVOCI)”, “Fair Value with Changes in P&L” and “Non-negotiable at Fair Value with changes in result.
(5) NFRD counterparties are those subject to Directive 2014/95/EU (the Non-Financial Reporting Directive or NFRD), such as large listed companies, banks and insurance companies, with more than 500 employees. BBVA identifies NFRD 
counterparties mainly in two ways: i) review of the registered office in a country of the European Union and ii) more than 500 employees. In the event that the previous criterion is not met and if the client belongs to a business group, the same 
review is carried out at the parent company level.
6) Eligibility information for NFRD counterparties is obtained through an external reference provider in the sector, which obtains EU taxonomy KPI information directly from their corporate reports, EINF or equivalent. In the case of NFRD clients 
for whom the information has not been provided through the previous means, the information from their corporate reports is captured by BBVA or the client's main activity is analyzed to establish their eligibility.
(7) Exposure to individuals includes self-employed workers, in which case the activity code (NACE) is reviewed to determine eligibility. The rest of the exposure corresponding to the individual segment is reviewed for the use of funds to be 
considered eligible, for example, in the case of housing loans. EU Taxonomy activity 7.7 Acquisition and ownership of buildings, EU Taxonomy activity 7.2 Renovation of independently existing buildings, or Cars: EUT 6.5 Transport by motorcycles, 
passenger cars and light commercial vehicles)
(8) While exposures to governments and central banks are excluded from the GAR calculation symmetrically, from the numerator and denominator, financing to small and medium-sized enterprises that do not fall within the scope of the NFRD or 
financing outside EU (even if they meet the taxonomy criteria requirements) cannot qualify as aligned with the taxonomy. Furthermore, activities not covered by the EU taxonomy will be excluded from the numerator, but not from the 
denominator of GAR.
GAR KPI FLOW- CAPEX
% (compared to flow of total eligible assets)
2024
Pollution (PPC)
Biodiversity and Ecosystems (BIO)
TOTAL (CCM + CCA + WTR + CE + PPC + BIO)
Proportion of total covered assets funding 
taxonomy relevant sectors (Taxonomy-eligible)
Proportion of total covered assets funding 
taxonomy relevant sectors (Taxonomy-eligible)
Proportion of total covered assets funding taxonomy relevant 
sectors (Taxonomy-eligible)
Proportion of 
total new 
assets 
covered
Proportion of total covered assets 
funding taxonomy relevant sectors 
(Taxonomy-aligned)
Proportion of total covered assets 
funding taxonomy relevant sectors 
(Taxonomy-aligned)
Proportion of total covered assets funding 
taxonomy relevant sectors (Taxonomy-aligned)
Of which 
Use of 
Proceeds
Of which 
enabling
Of which 
Use of 
Proceeds
Of which 
enabling
Of which 
Use of 
Proceeds
Of which 
transitional
Of which 
enabling
Consolidated Management Report Consolidated Non-financial Information Statement
322
This English version is a translation of the original in Spanish for information purposes only. In case of a discrepancy, the Spanish original will prevail.

GAR - Covered assets in both numerator and 
denominator
Loans and advances, debt securities and equity 
instruments not HfT eligible for GAR calculation
 46.07 
 1.39 
 0.12 
 0.09 
 0.66 
 0.71 
 0.09 
 — 
 0.01 
 — 
 — 
 — 
 — 
 — 
 — 
 — 
 — 
Financial corporations
 12.29 
 — 
 — 
 — 
 — 
 1.70 
 — 
 — 
 — 
 — 
 — 
 — 
 — 
 — 
 — 
 — 
 — 
Credit institutions
 13.57 
 — 
 — 
 — 
 — 
 1.84 
 — 
 — 
 — 
 — 
 — 
 — 
 — 
 — 
 — 
 — 
 — 
Loans and advances
 12.34 
 — 
 — 
 — 
 — 
 1.15 
 — 
 — 
 — 
 — 
 — 
 — 
 — 
 — 
 — 
 — 
 — 
Debt securities, including UoP
 20.75 
 — 
 — 
 — 
 — 
 5.05 
 — 
 — 
 — 
 — 
 — 
 — 
 — 
 — 
 — 
 — 
 — 
Equity instruments
 — 
 — 
 — 
 — 
 — 
 — 
 — 
 — 
 — 
 — 
 — 
 — 
 — 
Other financial corporations
 11.04 
 — 
 — 
 — 
 — 
 1.56 
 — 
 — 
 — 
 — 
 — 
 — 
 — 
 — 
 — 
 — 
 — 
of which investment firms
 24.62 
 — 
 — 
 — 
 — 
 0.03 
 — 
 — 
 — 
 — 
 — 
 — 
 — 
 — 
 — 
 — 
 — 
Loans and advances
 24.62 
 — 
 — 
 — 
 — 
 0.03 
 — 
 — 
 — 
 — 
 — 
 — 
 — 
 — 
 — 
 — 
 — 
Debt securities, including UoP
 — 
 — 
 — 
 — 
 — 
 — 
 — 
 — 
 — 
 — 
 — 
 — 
 — 
 — 
 — 
 — 
 — 
Equity instruments
 — 
 — 
 — 
 — 
 — 
 — 
 — 
 — 
 — 
 — 
 — 
 — 
 — 
of which  management companies
 — 
 — 
 — 
 — 
 — 
 — 
 — 
 — 
 — 
 — 
 — 
 — 
 — 
 — 
 — 
 — 
 — 
Loans and advances
 — 
 — 
 — 
 — 
 — 
 — 
 — 
 — 
 — 
 — 
 — 
 — 
 — 
 — 
 — 
 — 
 — 
Debt securities, including UoP
 — 
 — 
 — 
 — 
 — 
 — 
 — 
 — 
 — 
 — 
 — 
 — 
 — 
 — 
 — 
 — 
 — 
Equity instruments
 — 
 — 
 — 
 — 
 — 
 — 
 — 
 — 
 — 
 — 
 — 
 — 
 — 
of which insurance undertakings
 1.10 
 — 
 — 
 — 
 — 
 — 
 — 
 — 
 — 
 — 
 — 
 — 
 — 
 — 
 — 
 — 
 — 
Loans and advances
 1.10 
 — 
 — 
 — 
 — 
 2.42 
 — 
 — 
 — 
 — 
 — 
 — 
 — 
 — 
 — 
 — 
 — 
Debt securities, including UoP
 — 
 — 
 — 
 — 
 — 
 — 
 — 
 — 
 — 
 — 
 — 
 — 
 — 
 — 
 — 
 — 
 — 
Equity instruments
 — 
 — 
 — 
 — 
 — 
 — 
 — 
 — 
 — 
 — 
 — 
 — 
 — 
Non-financial corporations 
 30.07 
 6.92 
 — 
 0.53 
 3.78 
 2.20 
 0.54 
 — 
 — 
 — 
 — 
 — 
 — 
 — 
 — 
 — 
 — 
Loans and advances
 32.14 
 7.26 
 — 
 0.57 
 3.90 
 2.34 
 0.59 
 — 
 — 
 — 
 — 
 — 
 — 
 — 
 — 
 — 
 — 
Debt securities, including UoP
 10.33 
 5.28 
 — 
 0.44 
 3.02 
 0.24 
 0.20 
 — 
 — 
 — 
 — 
 — 
 — 
 — 
 — 
 — 
 — 
Equity instruments
 7.11 
 1.47 
 — 
 1.36 
 2.18 
 — 
 — 
 — 
 — 
 — 
 — 
 — 
 — 
Households
 61.31 
 0.29 
 0.29 
 — 
 — 
 — 
 — 
 — 
 — 
 — 
 — 
 — 
 — 
of which loans collateralized by 
residential immovable property
 100.00 
 0.61 
 0.61 
 — 
 — 
 — 
 — 
 — 
 — 
 — 
 — 
 — 
 — 
of which building renovation loans
 100.00 
 — 
 — 
 — 
 — 
 — 
 — 
 — 
 — 
 — 
 — 
 — 
 — 
of which motor vehicle loans
 100.00 
 — 
 — 
 — 
 — 
Local governments financing
 — 
 — 
 — 
 — 
 — 
 — 
 — 
 — 
 — 
 — 
 — 
 — 
 — 
 — 
 — 
 — 
 — 
Housing financing
 — 
 — 
 — 
 — 
 — 
 — 
 — 
 — 
 — 
 — 
 — 
 — 
 — 
 — 
 — 
 — 
 — 
GAR KPI FLOW- TURNOVER
% (compared to flow of total eligible assets)
2023
Climate Change Mitigation (CCM)
Climate Change Adaptation (CCA)
Water and marine resources (WTR)
Circular economy (CE)
Proportion of total covered assets funding taxonomy relevant 
sectors (Taxonomy-eligible)
Proportion of total covered assets funding 
taxonomy relevant sectors (Taxonomy-eligible)
Proportion of total covered assets funding 
taxonomy relevant sectors (Taxonomy-eligible)
Proportion of total covered assets funding 
taxonomy relevant sectors (Taxonomy-eligible)
Proportion of total covered assets funding 
taxonomy relevant sectors (Taxonomy-aligned)
Proportion of total covered assets 
funding taxonomy relevant sectors 
(Taxonomy-aligned)
Proportion of total covered assets 
funding taxonomy relevant sectors 
(Taxonomy-aligned)
Proportion of total covered assets 
funding taxonomy relevant sectors 
(Taxonomy-aligned)
Of which 
Use of 
Proceeds
Of which 
transitional
Of which 
enabling
Of which 
Use of 
Proceeds
Of which 
enabling
Of which 
Use of 
Proceeds
Of which 
enabling
Of which 
Use of 
Proceeds
Of which 
enabling
Consolidated Management Report Consolidated Non-financial Information Statement
323
This English version is a translation of the original in Spanish for information purposes only. In case of a discrepancy, the Spanish original will prevail.

Other local government financing
 — 
 — 
 — 
 — 
 — 
 — 
 — 
 — 
 — 
 — 
 — 
 — 
 — 
 — 
 — 
 — 
 — 
Collateral obtained by taking possession: 
residential and commercial immovable 
properties
 100.00 
 — 
 — 
 — 
 — 
 — 
 — 
 — 
 — 
 — 
 — 
 — 
 — 
 — 
 — 
 — 
 — 
Total GAR assets
 21.02 
 0.63 
 0.06 
 0.04 
 0.30 
 0.32 
 0.04 
 — 
 — 
 — 
 — 
 — 
 — 
 — 
 — 
 — 
 — 
(1) The present information has been prepared in accordance with Commission Delegated Regulation (EU) 2021/2178, of July 6, 2021, which supplements Regulation (EU) 2020/852 of the European Parliament and of the Council by specifying the content and the presentation of 
information on environmentally sustainable economic activities
(2) Customers' economic activities are classified as eligible or aligned in accordance with the Delegated Acts supplementing Regulation (EU) 2020/852 of the European Parliament and of the Council. Specifically, the economic activities covered by Delegated Regulations (EU) 
2021/2139 on mitigation and adaptation to climate change have been taken into consideration.
(3) Clients' economic activities are classified as eligible or aligned taking into account the modifications implemented by Commission Delegated Regulation (EU) 2022/1214 of March 9, 2022, which includes economic activities in certain energy sectors, and Commission Delegated 
Regulation (EU) 2023/2485 of 27 June 2023 establishing additional technical criteria.
(4)The information includes the BBVA Group total prudential balance. In terms of breakdown of environmental objectives, the most significant entities are included and correspond to 96% of the total assets. The financial assets analyzed correspond to the categories of financial 
instruments valued “At amortized cost”, “Fair Value with Changes in Other Comprehensive Income (FVOCI)”, “Fair Value with Changes in P&L” and “Non-negotiable at Fair Value with changes in result.
(5) NFRD counterparties are those subject to Directive 2014/95/EU (the Non-Financial Reporting Directive or NFRD), such as large listed companies, banks and insurance companies, with more than 500 employees. BBVA identifies NFRD counterparties mainly in two ways: i) review 
of the registered office in a country of the European Union and ii) more than 500 employees. In the event that the previous criterion is not met and if the client belongs to a business group, the same review is carried out at the parent company level.
6) Eligibility information for NFRD counterparties is obtained through an external reference provider in the sector, which obtains EU taxonomy KPI information directly from their corporate reports, EINF or equivalent. In the case of NFRD clients for whom the information has not been 
provided through the previous means, the information from their corporate reports is captured by BBVA or the client's main activity is analyzed to establish their eligibility.
(7) Exposure to individuals includes self-employed workers, in which case the activity code (NACE) is reviewed to determine eligibility. The rest of the exposure corresponding to the individual segment is reviewed for the use of funds to be considered eligible, for example, in the case 
of housing loans. EU Taxonomy activity 7.7 Acquisition and ownership of buildings, EU Taxonomy activity 7.2 Renovation of independently existing buildings, or Cars: EUT 6.5 Transport by motorcycles, passenger cars and light commercial vehicles)
(8) While exposures to governments and central banks are excluded from the GAR calculation symmetrically, from the numerator and denominator, financing to small and medium-sized enterprises that do not fall within the scope of the NFRD or financing outside EU (even if they 
meet the taxonomy criteria requirements) cannot qualify as aligned with the taxonomy. Furthermore, activities not covered by the EU taxonomy will be excluded from the numerator, but not from the denominator of GAR.
GAR KPI FLOW- TURNOVER
% (compared to flow of total eligible assets)
2023
Climate Change Mitigation (CCM)
Climate Change Adaptation (CCA)
Water and marine resources (WTR)
Circular economy (CE)
Proportion of total covered assets funding taxonomy relevant 
sectors (Taxonomy-eligible)
Proportion of total covered assets funding 
taxonomy relevant sectors (Taxonomy-eligible)
Proportion of total covered assets funding 
taxonomy relevant sectors (Taxonomy-eligible)
Proportion of total covered assets funding 
taxonomy relevant sectors (Taxonomy-eligible)
Proportion of total covered assets funding 
taxonomy relevant sectors (Taxonomy-aligned)
Proportion of total covered assets 
funding taxonomy relevant sectors 
(Taxonomy-aligned)
Proportion of total covered assets 
funding taxonomy relevant sectors 
(Taxonomy-aligned)
Proportion of total covered assets 
funding taxonomy relevant sectors 
(Taxonomy-aligned)
Of which 
Use of 
Proceeds
Of which 
transitional
Of which 
enabling
Of which 
Use of 
Proceeds
Of which 
enabling
Of which 
Use of 
Proceeds
Of which 
enabling
Of which 
Use of 
Proceeds
Of which 
enabling
Consolidated Management Report Consolidated Non-financial Information Statement
324
This English version is a translation of the original in Spanish for information purposes only. In case of a discrepancy, the Spanish original will prevail.

GAR - Covered assets in both numerator and 
denominator
Loans and advances, debt securities and equity 
instruments not HfT eligible for GAR calculation
 — 
 — 
 — 
 — 
 — 
 — 
 — 
 — 
 46.78 
 1.49 
 — 
 0.09 
 0.67 
 7.36 
Financial corporations
 — 
 — 
 — 
 — 
 — 
 — 
 — 
 — 
 13.99 
 — 
 — 
 — 
 — 
 1.40 
Credit institutions
 — 
 — 
 — 
 — 
 — 
 — 
 — 
 — 
 15.41 
 — 
 — 
 — 
 — 
 0.69 
Loans and advances
 — 
 — 
 — 
 — 
 — 
 — 
 — 
 — 
 13.49 
 — 
 — 
 — 
 — 
 0.55 
Debt securities, including UoP
 — 
 — 
 — 
 — 
 — 
 — 
 — 
 — 
 25.79 
 — 
 — 
 — 
 — 
 0.14 
Equity instruments
 — 
 — 
 — 
 — 
 — 
 — 
 — 
 — 
 — 
 — 
 — 
Other financial corporations
 — 
 — 
 — 
 — 
 — 
 — 
 — 
 — 
 12.60 
 — 
 — 
 — 
 — 
 0.71 
of which investment firms
 — 
 — 
 — 
 — 
 — 
 — 
 — 
 — 
 24.65 
 — 
 — 
 — 
 — 
 0.11 
Loans and advances
 — 
 — 
 — 
 — 
 — 
 — 
 — 
 — 
 24.65 
 — 
 — 
 — 
 — 
 0.11 
Debt securities, including UoP
 — 
 — 
 — 
 — 
 — 
 — 
 — 
 — 
 — 
 — 
 — 
 — 
 — 
 — 
Equity instruments
 — 
 — 
 — 
 — 
 — 
 — 
 — 
 — 
 — 
 — 
 — 
of which  management companies
 — 
 — 
 — 
 — 
 — 
 — 
 — 
 — 
 — 
 — 
 — 
 — 
 — 
 0.04 
Loans and advances
 — 
 — 
 — 
 — 
 — 
 — 
 — 
 — 
 — 
 — 
 — 
 — 
 — 
 0.04 
Debt securities, including UoP
 — 
 — 
 — 
 — 
 — 
 — 
 — 
 — 
 — 
 — 
 — 
 — 
 — 
 — 
Equity instruments
 — 
 — 
 — 
 — 
 — 
 — 
 — 
 — 
 — 
 — 
 — 
of which insurance undertakings
 — 
 — 
 — 
 — 
 — 
 — 
 — 
 — 
 3.52 
 — 
 — 
 — 
 — 
 0.07 
Loans and advances
 — 
 — 
 — 
 — 
 — 
 — 
 — 
 — 
 3.52 
 — 
 — 
 — 
 — 
 0.07 
Debt securities, including UoP
 — 
 — 
 — 
 — 
 — 
 — 
 — 
 — 
 — 
 — 
 — 
 — 
 — 
 — 
Equity instruments
 — 
 — 
 — 
 — 
 — 
 — 
 — 
 — 
 — 
 — 
 — 
Non-financial corporations 
 — 
 — 
 — 
 — 
 — 
 — 
 — 
 — 
 32.27 
 7.46 
 — 
 0.53 
 3.82 
 1.29 
Loans and advances
 — 
 — 
 — 
 — 
 — 
 — 
 — 
 — 
 34.48 
 7.85 
 — 
 0.57 
 3.94 
 1.20 
Debt securities, including UoP
 — 
 — 
 — 
 — 
 — 
 — 
 — 
 — 
 10.57 
 5.49 
 — 
 0.44 
 3.15 
 0.06 
Equity instruments
 — 
 — 
 — 
 — 
 — 
 — 
 9.29 
 1.47 
 — 
 1.36 
 0.03 
Households
 61.31 
 0.29 
 — 
 — 
 — 
 4.62 
of which loans collateralized by 
residential immovable property
 100.00 
 0.61 
 — 
 — 
 — 
 1.55 
of which building renovation loans
 100.00 
 — 
 — 
 — 
 — 
 0.17 
of which motor vehicle loans
 100.00 
 — 
 — 
 — 
 — 
 0.43 
Local governments financing
 — 
 — 
 — 
 — 
 — 
 — 
 — 
 — 
 — 
 — 
 — 
 — 
 — 
 0.05 
Housing financing
 — 
 — 
 — 
 — 
 — 
 — 
 — 
 — 
 — 
 — 
 — 
 — 
 — 
 — 
GAR KPI FLOW- TURNOVER
% (compared to flow of total eligible assets)
2023
Pollution (PPC)
Biodiversity and Ecosystems (BIO)
TOTAL (CCM + CCA + WTR + CE + PPC + BIO)
Proportion of total covered assets funding 
taxonomy relevant sectors (Taxonomy-eligible)
Proportion of total covered assets funding 
taxonomy relevant sectors (Taxonomy-eligible)
Proportion of total covered assets funding taxonomy relevant 
sectors (Taxonomy-eligible)
Proportion 
of total new 
assets 
covered
Proportion of total covered assets 
funding taxonomy relevant sectors 
(Taxonomy-aligned)
Proportion of total covered assets 
funding taxonomy relevant sectors 
(Taxonomy-aligned)
Proportion of total covered assets funding 
taxonomy relevant sectors (Taxonomy-aligned)
Of which 
Use of 
Proceeds
Of which 
enabling
Of which 
Use of 
Proceeds
Of which 
enabling
Of which 
Use of 
Proceeds
Of which 
transitional
Of which 
enabling
Consolidated Management Report Consolidated Non-financial Information Statement
325
This English version is a translation of the original in Spanish for information purposes only. In case of a discrepancy, the Spanish original will prevail.

Other local government financing
 — 
 — 
 — 
 — 
 — 
 — 
 — 
 — 
 — 
 — 
 — 
 — 
 — 
 0.05 
Collateral obtained by taking possession: 
residential and commercial immovable 
properties
 — 
 — 
 — 
 — 
 — 
 — 
 — 
 — 
 100.00 
 — 
 — 
 — 
 — 
 — 
Total GAR assets
 — 
 — 
 — 
 — 
 — 
 — 
 — 
 — 
 21.34 
 0.68 
 — 
 0.04 
 0.31 
 16.14 
(1) The present information has been prepared in accordance with Commission Delegated Regulation (EU) 2021/2178, of July 6, 2021, which supplements Regulation (EU) 2020/852 of the European Parliament and of the Council by specifying 
the content and the presentation of information on environmentally sustainable economic activities
(2) Customers' economic activities are classified as eligible or aligned in accordance with the Delegated Acts supplementing Regulation (EU) 2020/852 of the European Parliament and of the Council. Specifically, the economic activities 
covered by Delegated Regulations (EU) 2021/2139 on mitigation and adaptation to climate change have been taken into consideration.
(3) Clients' economic activities are classified as eligible or aligned taking into account the modifications implemented by Commission Delegated Regulation (EU) 2022/1214 of March 9, 2022, which includes economic activities in certain energy 
sectors, and Commission Delegated Regulation (EU) 2023/2485 of 27 June 2023 establishing additional technical criteria.
(4)The information includes the BBVA Group total prudential balance. In terms of breakdown of environmental objectives, the most significant entities are included and correspond to 96% of the total assets. The financial assets analyzed 
correspond to the categories of financial instruments valued “At amortized cost”, “Fair Value with Changes in Other Comprehensive Income (FVOCI)”, “Fair Value with Changes in P&L” and “Non-negotiable at Fair Value with changes in result.
(5) NFRD counterparties are those subject to Directive 2014/95/EU (the Non-Financial Reporting Directive or NFRD), such as large listed companies, banks and insurance companies, with more than 500 employees. BBVA identifies NFRD 
counterparties mainly in two ways: i) review of the registered office in a country of the European Union and ii) more than 500 employees. In the event that the previous criterion is not met and if the client belongs to a business group, the same 
review is carried out at the parent company level.
6) Eligibility information for NFRD counterparties is obtained through an external reference provider in the sector, which obtains EU taxonomy KPI information directly from their corporate reports, EINF or equivalent. In the case of NFRD clients 
for whom the information has not been provided through the previous means, the information from their corporate reports is captured by BBVA or the client's main activity is analyzed to establish their eligibility.
(7) Exposure to individuals includes self-employed workers, in which case the activity code (NACE) is reviewed to determine eligibility. The rest of the exposure corresponding to the individual segment is reviewed for the use of funds to be 
considered eligible, for example, in the case of housing loans. EU Taxonomy activity 7.7 Acquisition and ownership of buildings, EU Taxonomy activity 7.2 Renovation of independently existing buildings, or Cars: EUT 6.5 Transport by 
motorcycles, passenger cars and light commercial vehicles)
(8) While exposures to governments and central banks are excluded from the GAR calculation symmetrically, from the numerator and denominator, financing to small and medium-sized enterprises that do not fall within the scope of the NFRD 
or financing outside EU (even if they meet the taxonomy criteria requirements) cannot qualify as aligned with the taxonomy. Furthermore, activities not covered by the EU taxonomy will be excluded from the numerator, but not from the 
denominator of GAR.
GAR KPI FLOW- TURNOVER
% (compared to flow of total eligible assets)
2023
Pollution (PPC)
Biodiversity and Ecosystems (BIO)
TOTAL (CCM + CCA + WTR + CE + PPC + BIO)
Proportion of total covered assets funding 
taxonomy relevant sectors (Taxonomy-eligible)
Proportion of total covered assets funding 
taxonomy relevant sectors (Taxonomy-eligible)
Proportion of total covered assets funding taxonomy relevant 
sectors (Taxonomy-eligible)
Proportion 
of total new 
assets 
covered
Proportion of total covered assets 
funding taxonomy relevant sectors 
(Taxonomy-aligned)
Proportion of total covered assets 
funding taxonomy relevant sectors 
(Taxonomy-aligned)
Proportion of total covered assets funding 
taxonomy relevant sectors (Taxonomy-aligned)
Of which 
Use of 
Proceeds
Of which 
enabling
Of which 
Use of 
Proceeds
Of which 
enabling
Of which 
Use of 
Proceeds
Of which 
transitional
Of which 
enabling
Consolidated Management Report Consolidated Non-financial Information Statement
326
This English version is a translation of the original in Spanish for information purposes only. In case of a discrepancy, the Spanish original will prevail.

GAR - Covered assets in both numerator and 
denominator
Loans and advances, debt securities and equity 
instruments not HfT eligible for GAR calculation
 46.81 
 2.40 
 0.12 
 0.10 
 1.13 
 0.73 
 0.09 
 — 
 0.01 
 — 
 — 
 — 
 — 
 — 
 — 
 — 
 — 
Financial corporations
 12.73 
 — 
 — 
 — 
 — 
 1.72 
 — 
 — 
 — 
 — 
 — 
 — 
 — 
 — 
 — 
 — 
 — 
Credit institutions
 13.20 
 — 
 — 
 — 
 — 
 1.84 
 — 
 — 
 — 
 — 
 — 
 — 
 — 
 — 
 — 
 — 
 — 
Loans and advances
 12.08 
 — 
 — 
 — 
 — 
 1.16 
 — 
 — 
 — 
 — 
 — 
 — 
 — 
 — 
 — 
 — 
 — 
Debt securities, including UoP
 19.77 
 — 
 — 
 — 
 — 
 5.05 
 — 
 — 
 — 
 — 
 — 
 — 
 — 
 — 
 — 
 — 
 — 
Equity instruments
 — 
 — 
 — 
 — 
 — 
 — 
 — 
 — 
 — 
 — 
 — 
 — 
 — 
Other financial corporations
 12.26 
 — 
 — 
 — 
 — 
 1.60 
 — 
 — 
 — 
 — 
 — 
 — 
 — 
 — 
 — 
 — 
 — 
of which investment firms
 23.95 
 — 
 — 
 — 
 — 
 0.17 
 — 
 — 
 — 
 — 
 — 
 — 
 — 
 — 
 — 
 — 
 — 
Loans and advances
 23.95 
 — 
 — 
 — 
 — 
 0.17 
 — 
 — 
 — 
 — 
 — 
 — 
 — 
 — 
 — 
 — 
 — 
Debt securities, including UoP
 — 
 — 
 — 
 — 
 — 
 — 
 — 
 — 
 — 
 — 
 — 
 — 
 — 
 — 
 — 
 — 
 — 
Equity instruments
 — 
 — 
 — 
 — 
 — 
 — 
 — 
 — 
 — 
 — 
 — 
 — 
 — 
of which  management companies
 — 
 — 
 — 
 — 
 — 
 — 
 — 
 — 
 — 
 — 
 — 
 — 
 — 
 — 
 — 
 — 
 — 
Loans and advances
 — 
 — 
 — 
 — 
 — 
 — 
 — 
 — 
 — 
 — 
 — 
 — 
 — 
 — 
 — 
 — 
 — 
Debt securities, including UoP
 — 
 — 
 — 
 — 
 — 
 — 
 — 
 — 
 — 
 — 
 — 
 — 
 — 
 — 
 — 
 — 
 — 
Equity instruments
 — 
 — 
 — 
 — 
 — 
 — 
 — 
 — 
 — 
 — 
 — 
 — 
 — 
of which insurance undertakings
 0.52 
 — 
 — 
 — 
 — 
 2.42 
 — 
 — 
 — 
 — 
 — 
 — 
 — 
 — 
 — 
 — 
 — 
Loans and advances
 0.52 
 — 
 — 
 — 
 — 
 2.42 
 — 
 — 
 — 
 — 
 — 
 — 
 — 
 — 
 — 
 — 
 — 
Debt securities, including UoP
 — 
 — 
 — 
 — 
 — 
 — 
 — 
 — 
 — 
 — 
 — 
 — 
 — 
 — 
 — 
 — 
 — 
Equity instruments
 — 
 — 
 — 
 — 
 — 
 — 
 — 
 — 
 — 
 — 
 — 
 — 
 — 
Non-financial corporations
 33.79 
 12.69 
 — 
 0.56 
 6.43 
 2.29 
 0.52 
 — 
 0.07 
 — 
 — 
 — 
 — 
 — 
 — 
 — 
 — 
Loans and advances
 35.61 
 12.82 
 — 
 0.57 
 6.75 
 2.48 
 0.57 
 — 
 0.07 
 — 
 — 
 — 
 — 
 — 
 — 
 — 
 — 
Debt securities, including UoP
 24.53 
 18.20 
 — 
 0.83 
 4.62 
 0.31 
 0.26 
 — 
 0.26 
 — 
 — 
 — 
 — 
 — 
 — 
 — 
 — 
Equity instruments
 3.58 
 2.02 
 — 
 1.26 
 1.42 
 — 
 — 
 — 
 — 
 — 
 — 
 — 
 — 
Households
 61.31 
 0.29 
 0.29 
 — 
 — 
 — 
 — 
 — 
 — 
 — 
 — 
 — 
 — 
of which loans collateralized by 
residential immovable property
 100.00 
 0.61 
 0.61 
 — 
 — 
 — 
 — 
 — 
 — 
 — 
 — 
 — 
 — 
of which building renovation loans
 100.00 
 — 
 — 
 — 
 — 
 — 
 — 
 — 
 — 
 — 
 — 
 — 
 — 
of which motor vehicle loans
 100.00 
 — 
 — 
 — 
 — 
Local governments financing
 — 
 — 
 — 
 — 
 — 
 — 
 — 
 — 
 — 
 — 
 — 
 — 
 — 
 — 
 — 
 — 
 — 
Housing financing
 — 
 — 
 — 
 — 
 — 
 — 
 — 
 — 
 — 
 — 
 — 
 — 
 — 
 — 
 — 
 — 
 — 
GAR KPI FLOW- CAPEX
% (compared to flow of total eligible assets)
2023
Climate Change Mitigation (CCM)
Climate Change Adaptation (CCA)
Water and marine resources (WTR)
Circular economy (CE)
Proportion of total covered assets funding taxonomy relevant 
sectors (Taxonomy-eligible)
Proportion of total covered assets funding 
taxonomy relevant sectors (Taxonomy-eligible)
Proportion of total covered assets funding 
taxonomy relevant sectors (Taxonomy-eligible)
Proportion of total covered assets funding 
taxonomy relevant sectors (Taxonomy-eligible)
Proportion of total covered assets funding 
taxonomy relevant sectors (Taxonomy-aligned)
Proportion of total covered assets 
funding taxonomy relevant sectors 
(Taxonomy-aligned)
Proportion of total covered assets 
funding taxonomy relevant sectors 
(Taxonomy-aligned)
Proportion of total covered assets 
funding taxonomy relevant sectors 
(Taxonomy-aligned)
Of which 
Use of 
Proceeds
Of which 
transitional
Of which 
enabling
Of which 
Use of 
Proceeds
Of which 
enabling
Of which 
Use of 
Proceeds
Of which 
enabling
Of which 
Use of 
Proceeds
Of which 
enabling
Consolidated Management Report Consolidated Non-financial Information Statement
327
This English version is a translation of the original in Spanish for information purposes only. In case of a discrepancy, the Spanish original will prevail.

Other local government financing
 — 
 — 
 — 
 — 
 — 
 — 
 — 
 — 
 — 
 — 
 — 
 — 
 — 
 — 
 — 
 — 
 — 
Collateral obtained by taking possession: 
residential and commercial immovable 
properties
 100.00 
 — 
 — 
 — 
 — 
 — 
 — 
 — 
 — 
 — 
 — 
 — 
 — 
 — 
 — 
 — 
 — 
Total GAR assets
 21.35 
 1.10 
 0.06 
 0.04 
 0.51 
 0.33 
 0.04 
 — 
 0.01 
 — 
 — 
 — 
 — 
 — 
 — 
 — 
 — 
(1) The present information has been prepared in accordance with Commission Delegated Regulation (EU) 2021/2178, of July 6, 2021, which supplements Regulation (EU) 2020/852 of the European Parliament and of the Council by specifying the content and the presentation of 
information on environmentally sustainable economic activities
(2) Customers' economic activities are classified as eligible or aligned in accordance with the Delegated Acts supplementing Regulation (EU) 2020/852 of the European Parliament and of the Council. Specifically, the economic activities covered by Delegated Regulations (EU) 
2021/2139 on mitigation and adaptation to climate change have been taken into consideration.
(3) Clients' economic activities are classified as eligible or aligned taking into account the modifications implemented by Commission Delegated Regulation (EU) 2022/1214 of March 9, 2022, which includes economic activities in certain energy sectors, and Commission Delegated 
Regulation (EU) 2023/2485 of 27 June 2023 establishing additional technical criteria.
(4)The information includes the BBVA Group total prudential balance. In terms of breakdown of environmental objectives, the most significant entities are included and correspond to 96% of the total assets. The financial assets analyzed correspond to the categories of financial 
instruments valued “At amortized cost”, “Fair Value with Changes in Other Comprehensive Income (FVOCI)”, “Fair Value with Changes in P&L” and “Non-negotiable at Fair Value with changes in result.
(5) NFRD counterparties are those subject to Directive 2014/95/EU (the Non-Financial Reporting Directive or NFRD), such as large listed companies, banks and insurance companies, with more than 500 employees. BBVA identifies NFRD counterparties mainly in two ways: i) review 
of the registered office in a country of the European Union and ii) more than 500 employees. In the event that the previous criterion is not met and if the client belongs to a business group, the same review is carried out at the parent company level.
6) Eligibility information for NFRD counterparties is obtained through an external reference provider in the sector, which obtains EU taxonomy KPI information directly from their corporate reports, EINF or equivalent. In the case of NFRD clients for whom the information has not been 
provided through the previous means, the information from their corporate reports is captured by BBVA or the client's main activity is analyzed to establish their eligibility.
(7) Exposure to individuals includes self-employed workers, in which case the activity code (NACE) is reviewed to determine eligibility. The rest of the exposure corresponding to the individual segment is reviewed for the use of funds to be considered eligible, for example, in the case 
of housing loans. EU Taxonomy activity 7.7 Acquisition and ownership of buildings, EU Taxonomy activity 7.2 Renovation of independently existing buildings, or Cars: EUT 6.5 Transport by motorcycles, passenger cars and light commercial vehicles)
(8) While exposures to governments and central banks are excluded from the GAR calculation symmetrically, from the numerator and denominator, financing to small and medium-sized enterprises that do not fall within the scope of the NFRD or financing outside EU (even if they 
meet the taxonomy criteria requirements) cannot qualify as aligned with the taxonomy. Furthermore, activities not covered by the EU taxonomy will be excluded from the numerator, but not from the denominator of GAR.
GAR KPI FLOW- CAPEX
% (compared to flow of total eligible assets)
2023
Climate Change Mitigation (CCM)
Climate Change Adaptation (CCA)
Water and marine resources (WTR)
Circular economy (CE)
Proportion of total covered assets funding taxonomy relevant 
sectors (Taxonomy-eligible)
Proportion of total covered assets funding 
taxonomy relevant sectors (Taxonomy-eligible)
Proportion of total covered assets funding 
taxonomy relevant sectors (Taxonomy-eligible)
Proportion of total covered assets funding 
taxonomy relevant sectors (Taxonomy-eligible)
Proportion of total covered assets funding 
taxonomy relevant sectors (Taxonomy-aligned)
Proportion of total covered assets 
funding taxonomy relevant sectors 
(Taxonomy-aligned)
Proportion of total covered assets 
funding taxonomy relevant sectors 
(Taxonomy-aligned)
Proportion of total covered assets 
funding taxonomy relevant sectors 
(Taxonomy-aligned)
Of which 
Use of 
Proceeds
Of which 
transitional
Of which 
enabling
Of which 
Use of 
Proceeds
Of which 
enabling
Of which 
Use of 
Proceeds
Of which 
enabling
Of which 
Use of 
Proceeds
Of which 
enabling
Consolidated Management Report Consolidated Non-financial Information Statement
328
This English version is a translation of the original in Spanish for information purposes only. In case of a discrepancy, the Spanish original will prevail.

GAR - Covered assets in both numerator and 
denominator
Loans and advances, debt securities and equity 
instruments not HfT eligible for GAR calculation
 — 
 — 
 — 
 — 
 — 
 — 
 — 
 — 
 47.53 
 2.49 
 — 
 0.10 
 1.14 
 7.36 
Financial corporations
 — 
 — 
 — 
 — 
 — 
 — 
 — 
 — 
 14.44 
 — 
 — 
 — 
 — 
 1.40 
Credit institutions
 — 
 — 
 — 
 — 
 — 
 — 
 — 
 — 
 15.04 
 — 
 — 
 — 
 — 
 0.69 
Loans and advances
 — 
 — 
 — 
 — 
 — 
 — 
 — 
 — 
 13.24 
 — 
 — 
 — 
 — 
 0.55 
Debt securities, including UoP
 — 
 — 
 — 
 — 
 — 
 — 
 — 
 — 
 24.82 
 — 
 — 
 — 
 — 
 0.14 
Equity instruments
 — 
 — 
 — 
 — 
 — 
 — 
 — 
 — 
 — 
 — 
 — 
Other financial corporations
 — 
 — 
 — 
 — 
 — 
 — 
 — 
 — 
 13.87 
 — 
 — 
 — 
 — 
 0.71 
of which investment firms
 — 
 — 
 — 
 — 
 — 
 — 
 — 
 — 
 24.12 
 — 
 — 
 — 
 — 
 0.11 
Loans and advances
 — 
 — 
 — 
 — 
 — 
 — 
 — 
 — 
 24.12 
 — 
 — 
 — 
 — 
 0.11 
Debt securities, including UoP
 — 
 — 
 — 
 — 
 — 
 — 
 — 
 — 
 — 
 — 
 — 
 — 
 — 
 — 
Equity instruments
 — 
 — 
 — 
 — 
 — 
 — 
 — 
 — 
 — 
 — 
 — 
of which  management companies
 — 
 — 
 — 
 — 
 — 
 — 
 — 
 — 
 — 
 — 
 — 
 — 
 — 
 0.04 
Loans and advances
 — 
 — 
 — 
 — 
 — 
 — 
 — 
 — 
 — 
 — 
 — 
 — 
 — 
 0.04 
Debt securities, including UoP
 — 
 — 
 — 
 — 
 — 
 — 
 — 
 — 
 — 
 — 
 — 
 — 
 — 
 — 
Equity instruments
 — 
 — 
 — 
 — 
 — 
 — 
 — 
 — 
 — 
 — 
 — 
of which insurance undertakings
 — 
 — 
 — 
 — 
 — 
 — 
 — 
 — 
 2.94 
 — 
 — 
 — 
 — 
 0.07 
Loans and advances
 — 
 — 
 — 
 — 
 — 
 — 
 — 
 — 
 2.94 
 — 
 — 
 — 
 — 
 0.07 
Debt securities, including UoP
 — 
 — 
 — 
 — 
 — 
 — 
 — 
 — 
 — 
 — 
 — 
 — 
 — 
 — 
Equity instruments
 — 
 — 
 — 
 — 
 — 
 — 
 — 
 — 
 — 
 — 
 — 
Non-financial corporations
 — 
 — 
 — 
 — 
 — 
 — 
 — 
 — 
 36.08 
 13.21 
 — 
 0.56 
 6.51 
 1.29 
Loans and advances
 — 
 — 
 — 
 — 
 — 
 — 
 — 
 — 
 38.09 
 13.39 
 — 
 0.57 
 6.81 
 1.20 
Debt securities, including UoP
 — 
 — 
 — 
 — 
 — 
 — 
 — 
 — 
 24.84 
 18.46 
 — 
 0.83 
 4.88 
 0.06 
Equity instruments
 — 
 — 
 — 
 — 
 — 
 — 
 5.00 
 2.02 
 — 
 1.26 
 0.03 
Households
 61.31 
 0.29 
 — 
 — 
 — 
 4.62 
of which loans collateralized by residential 
immovable property
 100.00 
 0.61 
 — 
 — 
 — 
 1.55 
of which building renovation loans
 100.00 
 — 
 — 
 — 
 — 
 0.17 
of which motor vehicle loans
 100.00 
 — 
 — 
 — 
 — 
 0.43 
Local governments financing
 — 
 — 
 — 
 — 
 — 
 — 
 — 
 — 
 — 
 — 
 — 
 — 
 — 
 0.05 
Housing financing
 — 
 — 
 — 
 — 
 — 
 — 
 — 
 — 
 — 
 — 
 — 
 — 
 — 
 — 
GAR KPI FLOW- CAPEX
% (compared to flow of total eligible assets)
2023
Pollution (PPC)
Biodiversity and Ecosystems (BIO)
TOTAL (CCM + CCA + WTR + CE + PPC + BIO)
Proportion of total covered assets funding 
taxonomy relevant sectors (Taxonomy-eligible)
Proportion of total covered assets funding 
taxonomy relevant sectors (Taxonomy-eligible)
Proportion of total covered assets funding taxonomy relevant 
sectors (Taxonomy-eligible)
Proportion 
of total 
new assets 
covered
Proportion of total covered assets 
funding taxonomy relevant sectors 
(Taxonomy-aligned)
Proportion of total covered assets 
funding taxonomy relevant sectors 
(Taxonomy-aligned)
Proportion of total covered assets funding 
taxonomy relevant sectors (Taxonomy-aligned)
Of which 
Use of 
Proceeds
Of which 
enabling
Of which 
Use of 
Proceeds
Of which 
enabling
Of which 
Use of 
Proceeds
Of which 
transitional
Of which 
enabling
Consolidated Management Report Consolidated Non-financial Information Statement
329
This English version is a translation of the original in Spanish for information purposes only. In case of a discrepancy, the Spanish original will prevail.

Other local government financing
 — 
 — 
 — 
 — 
 — 
 — 
 — 
 — 
 — 
 — 
 — 
 — 
 — 
 0.05 
Collateral obtained by taking possession: 
residential and commercial immovable 
properties
 — 
 — 
 — 
 — 
 — 
 — 
 — 
 — 
 100.00 
 — 
 — 
 — 
 — 
 — 
Total GAR assets
 — 
 — 
 — 
 — 
 — 
 — 
 — 
 — 
 21.68 
 1.14 
 — 
 0.04 
 0.52 
 16.14 
(1) The present information has been prepared in accordance with Commission Delegated Regulation (EU) 2021/2178, of July 6, 2021, which supplements Regulation (EU) 2020/852 of the European Parliament and of the Council by specifying 
the content and the presentation of information on environmentally sustainable economic activities
(2) Customers' economic activities are classified as eligible or aligned in accordance with the Delegated Acts supplementing Regulation (EU) 2020/852 of the European Parliament and of the Council. Specifically, the economic activities 
covered by Delegated Regulations (EU) 2021/2139 on mitigation and adaptation to climate change have been taken into consideration.
(3) Clients' economic activities are classified as eligible or aligned taking into account the modifications implemented by Commission Delegated Regulation (EU) 2022/1214 of March 9, 2022, which includes economic activities in certain 
energy sectors, and Commission Delegated Regulation (EU) 2023/2485 of 27 June 2023 establishing additional technical criteria.
(4)The information includes the BBVA Group total prudential balance. In terms of breakdown of environmental objectives, the most significant entities are included and correspond to 96% of the total assets. The financial assets analyzed 
correspond to the categories of financial instruments valued “At amortized cost”, “Fair Value with Changes in Other Comprehensive Income (FVOCI)”, “Fair Value with Changes in P&L” and “Non-negotiable at Fair Value with changes in result.
(5) NFRD counterparties are those subject to Directive 2014/95/EU (the Non-Financial Reporting Directive or NFRD), such as large listed companies, banks and insurance companies, with more than 500 employees. BBVA identifies NFRD 
counterparties mainly in two ways: i) review of the registered office in a country of the European Union and ii) more than 500 employees. In the event that the previous criterion is not met and if the client belongs to a business group, the same 
review is carried out at the parent company level.
6) Eligibility information for NFRD counterparties is obtained through an external reference provider in the sector, which obtains EU taxonomy KPI information directly from their corporate reports, EINF or equivalent. In the case of NFRD 
clients for whom the information has not been provided through the previous means, the information from their corporate reports is captured by BBVA or the client's main activity is analyzed to establish their eligibility.
(7) Exposure to individuals includes self-employed workers, in which case the activity code (NACE) is reviewed to determine eligibility. The rest of the exposure corresponding to the individual segment is reviewed for the use of funds to be 
considered eligible, for example, in the case of housing loans. EU Taxonomy activity 7.7 Acquisition and ownership of buildings, EU Taxonomy activity 7.2 Renovation of independently existing buildings, or Cars: EUT 6.5 Transport by 
motorcycles, passenger cars and light commercial vehicles)
(8) While exposures to governments and central banks are excluded from the GAR calculation symmetrically, from the numerator and denominator, financing to small and medium-sized enterprises that do not fall within the scope of the NFRD 
or financing outside EU (even if they meet the taxonomy criteria requirements) cannot qualify as aligned with the taxonomy. Furthermore, activities not covered by the EU taxonomy will be excluded from the numerator, but not from the 
denominator of GAR.
GAR KPI FLOW- CAPEX
% (compared to flow of total eligible assets)
2023
Pollution (PPC)
Biodiversity and Ecosystems (BIO)
TOTAL (CCM + CCA + WTR + CE + PPC + BIO)
Proportion of total covered assets funding 
taxonomy relevant sectors (Taxonomy-eligible)
Proportion of total covered assets funding 
taxonomy relevant sectors (Taxonomy-eligible)
Proportion of total covered assets funding taxonomy relevant 
sectors (Taxonomy-eligible)
Proportion 
of total 
new assets 
covered
Proportion of total covered assets 
funding taxonomy relevant sectors 
(Taxonomy-aligned)
Proportion of total covered assets 
funding taxonomy relevant sectors 
(Taxonomy-aligned)
Proportion of total covered assets funding 
taxonomy relevant sectors (Taxonomy-aligned)
Of which 
Use of 
Proceeds
Of which 
enabling
Of which 
Use of 
Proceeds
Of which 
enabling
Of which 
Use of 
Proceeds
Of which 
transitional
Of which 
enabling
Consolidated Management Report Consolidated Non-financial Information Statement
330
This English version is a translation of the original in Spanish for information purposes only. In case of a discrepancy, the Spanish original will prevail.

KPI OFF-BALANCE SHEET EXPOSURES STOCK - TURNOVER
% (compared to total eligible off-balance sheet 
assets)
2024
Climate Change Mitigation (CCM)
Climate Change Adaptation (CCA)
Water and marine resources (WTR)
Circular economy (CE)
Proportion of total covered assets funding taxonomy relevant 
sectors (Taxonomy-eligible)
Proportion of total covered assets funding taxonomy 
relevant sectors (Taxonomy-eligible)
Proportion of total covered assets funding taxonomy 
relevant sectors (Taxonomy-eligible)
Proportion of total covered assets funding taxonomy 
relevant sectors (Taxonomy-eligible)
Proportion of total covered assets funding taxonomy 
relevant sectors (Taxonomy-aligned)
Proportion of total covered assets 
funding taxonomy relevant sectors 
(Taxonomy-aligned)
Proportion of total covered assets 
funding taxonomy relevant sectors 
(Taxonomy-aligned)
Proportion of total covered assets 
funding taxonomy relevant sectors 
(Taxonomy-aligned)
Of which 
Use of 
Proceeds
Of which 
transitional
Of which 
enabling
Of which 
Use of 
Proceeds
Of which 
enabling
Of which 
Use of 
Proceeds
Of which 
enabling
Of which 
Use of 
Proceeds
Of which 
enabling
Financial guarantees (FinGuar KPI)
 4.98 
 1.76 
 — 
 0.06 
 1.19 
 0.02 
 — 
 — 
 — 
 0.15 
 — 
 — 
 — 
 0.34 
 — 
 — 
 — 
Assets under management (AuM KPI)
 1.14 
 0.34 
 0.05 
 0.02 
 0.17 
 0.02 
 — 
 — 
 — 
 — 
 — 
 — 
 — 
 0.12 
 — 
 — 
 — 
1. Off-balance sheet exposures (financial guarantees and AuM) calculated based on the data disclosed in template 1, on covered assets, and by applying the formulas proposed in this template
KPI OFF-BALANCE SHEET EXPOSURES STOCK - TURNOVER
% (compared to total eligible off-balance sheet 
assets)
2024
Pollution (PPC)
Biodiversity and Ecosystems (BIO)
TOTAL (CCM + CCA + WTR + CE + PPC + BIO)
Proportion of total covered assets funding taxonomy 
relevant sectors (Taxonomy-eligible)
Proportion of total covered assets funding taxonomy 
relevant sectors (Taxonomy-eligible)
Proportion of total covered assets funding taxonomy relevant 
sectors (Taxonomy-eligible)
Proportion of total covered assets 
funding taxonomy relevant sectors 
(Taxonomy-aligned)
Proportion of total covered assets 
funding taxonomy relevant sectors 
(Taxonomy-aligned)
Proportion of total covered assets funding taxonomy 
relevant sectors (Taxonomy-aligned)
Of which 
Use of 
Proceeds
Of which 
enabling
Of which 
Use of 
Proceeds
Of which 
enabling
Of which 
Use of 
Proceeds
Of which 
transitional
Of which 
enabling
Financial guarantees (FinGuar KPI)
 0.02 
 — 
 — 
 — 
 — 
 — 
 — 
 — 
 5.50 
 1.76 
 — 
 0.06 
 1.20 
Assets under management (AuM KPI)
 0.13 
 — 
 — 
 — 
 — 
 — 
 — 
 — 
 1.41 
 0.34 
 0.05 
 0.02 
 0.17 
1. Off-balance sheet exposures (financial guarantees and AuM) calculated based on the data disclosed in template 1, on covered assets, and by applying the formulas proposed in this template
Consolidated Management Report Consolidated Non-financial Information Statement
331
This English version is a translation of the original in Spanish for information purposes only. In case of a discrepancy, the Spanish original will prevail.

KPI OFF-BALANCE SHEET EXPOSURES STOCK - CAPEX
% (compared to total eligible off-balance sheet 
assets)
2024
Climate Change Mitigation (CCM)
Climate Change Adaptation (CCA)
Water and marine resources (WTR)
Circular economy (CE)
Proportion of total covered assets funding taxonomy relevant 
sectors (Taxonomy-eligible)
Proportion of total covered assets funding taxonomy 
relevant sectors (Taxonomy-eligible)
Proportion of total covered assets funding taxonomy 
relevant sectors (Taxonomy-eligible)
Proportion of total covered assets funding taxonomy 
relevant sectors (Taxonomy-eligible)
Proportion of total covered assets funding taxonomy 
relevant sectors (Taxonomy-aligned)
Proportion of total covered assets 
funding taxonomy relevant sectors 
(Taxonomy-aligned)
Proportion of total covered assets 
funding taxonomy relevant sectors 
(Taxonomy-aligned)
Proportion of total covered assets 
funding taxonomy relevant sectors 
(Taxonomy-aligned)
Of which 
Use of 
Proceeds
Of which 
transitional
Of which 
enabling
Of which 
Use of 
Proceeds
Of which 
enabling
Of which 
Use of 
Proceeds
Of which 
enabling
Of which 
Use of 
Proceeds
Of which 
enabling
Financial guarantees (FinGuar KPI)
 6.72 
 3.78 
 — 
 0.05 
 1.82 
 0.06 
 0.03 
 — 
 — 
 0.38 
 — 
 — 
 — 
 0.33 
 — 
 — 
 — 
Assets under management (AuM KPI)
 1.42 
 0.63 
 0.05 
 0.03 
 0.32 
 0.03 
 — 
 — 
 — 
 — 
 — 
 — 
 — 
 0.12 
 — 
 — 
 — 
1. Off-balance sheet exposures (financial guarantees and AuM) calculated based on the data disclosed in template 1, on covered assets, and by applying the formulas proposed in this template
KPI OFF-BALANCE SHEET EXPOSURES STOCK - CAPEX
% (compared to total eligible off-balance sheet 
assets)
2024
Pollution (PPC)
Biodiversity and Ecosystems (BIO)
TOTAL (CCM + CCA + WTR + CE + PPC + BIO)
Proportion of total covered assets funding taxonomy 
relevant sectors (Taxonomy-eligible)
Proportion of total covered assets funding taxonomy 
relevant sectors (Taxonomy-eligible)
Proportion of total covered assets funding taxonomy relevant 
sectors (Taxonomy-eligible)
Proportion of total covered assets 
funding taxonomy relevant sectors 
(Taxonomy-aligned)
Proportion of total covered assets 
funding taxonomy relevant sectors 
(Taxonomy-aligned)
Proportion of total covered assets funding taxonomy 
relevant sectors (Taxonomy-aligned)
Of which 
Use of 
Proceeds
Of which 
enabling
Of which 
Use of 
Proceeds
Of which 
enabling
Of which 
Use of 
Proceeds
Of which 
transitional
Of which 
enabling
Financial guarantees (FinGuar KPI)
 0.04 
 — 
 — 
 — 
 — 
 — 
 — 
 — 
 7.52 
 3.81 
 — 
 0.05 
 1.82 
Assets under management (AuM KPI)
 0.12 
 — 
 — 
 — 
 — 
 — 
 — 
 — 
 1.68 
 0.63 
 0.05 
 0.03 
 0.32 
1. Off-balance sheet exposures (financial guarantees and AuM) calculated based on the data disclosed in template 1, on covered assets, and by applying the formulas proposed in this template
Consolidated Management Report Consolidated Non-financial Information Statement
332
This English version is a translation of the original in Spanish for information purposes only. In case of a discrepancy, the Spanish original will prevail.

KPI OFF-BALANCE SHEET EXPOSURES STOCK - TURNOVER
% (compared to total eligible off-balance sheet 
assets)
2023
Climate Change Mitigation (CCM)
Climate Change Adaptation (CCA)
Water and marine resources (WTR)
Circular economy (CE)
Proportion of total covered assets funding taxonomy relevant 
sectors (Taxonomy-eligible)
Proportion of total covered assets funding taxonomy 
relevant sectors (Taxonomy-eligible)
Proportion of total covered assets funding taxonomy 
relevant sectors (Taxonomy-eligible)
Proportion of total covered assets funding taxonomy 
relevant sectors (Taxonomy-eligible)
Proportion of total covered assets funding taxonomy 
relevant sectors (Taxonomy-aligned)
Proportion of total covered assets 
funding taxonomy relevant sectors 
(Taxonomy-aligned)
Proportion of total covered assets 
funding taxonomy relevant sectors 
(Taxonomy-aligned)
Proportion of total covered assets 
funding taxonomy relevant sectors 
(Taxonomy-aligned)
Of which 
Use of 
Proceeds
Of which 
transitional
Of which 
enabling
Of which 
Use of 
Proceeds
Of which 
enabling
Of which 
Use of 
Proceeds
Of which 
enabling
Of which 
Use of 
Proceeds
Of which 
enabling
Financial guarantees (FinGuar KPI)
 5.18 
 2.01 
 — 
 0.09 
 1.01 
 0.59 
 0.01 
 — 
 — 
 — 
 — 
 — 
 — 
 — 
 — 
 — 
 — 
Assets under management (AuM KPI)
 0.55 
 0.15 
 — 
 0.01 
 0.09 
 0.02 
 0.01 
 — 
 — 
 — 
 — 
 — 
 — 
 — 
 — 
 — 
 — 
1. Off-balance sheet exposures (financial guarantees and AuM) calculated based on the data disclosed in template 1, on covered assets, and by applying the formulas proposed in this template
KPI OFF-BALANCE SHEET EXPOSURES STOCK - TURNOVER
% (compared to total eligible off-balance sheet 
assets)
2023
Pollution (PPC)
Biodiversity and Ecosystems (BIO)
TOTAL (CCM + CCA + WTR + CE + PPC + BIO)
Proportion of total covered assets funding taxonomy 
relevant sectors (Taxonomy-eligible)
Proportion of total covered assets funding taxonomy 
relevant sectors (Taxonomy-eligible)
Proportion of total covered assets funding taxonomy relevant 
sectors (Taxonomy-eligible)
Proportion of total covered assets 
funding taxonomy relevant sectors 
(Taxonomy-aligned)
Proportion of total covered assets 
funding taxonomy relevant sectors 
(Taxonomy-aligned)
Proportion of total covered assets funding taxonomy 
relevant sectors (Taxonomy-aligned)
Of which 
Use of 
Proceeds
Of which 
enabling
Of which 
Use of 
Proceeds
Of which 
enabling
Of which 
Use of 
Proceeds
Of which 
transitional
Of which 
enabling
Financial guarantees (FinGuar KPI)
 — 
 — 
 — 
 — 
 — 
 — 
 — 
 — 
 5.77 
 2.02 
 — 
 0.09 
 1.01 
Assets under management (AuM KPI)
 — 
 — 
 — 
 — 
 — 
 — 
 — 
 — 
 0.57 
 0.16 
 — 
 0.01 
 0.09 
1. Off-balance sheet exposures (financial guarantees and AuM) calculated based on the data disclosed in template 1, on covered assets, and by applying the formulas proposed in this template
Consolidated Management Report Consolidated Non-financial Information Statement
333
This English version is a translation of the original in Spanish for information purposes only. In case of a discrepancy, the Spanish original will prevail.

KPI OFF-BALANCE SHEET EXPOSURES STOCK - CAPEX
% (compared to total eligible off-balance sheet 
assets)
2023
Climate Change Mitigation (CCM)
Climate Change Adaptation (CCA)
Water and marine resources (WTR)
Circular economy (CE)
Proportion of total covered assets funding taxonomy relevant 
sectors (Taxonomy-eligible)
Proportion of total covered assets funding taxonomy 
relevant sectors (Taxonomy-eligible)
Proportion of total covered assets funding taxonomy 
relevant sectors (Taxonomy-eligible)
Proportion of total covered assets funding taxonomy 
relevant sectors (Taxonomy-eligible)
Proportion of total covered assets funding taxonomy 
relevant sectors (Taxonomy-aligned)
Proportion of total covered assets 
funding taxonomy relevant sectors 
(Taxonomy-aligned)
Proportion of total covered assets 
funding taxonomy relevant sectors 
(Taxonomy-aligned)
Proportion of total covered assets 
funding taxonomy relevant sectors 
(Taxonomy-aligned)
Of which 
Use of 
Proceeds
Of which 
transitional
Of which 
enabling
Of which 
Use of 
Proceeds
Of which 
enabling
Of which 
Use of 
Proceeds
Of which 
enabling
Of which 
Use of 
Proceeds
Of which 
enabling
Financial guarantees (FinGuar KPI)
 8.28 
 5.50 
 — 
 0.17 
 1.46 
 0.62 
 0.01 
 — 
 — 
 — 
 — 
 — 
 — 
 — 
 — 
 — 
 — 
Assets under management (AuM KPI)
 0.80 
 0.33 
 — 
 0.02 
 0.16 
 0.03 
 0.01 
 — 
 0.01 
 — 
 — 
 — 
 — 
 — 
 — 
 — 
 — 
1. Off-balance sheet exposures (financial guarantees and AuM) calculated based on the data disclosed in template 1, on covered assets, and by applying the formulas proposed in this template
KPI OFF-BALANCE SHEET EXPOSURES STOCK - CAPEX
% (compared to total eligible off-balance sheet 
assets)
2023
Pollution (PPC)
Biodiversity and Ecosystems (BIO)
TOTAL (CCM + CCA + WTR + CE + PPC + BIO)
Proportion of total covered assets funding taxonomy 
relevant sectors (Taxonomy-eligible)
Proportion of total covered assets funding taxonomy 
relevant sectors (Taxonomy-eligible)
Proportion of total covered assets funding taxonomy relevant 
sectors (Taxonomy-eligible)
Proportion of total covered assets 
funding taxonomy relevant sectors 
(Taxonomy-aligned)
Proportion of total covered assets 
funding taxonomy relevant sectors 
(Taxonomy-aligned)
Proportion of total covered assets funding taxonomy 
relevant sectors (Taxonomy-aligned)
Of which 
Use of 
Proceeds
Of which 
enabling
Of which 
Use of 
Proceeds
Of which 
enabling
Of which 
Use of 
Proceeds
Of which 
transitional
Of which 
enabling
Financial guarantees (FinGuar KPI)
 — 
 — 
 — 
 — 
 — 
 — 
 — 
 — 
 8.90 
 5.51 
 — 
 0.17 
 1.47 
Assets under management (AuM KPI)
 — 
 — 
 — 
 — 
 — 
 — 
 — 
 — 
 0.83 
 0.34 
 — 
 0.02 
 0.17 
1. Off-balance sheet exposures (financial guarantees and AuM) calculated based on the data disclosed in template 1, on covered assets, and by applying the formulas proposed in this template
Consolidated Management Report Consolidated Non-financial Information Statement
334
This English version is a translation of the original in Spanish for information purposes only. In case of a discrepancy, the Spanish original will prevail.

KPI OFF-BALANCE SHEET EXPOSURES FLOW - TURNOVER
% (compared to total eligible off-balance sheet 
assets)
2024
Climate Change Mitigation (CCM)
Climate Change Adaptation (CCA)
Water and marine resources (WTR)
Circular economy (CE)
Proportion of total covered assets funding taxonomy relevant 
sectors (Taxonomy-eligible)
Proportion of total covered assets funding taxonomy 
relevant sectors (Taxonomy-eligible)
Proportion of total covered assets funding taxonomy 
relevant sectors (Taxonomy-eligible)
Proportion of total covered assets funding taxonomy 
relevant sectors (Taxonomy-eligible)
Proportion of total covered assets funding taxonomy 
relevant sectors (Taxonomy-aligned)
Proportion of total covered assets 
funding taxonomy relevant sectors 
(Taxonomy-aligned)
Proportion of total covered assets 
funding taxonomy relevant sectors 
(Taxonomy-aligned)
Proportion of total covered assets 
funding taxonomy relevant sectors 
(Taxonomy-aligned)
Of which 
Use of 
Proceeds
Of which 
transitional
Of which 
enabling
Of which 
Use of 
Proceeds
Of which 
enabling
Of which 
Use of 
Proceeds
Of which 
enabling
Of which 
Use of 
Proceeds
Of which 
enabling
Financial guarantees (FinGuar KPI)
 7.84 
 2.23 
 — 
 0.02 
 1.45 
 0.04 
 0.01 
 — 
 0.01 
 — 
 — 
 — 
 — 
 0.89 
 — 
 — 
 — 
Assets under management (AuM KPI)
 3.56 
 1.15 
 0.30 
 0.07 
 0.52 
 — 
 — 
 — 
 — 
 — 
 — 
 — 
 — 
 0.74 
 — 
 — 
 — 
1. Off-balance sheet exposures (financial guarantees and AuM) calculated based on the data disclosed in template 1, on covered assets, and by applying the formulas proposed in this template
KPI OFF-BALANCE SHEET EXPOSURES FLOW - TURNOVER
% (compared to total eligible off-balance sheet 
assets)
2024
Pollution (PPC)
Biodiversity and Ecosystems (BIO)
TOTAL (CCM + CCA + WTR + CE + PPC + BIO)
Proportion of total covered assets funding taxonomy 
relevant sectors (Taxonomy-eligible)
Proportion of total covered assets funding taxonomy 
relevant sectors (Taxonomy-eligible)
Proportion of total covered assets funding taxonomy relevant 
sectors (Taxonomy-eligible)
Proportion of total covered assets 
funding taxonomy relevant sectors 
(Taxonomy-aligned)
Proportion of total covered assets 
funding taxonomy relevant sectors 
(Taxonomy-aligned)
Proportion of total covered assets funding taxonomy 
relevant sectors (Taxonomy-aligned)
Of which 
Use of 
Proceeds
Of which 
enabling
Of which 
Use of 
Proceeds
Of which 
enabling
Of which 
Use of 
Proceeds
Of which 
transitional
Of which 
enabling
Financial guarantees (FinGuar KPI)
 0.03 
 — 
 — 
 — 
 — 
 — 
 — 
 — 
 8.81 
 2.24 
 — 
 0.02 
 1.46 
Assets under management (AuM KPI)
 0.76 
 — 
 — 
 — 
 — 
 — 
 — 
 — 
 5.07 
 1.15 
 0.30 
 0.07 
 0.52 
1. Off-balance sheet exposures (financial guarantees and AuM) calculated based on the data disclosed in template 1, on covered assets, and by applying the formulas proposed in this template
Consolidated Management Report Consolidated Non-financial Information Statement
335
This English version is a translation of the original in Spanish for information purposes only. In case of a discrepancy, the Spanish original will prevail.

KPI OFF-BALANCE SHEET EXPOSURES  FLOW- CAPEX
% (compared to total eligible off-balance sheet 
assets)
2024
Climate Change Mitigation (CCM)
Climate Change Adaptation (CCA)
Water and marine resources (WTR)
Circular economy (CE)
Proportion of total covered assets funding taxonomy relevant 
sectors (Taxonomy-eligible)
Proportion of total covered assets funding taxonomy 
relevant sectors (Taxonomy-eligible)
Proportion of total covered assets funding taxonomy 
relevant sectors (Taxonomy-eligible)
Proportion of total covered assets funding taxonomy 
relevant sectors (Taxonomy-eligible)
Proportion of total covered assets funding taxonomy 
relevant sectors (Taxonomy-aligned)
Proportion of total covered assets 
funding taxonomy relevant sectors 
(Taxonomy-aligned)
Proportion of total covered assets 
funding taxonomy relevant sectors 
(Taxonomy-aligned)
Proportion of total covered assets 
funding taxonomy relevant sectors 
(Taxonomy-aligned)
Of which 
Use of 
Proceeds
Of which 
transitional
Of which 
enabling
Of which 
Use of 
Proceeds
Of which 
enabling
Of which 
Use of 
Proceeds
Of which 
enabling
Of which 
Use of 
Proceeds
Of which 
enabling
Financial guarantees (FinGuar KPI)
 10.40 
 5.37 
 — 
 0.02 
 2.28 
 0.20 
 0.11 
 — 
 — 
 — 
 — 
 — 
 — 
 0.87 
 — 
 — 
 — 
Assets under management (AuM KPI)
 3.73 
 1.81 
 0.30 
 0.05 
 0.98 
 — 
 — 
 — 
 — 
 — 
 — 
 — 
 — 
 0.70 
 — 
 — 
 — 
1. Off-balance sheet exposures (financial guarantees and AuM) calculated based on the data disclosed in template 1, on covered assets, and by applying the formulas proposed in this template
KPI OFF-BALANCE SHEET EXPOSURES  FLOW - CAPEX
% (compared to total eligible off-balance sheet 
assets)
2024
Pollution (PPC)
Biodiversity and Ecosystems (BIO)
TOTAL (CCM + CCA + WTR + CE + PPC + BIO)
Proportion of total covered assets funding taxonomy 
relevant sectors (Taxonomy-eligible)
Proportion of total covered assets funding taxonomy 
relevant sectors (Taxonomy-eligible)
Proportion of total covered assets funding taxonomy relevant 
sectors (Taxonomy-eligible)
Proportion of total covered assets 
funding taxonomy relevant sectors 
(Taxonomy-aligned)
Proportion of total covered assets 
funding taxonomy relevant sectors 
(Taxonomy-aligned)
Proportion of total covered assets funding taxonomy 
relevant sectors (Taxonomy-aligned)
Of which 
Use of 
Proceeds
Of which 
enabling
Of which 
Use of 
Proceeds
Of which 
enabling
Of which 
Use of 
Proceeds
Of which 
transitional
Of which 
enabling
Financial guarantees (FinGuar KPI)
 0.02 
 — 
 — 
 — 
 — 
 — 
 — 
 — 
 11.49 
 5.48 
 — 
 0.02 
 2.28 
Assets under management (AuM KPI)
 0.70 
 — 
 — 
 — 
 — 
 — 
 — 
 — 
 5.14 
 1.81 
 0.30 
 0.05 
 0.98 
1. Off-balance sheet exposures (financial guarantees and AuM) calculated based on the data disclosed in template 1, on covered assets, and by applying the formulas proposed in this template
Consolidated Management Report Consolidated Non-financial Information Statement
336
This English version is a translation of the original in Spanish for information purposes only. In case of a discrepancy, the Spanish original will prevail.

Nuclear and fossil gas related activities - Credit institutions
NUCLEAR AND FOSSIL GAS RELATED ACTIVITIES
Nuclear energy related activities
The undertaking carries out, funds or has exposures to research, development, demonstration and deployment of innovative electricity generation facilities that produce energy from nuclear processes with 
minimal waste from the fuel cycle.
NO
The undertaking carries out, funds or has exposures to construction and safe operation of new nuclear installations to produce electricity or process heat, including for the purposes of district heating or industrial 
processes such as hydrogen production, as well as their safety upgrades, using best available technologies.
YES
The undertaking carries out, funds or has exposures to safe operation of existing nuclear installations that produce electricity or process heat, including for the purposes of district heating or industrial processes 
such as hydrogen production from nuclear energy, as well as their safety upgrades.
YES
Fossil gas related activities
The undertaking carries out, funds or has exposures to construction or operation of electricity generation facilities that produce electricity using fossil gaseous fuels.
YES
The undertaking carries out, funds or has exposures to construction, refurbishment, and operation of combined heat/cool and power generation facilities using fossil gaseous fuels.
YES
The undertaking carries out, funds or has exposures to construction, refurbishment and operation of heat generation facilities that produce heat/cool using fossil gaseous fuels.
YES
Consolidated Management Report Consolidated Non-financial Information Statement
337
This English version is a translation of the original in Spanish for information purposes only. In case of a discrepancy, the Spanish original will prevail.

TAXONOMY-ALIGNED ECONOMIC ACTIVITIES (DENOMINATOR) - TURNOVER
Amount and proportion (the information is to be presented in monetary amounts and as percentages)
Economic Activities
CCM+CCA
Climate Change mitigation (CCM)
Climate change Adaption (CCA)
Amount
%
Amount
%
Amount
%
Amount and proportion of taxonomy- aligned economic activity referred to in Section 4.26 of Annexes I and II to Delegated 
Regulation 2021/2139 in the denominator of the applicable KPI
0
 — 
0
 — 
0
 — 
Amount and proportion of taxonomy- aligned economic activity referred to in Section 4.27 of Annexes I and II to Delegated 
Regulation 2021/2139 in the denominator of the applicable KPI
0
 — 
0
 — 
0
 — 
Amount and proportion of taxonomy- aligned economic activity referred to in Section 4.28 of Annexes I and II to Delegated 
Regulation 2021/2139 in the denominator of the applicable KPI
28
 0.01 
28
 0.01 
0
 — 
Amount and proportion of taxonomy- aligned economic activity referred to in Section 4.29 of Annexes I and II to Delegated 
Regulation 2021/2139 in the denominator of the applicable KPI
0
 — 
0
 — 
0
 — 
Amount and proportion of taxonomy- aligned economic activity referred to in Section 4.30 of Annexes I and II to Delegated 
Regulation 2021/2139 in the denominator of the applicable KPI
0
 — 
0
 — 
0
 — 
Amount and proportion of taxonomy- aligned economic activity referred to in Section 4.31 of Annexes I and II to Delegated 
Regulation 2021/2139 in the denominator of the applicable KPI
0
 — 
0
 — 
0
 — 
Amount and proportion of other taxonomy-aligned economic activities not referred to in rows 1 to 6 above in the 
denominator of the applicable KPI
2,747
 0.56 
2,745
 0.56 
2
 — 
Total applicable KPI
486,378
 0.57 
486,378
 0.57 
486,378
 — 
TAXONOMY-ALIGNED ECONOMIC ACTIVITIES (DENOMINATOR) - CAPEX
Amount and proportion (the information is to be presented in monetary amounts and as percentages)
Economic Activities
CCM+CCA
Climate Change mitigation (CCM)
Climate change Adaption (CCA)
Amount
%
Amount
%
Amount
%
Amount and proportion of taxonomy- aligned economic activity referred to in Section 4.26 of Annexes I and II to Delegated 
Regulation 2021/2139 in the denominator of the applicable KPI
0
 — 
0
 — 
0
 — 
Amount and proportion of taxonomy- aligned economic activity referred to in Section 4.27 of Annexes I and II to Delegated 
Regulation 2021/2139 in the denominator of the applicable KPI
3
 — 
3
 — 
0
 — 
Amount and proportion of taxonomy- aligned economic activity referred to in Section 4.28 of Annexes I and II to Delegated 
Regulation 2021/2139 in the denominator of the applicable KPI
18
 — 
18
 — 
0
 — 
Amount and proportion of taxonomy- aligned economic activity referred to in Section 4.29 of Annexes I and II to Delegated 
Regulation 2021/2139 in the denominator of the applicable KPI
0
 — 
0
 — 
0
 — 
Amount and proportion of taxonomy- aligned economic activity referred to in Section 4.30 of Annexes I and II to Delegated 
Regulation 2021/2139 in the denominator of the applicable KPI
0
 — 
0
 — 
0
 — 
Amount and proportion of taxonomy- aligned economic activity referred to in Section 4.31 of Annexes I and II to Delegated 
Regulation 2021/2139 in the denominator of the applicable KPI
0
 — 
0
 — 
0
 — 
Amount and proportion of other taxonomy-aligned economic activities not referred to in rows 1 to 6 above in the 
denominator of the applicable KPI
4,066
 0.84 
4,062
 0.84 
4
 — 
Total applicable KPI
486,378
 0.84 
486,378
 0.84 
486,378
 — 
Consolidated Management Report Consolidated Non-financial Information Statement
338
This English version is a translation of the original in Spanish for information purposes only. In case of a discrepancy, the Spanish original will prevail.

 TAXONOMY-ALIGNED ECONOMIC ACTIVITIES (NUMERATOR) - TURNOVER
Amount and proportion (the information is to be presented in monetary amounts and as percentages)
Economic Activities
CCM+CCA
Climate Change mitigation (CCM)
Climate change Adaption (CCA)
Amount
%
Amount
%
Amount
%
Amount and proportion of taxonomy- aligned economic activity referred to in Section 4.26 of Annexes I and II to Delegated 
Regulation 2021/2139 in the numerator of the applicable KPI
—
 — 
—
 — 
—
 — 
Amount and proportion of taxonomy- aligned economic activity referred to in Section 4.27 of Annexes I and II to Delegated 
Regulation 2021/2139 in the numerator of the applicable KPI
—
 — 
—
 — 
—
 — 
Amount and proportion of taxonomy- aligned economic activity referred to in Section 4.28 of Annexes I and II to Delegated 
Regulation 2021/2139 in the numerator of the applicable KPI
28
 1.01 
28
 1.01 
—
 — 
Amount and proportion of taxonomy- aligned economic activity referred to in Section 4.29 of Annexes I and II to Delegated 
Regulation 2021/2139 in the numerator of the applicable KPI
—
 — 
—
 — 
—
 — 
Amount and proportion of taxonomy- aligned economic activity referred to in Section 4.30 of Annexes I and II to Delegated 
Regulation 2021/2139 in the numerator of the applicable KPI
—
 — 
—
 — 
—
 — 
Amount and proportion of taxonomy- aligned economic activity referred to in Section 4.31 of Annexes I and II to Delegated 
Regulation 2021/2139 in the numerator of the applicable KPI
—
 — 
—
 — 
—
 — 
Amount and proportion of other taxonomy-aligned economic activities not referred to in rows 1 to 6 above in the 
numerator of the applicable KPI
2,747
 98.98 
2,745
 98.91 
2
 0.06 
Total amount and proportion of taxonomy-aligned economic activities in the numerator of the applicable KPI
2,777
 100.00 
2,773
 99.94 
2
 0.06 
TAXONOMY-ALIGNED ECONOMIC ACTIVITIES (NUMERATOR) - CAPEX
Amount and proportion (the information is to be presented in monetary amounts and as percentages)
Economic Activities
CCM+CCA
Climate Change mitigation (CCM)
Climate change Adaption (CCA)
Amount
%
Amount
%
Amount
%
Amount and proportion of taxonomy- aligned economic activity referred to in Section 4.26 of Annexes I and II to Delegated 
Regulation 2021/2139 in the numerator of the applicable KPI
0
 — 
0
 — 
0
 — 
Amount and proportion of taxonomy- aligned economic activity referred to in Section 4.27 of Annexes I and II to Delegated 
Regulation 2021/2139 in the numerator of the applicable KPI
3
 0.08 
3
 0.08 
0
 — 
Amount and proportion of taxonomy- aligned economic activity referred to in Section 4.28 of Annexes I and II to Delegated 
Regulation 2021/2139 in the numerator of the applicable KPI
18
 0.45 
18
 0.45 
0
 — 
Amount and proportion of taxonomy- aligned economic activity referred to in Section 4.29 of Annexes I and II to Delegated 
Regulation 2021/2139 in the numerator of the applicable KPI
0
 — 
0
 — 
0
 — 
Amount and proportion of taxonomy- aligned economic activity referred to in Section 4.30 of Annexes I and II to Delegated 
Regulation 2021/2139 in the numerator of the applicable KPI
0
 0.01 
0
 0.01 
0
 — 
Amount and proportion of taxonomy- aligned economic activity referred to in Section 4.31 of Annexes I and II to Delegated 
Regulation 2021/2139 in the numerator of the applicable KPI
0
 — 
0
 — 
0
 — 
Amount and proportion of other taxonomy-aligned economic activities not referred to in rows 1 to 6 above in the 
numerator of the applicable KPI
4,066
 99.46 
4,062
 99.36 
4
 0.10 
Total amount and proportion of taxonomy-aligned economic activities in the numerator of the applicable KPI
4,088
 100.00 
4,084
 99.90 
4
 0.10 
Consolidated Management Report Consolidated Non-financial Information Statement
339
This English version is a translation of the original in Spanish for information purposes only. In case of a discrepancy, the Spanish original will prevail.

TAXONOMY-ELIGIBLE BUT NOT TAXONOMY-ALIGNED ECONOMIC ACTIVITIES - TURNOVER
Amount and proportion (the information is to be presented in monetary amounts and as percentages)
Economic Activities
CCM+CCA
Climate Change mitigation (CCM)
Climate change Adaption (CCA)
Amount
%
Amount
%
Amount
%
Amount and proportion of taxonomy-eligible but not taxonomy-aligned economic activity referred to in Section 4.26 of Annexes I 
and II to Delegated Regulation 2021/2139 in the denominator of the applicable KPI
—
 — 
—
 — 
—
 — 
Amount and proportion of taxonomy-eligible but not taxonomy-aligned economic activity referred to in Section 4.27 of Annexes I 
and II to Delegated Regulation 2021/2139 in the denominator of the applicable KPI
—
 — 
—
 — 
—
 — 
Amount and proportion of taxonomy-eligible but not taxonomy-aligned economic activity referred to in Section 4.28 of Annexes I 
and II to Delegated Regulation 2021/2139 in the denominator of the applicable KPI
—
 — 
—
 — 
—
 — 
Amount and proportion of taxonomy-eligible but not taxonomy-aligned economic activity referred to in Section 4.29 of Annexes I 
and II to Delegated Regulation 2021/2139 in the denominator of the applicable KPI
150
 0.03 
150
 0.03 
—
 — 
Amount and proportion of taxonomy-eligible but not taxonomy-aligned economic activity referred to in Section 4.30 of Annexes I 
and II to Delegated Regulation 2021/2139 in the denominator of the applicable KPI
11
 — 
11
 — 
—
 — 
Amount and proportion of taxonomy-eligible but not taxonomy-aligned economic activity referred to in Section 4.31 of Annexes I 
and II to Delegated Regulation 2021/2139 in the denominator of the applicable KPI
—
 — 
—
 — 
—
 — 
Amount and proportion of other taxonomy-eligible but not taxonomy-aligned economic activities not referred to in 
rows 1 to 6 above in the denominator of the applicable KPI
118,993
 24.47 
117,858
 24.24 
1,135
 0.23 
Total amount and proportion of taxonomy-eligible but not taxonomy-aligned economic activities in the denominator of 
the applicable KPI
119,155
 24.50 
118,020
 24.27 
1,135
 0.23 
TAXONOMY-ELIGIBLE BUT NOT TAXONOMY-ALIGNED ECONOMIC ACTIVITIES - CAPEX
Amount and proportion (the information is to be presented in monetary amounts and as percentages)
Economic Activities
CCM+CCA
Climate Change mitigation (CCM)
Climate change Adaption (CCA)
Amount
%
Amount
%
Amount
%
Amount and proportion of taxonomy-eligible but not taxonomy-aligned economic activity referred to in Section 4.26 of Annexes I 
and II to Delegated Regulation 2021/2139 in the denominator of the applicable KPI
—
 — 
—
 — 
—
 — 
Amount and proportion of taxonomy-eligible but not taxonomy-aligned economic activity referred to in Section 4.27 of Annexes I 
and II to Delegated Regulation 2021/2139 in the denominator of the applicable KPI
—
 — 
—
 — 
—
 — 
Amount and proportion of taxonomy-eligible but not taxonomy-aligned economic activity referred to in Section 4.28 of Annexes I 
and II to Delegated Regulation 2021/2139 in the denominator of the applicable KPI
—
 — 
—
 — 
—
 — 
Amount and proportion of taxonomy-eligible but not taxonomy-aligned economic activity referred to in Section 4.29 of Annexes I 
and II to Delegated Regulation 2021/2139 in the denominator of the applicable KPI
47
 0.01 
47
 0.01 
—
 — 
Amount and proportion of taxonomy-eligible but not taxonomy-aligned economic activity referred to in Section 4.30 of Annexes I 
and II to Delegated Regulation 2021/2139 in the denominator of the applicable KPI
1
 — 
1
 — 
—
 — 
Amount and proportion of taxonomy-eligible but not taxonomy-aligned economic activity referred to in Section 4.31 of Annexes I 
and II to Delegated Regulation 2021/2139 in the denominator of the applicable KPI
1
 — 
1
 — 
—
 — 
Amount and proportion of other taxonomy-eligible but not taxonomy-aligned economic activities not referred to in 
rows 1 to 6 above in the denominator of the applicable KPI
119,094
 24.49 
117,950
 24.25 
1,144
 0.24 
Total amount and proportion of taxonomy-eligible but not taxonomy-aligned economic activities in the denominator of 
the applicable KPI
119,142
 24.50 
117,998
 24.26 
1,144
 0.24 
Consolidated Management Report Consolidated Non-financial Information Statement
340
This English version is a translation of the original in Spanish for information purposes only. In case of a discrepancy, the Spanish original will prevail.

TAXONOMY NON-ELIGIBLE ECONOMIC ACTIVITIES - TURNOVER
Economic Activities
Amount
%
Amount and proportion of economic activity referred to in row 1 of Template 1 that is taxonomy-non-eligible in accordance with Section 4.26 of Annexes I and II to 
Delegated Regulation 2021/2139 in the denominator of the applicable KPI
—
 — 
Amount and proportion of economic activity referred to in row 2 of Template 1 that is taxonomy-non-eligible in accordance with Section 4.27 of Annexes I and II to 
Delegated Regulation 2021/2139 in the denominator of the applicable KPI
—
 — 
Amount and proportion of economic activity referred to in row 3 of Template 1 that is taxonomy-non-eligible in accordance with Section 4.28 of Annexes I and II to 
Delegated Regulation 2021/2139 in the denominator of the applicable KPI
—
 — 
Amount and proportion of economic activity referred to in row 4 of Template 1 that is taxonomy-non-eligible in accordance with Section 4.29 of Annexes I and II to 
Delegated Regulation 2021/2139 in the denominator of the applicable KPI
—
 — 
Amount and proportion of economic activity referred to in row 5 of Template 1 that is taxonomy-non-eligible in accordance with Section 4.30 of Annexes I and II to 
Delegated Regulation 2021/2139 in the denominator of the applicable KPI
—
 — 
Amount and proportion of economic activity referred to in row 6 of Template 1 that is taxonomy-non-eligible in accordance with Section 4.31 of Annexes I and II to 
Delegated Regulation 2021/2139 in the denominator of the applicable KPI
—
 — 
Amount and proportion of other taxonomy-non-eligible economic activities not referred to in rows 1 to 6 above in the denominator of the applicable 
KPI
364,448
 74.93 
Total amount and proportion of taxonomy-non-eligible economic activities in the denominator of the applicable KPI
364,448
 74.93 
TAXONOMY NON-ELIGIBLE ECONOMIC ACTIVITIES - CAPEX
Economic Activities
Amount
%
Amount and proportion of economic activity referred to in row 1 of Template 1 that is taxonomy-non-eligible in accordance with Section 4.26 of Annexes I and II to 
Delegated Regulation 2021/2139 in the denominator of the applicable KPI
0
 — 
Amount and proportion of economic activity referred to in row 2 of Template 1 that is taxonomy-non-eligible in accordance with Section 4.27 of Annexes I and II to 
Delegated Regulation 2021/2139 in the denominator of the applicable KPI
0
 — 
Amount and proportion of economic activity referred to in row 3 of Template 1 that is taxonomy-non-eligible in accordance with Section 4.28 of Annexes I and II to 
Delegated Regulation 2021/2139 in the denominator of the applicable KPI
0
 — 
Amount and proportion of economic activity referred to in row 4 of Template 1 that is taxonomy-non-eligible in accordance with Section 4.29 of Annexes I and II to 
Delegated Regulation 2021/2139 in the denominator of the applicable KPI
0
 — 
Amount and proportion of economic activity referred to in row 5 of Template 1 that is taxonomy-non-eligible in accordance with Section 4.30 of Annexes I and II to 
Delegated Regulation 2021/2139 in the denominator of the applicable KPI
0
 — 
Amount and proportion of economic activity referred to in row 6 of Template 1 that is taxonomy-non-eligible in accordance with Section 4.31 of Annexes I and II to 
Delegated Regulation 2021/2139 in the denominator of the applicable KPI
0
 — 
Amount and proportion of other taxonomy-non-eligible economic activities not referred to in rows 1 to 6 above in the denominator of the applicable 
KPI
363,148
 74.66 
Total amount and proportion of taxonomy-non-eligible economic activities in the denominator of the applicable KPI
363,148
 74.66 
Consolidated Management Report Consolidated Non-financial Information Statement
341
This English version is a translation of the original in Spanish for information purposes only. In case of a discrepancy, the Spanish original will prevail.

Nuclear and fossil gas related activities - Insurance and Reinsurance
NUCLEAR AND FOSSIL GAS RELATED ACTIVITIES
Nuclear energy related activities
The undertaking carries out, funds or has exposures to research, development, demonstration and deployment of innovative electricity generation facilities that produce energy from nuclear processes with 
minimal waste from the fuel cycle.
NO
The undertaking carries out, funds or has exposures to construction and safe operation of new nuclear installations to produce electricity or process heat, including for the purposes of district heating or industrial 
processes such as hydrogen production, as well as their safety upgrades, using best available technologies.
YES
The undertaking carries out, funds or has exposures to safe operation of existing nuclear installations that produce electricity or process heat, including for the purposes of district heating or industrial processes 
such as hydrogen production from nuclear energy, as well as their safety upgrades.
YES
Fossil gas related activities
The undertaking carries out, funds or has exposures to construction or operation of electricity generation facilities that produce electricity using fossil gaseous fuels.
YES
The undertaking carries out, funds or has exposures to construction, refurbishment, and operation of combined heat/cool and power generation facilities using fossil gaseous fuels.
YES
The undertaking carries out, funds or has exposures to construction, refurbishment and operation of heat generation facilities that produce heat/cool using fossil gaseous fuels.
YES
Consolidated Management Report Consolidated Non-financial Information Statement
342
This English version is a translation of the original in Spanish for information purposes only. In case of a discrepancy, the Spanish original will prevail.

TAXONOMY-ALIGNED ECONOMIC ACTIVITIES (DENOMINATOR) - TURNOVER
Amount and proportion (the information is to be presented in monetary amounts and as percentages)
Economic Activities
CCM+CCA
Climate Change mitigation (CCM)
Climate change Adaption (CCA)
Amount
%
Amount
%
Amount
%
Amount and proportion of taxonomy- aligned economic activity referred to in Section 4.26 of Annexes I and II to Delegated 
Regulation 2021/2139 in the denominator of the applicable KPI
—
 — 
—
 — 
—
 — 
Amount and proportion of taxonomy- aligned economic activity referred to in Section 4.27 of Annexes I and II to Delegated 
Regulation 2021/2139 in the denominator of the applicable KPI
—
 — 
—
 — 
—
 — 
Amount and proportion of taxonomy- aligned economic activity referred to in Section 4.28 of Annexes I and II to Delegated 
Regulation 2021/2139 in the denominator of the applicable KPI
1
 0.04 
1
 0.04 
—
 — 
Amount and proportion of taxonomy- aligned economic activity referred to in Section 4.29 of Annexes I and II to Delegated 
Regulation 2021/2139 in the denominator of the applicable KPI
—
 — 
—
 — 
—
 — 
Amount and proportion of taxonomy- aligned economic activity referred to in Section 4.30 of Annexes I and II to Delegated 
Regulation 2021/2139 in the denominator of the applicable KPI
—
 — 
—
 — 
—
 — 
Amount and proportion of taxonomy- aligned economic activity referred to in Section 4.31 of Annexes I and II to Delegated 
Regulation 2021/2139 in the denominator of the applicable KPI
—
 — 
—
 — 
—
 — 
Amount and proportion of other taxonomy-aligned economic activities not referred to in rows 1 to 6 above in the 
denominator of the applicable KPI
85
 2.38 
85
 2.37 
1
 0.01 
Total applicable KPI
3,583
 2.42 
3,583
 2.41 
3,583
 0.01 
TAXONOMY-ALIGNED ECONOMIC ACTIVITIES (DENOMINATOR) - CAPEX
Amount and proportion (the information is to be presented in monetary amounts and as percentages)
Economic Activities
CCM+CCA
Climate Change mitigation (CCM)
Climate change Adaption (CCA)
Amount
%
Amount
%
Amount
%
Amount and proportion of taxonomy- aligned economic activity referred to in Section 4.26 of Annexes I and II to Delegated 
Regulation 2021/2139 in the denominator of the applicable KPI
—
 — 
—
 — 
—
 — 
Amount and proportion of taxonomy- aligned economic activity referred to in Section 4.27 of Annexes I and II to Delegated 
Regulation 2021/2139 in the denominator of the applicable KPI
—
 0.01 
—
 0.01 
—
 — 
Amount and proportion of taxonomy- aligned economic activity referred to in Section 4.28 of Annexes I and II to Delegated 
Regulation 2021/2139 in the denominator of the applicable KPI
2
 0.04 
2
 0.04 
—
 — 
Amount and proportion of taxonomy- aligned economic activity referred to in Section 4.29 of Annexes I and II to Delegated 
Regulation 2021/2139 in the denominator of the applicable KPI
—
 — 
—
 — 
—
 — 
Amount and proportion of taxonomy- aligned economic activity referred to in Section 4.30 of Annexes I and II to Delegated 
Regulation 2021/2139 in the denominator of the applicable KPI
—
 — 
—
 — 
—
 — 
Amount and proportion of taxonomy- aligned economic activity referred to in Section 4.31 of Annexes I and II to Delegated 
Regulation 2021/2139 in the denominator of the applicable KPI
—
 — 
—
 — 
—
 — 
Amount and proportion of other taxonomy-aligned economic activities not referred to in rows 1 to 6 above in the 
denominator of the applicable KPI
154
 4.30 
153
 4.27 
1
 0.03 
Total applicable KPI
3,583
 4.35 
3,583
 4.33 
3,583
 0.03 
Consolidated Management Report Consolidated Non-financial Information Statement
343
This English version is a translation of the original in Spanish for information purposes only. In case of a discrepancy, the Spanish original will prevail.

 TAXONOMY-ALIGNED ECONOMIC ACTIVITIES (NUMERATOR) - TURNOVER
Amount and proportion (the information is to be presented in monetary amounts and as percentages)
Economic Activities
CCM+CCA
Climate Change mitigation (CCM)
Climate change Adaption (CCA)
Amount
%
Amount
%
Amount
%
Amount and proportion of taxonomy- aligned economic activity referred to in Section 4.26 of Annexes I and II to Delegated 
Regulation 2021/2139 in the numerator of the applicable KPI
—
 — 
—
 — 
—
 — 
Amount and proportion of taxonomy- aligned economic activity referred to in Section 4.27 of Annexes I and II to Delegated 
Regulation 2021/2139 in the numerator of the applicable KPI
—
 — 
—
 — 
—
 — 
Amount and proportion of taxonomy- aligned economic activity referred to in Section 4.28 of Annexes I and II to Delegated 
Regulation 2021/2139 in the numerator of the applicable KPI
1
 1.59 
1
 1.59 
—
 — 
Amount and proportion of taxonomy- aligned economic activity referred to in Section 4.29 of Annexes I and II to Delegated 
Regulation 2021/2139 in the numerator of the applicable KPI
—
 — 
—
 — 
—
 — 
Amount and proportion of taxonomy- aligned economic activity referred to in Section 4.30 of Annexes I and II to Delegated 
Regulation 2021/2139 in the numerator of the applicable KPI
—
 0.02 
—
 0.02 
—
 — 
Amount and proportion of taxonomy- aligned economic activity referred to in Section 4.31 of Annexes I and II to Delegated 
Regulation 2021/2139 in the numerator of the applicable KPI
—
 0.02 
—
 0.02 
—
 — 
Amount and proportion of other taxonomy-aligned economic activities not referred to in rows 1 to 6 above in the 
numerator of the applicable KPI
85
 98.37 
85
 97.76 
1
 0.60 
Total amount and proportion of taxonomy-aligned economic activities in the numerator of the applicable KPI
87
 100.00 
86
 99.40 
1
 0.60 
TAXONOMY-ALIGNED ECONOMIC ACTIVITIES (NUMERATOR) - CAPEX
Amount and proportion (the information is to be presented in monetary amounts and as percentages)
Economic Activities
CCM+CCA
Climate Change mitigation (CCM)
Climate change Adaption (CCA)
Amount
%
Amount
%
Amount
%
Amount and proportion of taxonomy- aligned economic activity referred to in Section 4.26 of Annexes I and II to Delegated 
Regulation 2021/2139 in the numerator of the applicable KPI
—
 — 
—
 — 
—
 — 
Amount and proportion of taxonomy- aligned economic activity referred to in Section 4.27 of Annexes I and II to Delegated 
Regulation 2021/2139 in the numerator of the applicable KPI
—
 0.16 
—
 0.16 
—
 — 
Amount and proportion of taxonomy- aligned economic activity referred to in Section 4.28 of Annexes I and II to Delegated 
Regulation 2021/2139 in the numerator of the applicable KPI
2
 1.00 
2
 1.00 
—
 — 
Amount and proportion of taxonomy- aligned economic activity referred to in Section 4.29 of Annexes I and II to Delegated 
Regulation 2021/2139 in the numerator of the applicable KPI
—
 0.05 
—
 0.05 
—
 — 
Amount and proportion of taxonomy- aligned economic activity referred to in Section 4.30 of Annexes I and II to Delegated 
Regulation 2021/2139 in the numerator of the applicable KPI
—
 0.04 
—
 0.04 
—
 — 
Amount and proportion of taxonomy- aligned economic activity referred to in Section 4.31 of Annexes I and II to Delegated 
Regulation 2021/2139 in the numerator of the applicable KPI
—
 — 
—
 — 
—
 — 
Amount and proportion of other taxonomy-aligned economic activities not referred to in rows 1 to 6 above in the 
numerator of the applicable KPI
154
 98.75 
153
 98.10 
1
 0.65 
Total amount and proportion of taxonomy-aligned economic activities in the numerator of the applicable KPI
156
 100.00 
155
 99.35 
1
 0.65 
Consolidated Management Report Consolidated Non-financial Information Statement
344
This English version is a translation of the original in Spanish for information purposes only. In case of a discrepancy, the Spanish original will prevail.

TAXONOMY-ELIGIBLE BUT NOT TAXONOMY-ALIGNED ECONOMIC ACTIVITIES - TURNOVER
Amount and proportion (the information is to be presented in monetary amounts and as percentages)
Economic Activities
CCM+CCA
Climate Change mitigation (CCM)
Climate change Adaption (CCA)
Amount
%
Amount
%
Amount
%
Amount and proportion of taxonomy-eligible but not taxonomy-aligned economic activity referred to in Section 4.26 of Annexes I 
and II to Delegated Regulation 2021/2139 in the denominator of the applicable KPI
—
 — 
—
 — 
—
 — 
Amount and proportion of taxonomy-eligible but not taxonomy-aligned economic activity referred to in Section 4.27 of Annexes I 
and II to Delegated Regulation 2021/2139 in the denominator of the applicable KPI
—
 — 
—
 — 
—
 — 
Amount and proportion of taxonomy-eligible but not taxonomy-aligned economic activity referred to in Section 4.28 of Annexes I 
and II to Delegated Regulation 2021/2139 in the denominator of the applicable KPI
—
 — 
—
 — 
—
 — 
Amount and proportion of taxonomy-eligible but not taxonomy-aligned economic activity referred to in Section 4.29 of Annexes I 
and II to Delegated Regulation 2021/2139 in the denominator of the applicable KPI
6
 0.18 
4
 0.11 
3
 0.07 
Amount and proportion of taxonomy-eligible but not taxonomy-aligned economic activity referred to in Section 4.30 of Annexes I 
and II to Delegated Regulation 2021/2139 in the denominator of the applicable KPI
—
 0.01 
—
 0.01 
—
 — 
Amount and proportion of taxonomy-eligible but not taxonomy-aligned economic activity referred to in Section 4.31 of Annexes I 
and II to Delegated Regulation 2021/2139 in the denominator of the applicable KPI
—
 — 
—
 — 
—
 — 
Amount and proportion of other taxonomy-eligible but not taxonomy-aligned economic activities not referred to in 
rows 1 to 6 above in the denominator of the applicable KPI
383
 10.68 
383
 10.68 
—
 — 
Total amount and proportion of taxonomy-eligible but not taxonomy-aligned economic activities in the denominator of 
the applicable KPI
389
 10.87 
387
 10.80 
3
 0.07 
TAXONOMY-ELIGIBLE BUT NOT TAXONOMY-ALIGNED ECONOMIC ACTIVITIES - CAPEX
Amount and proportion (the information is to be presented in monetary amounts and as percentages)
Economic Activities
CCM+CCA
Climate Change mitigation (CCM)
Climate change Adaption (CCA)
Amount
%
Amount
%
Amount
%
Amount and proportion of taxonomy-eligible but not taxonomy-aligned economic activity referred to in Section 4.26 of Annexes I 
and II to Delegated Regulation 2021/2139 in the denominator of the applicable KPI
—
 — 
—
 — 
—
 — 
Amount and proportion of taxonomy-eligible but not taxonomy-aligned economic activity referred to in Section 4.27 of Annexes I 
and II to Delegated Regulation 2021/2139 in the denominator of the applicable KPI
—
 — 
—
 — 
—
 — 
Amount and proportion of taxonomy-eligible but not taxonomy-aligned economic activity referred to in Section 4.28 of Annexes I 
and II to Delegated Regulation 2021/2139 in the denominator of the applicable KPI
—
 — 
—
 — 
—
 — 
Amount and proportion of taxonomy-eligible but not taxonomy-aligned economic activity referred to in Section 4.29 of Annexes I 
and II to Delegated Regulation 2021/2139 in the denominator of the applicable KPI
2
 0.07 
2
 0.05 
1
 0.02 
Amount and proportion of taxonomy-eligible but not taxonomy-aligned economic activity referred to in Section 4.30 of Annexes I 
and II to Delegated Regulation 2021/2139 in the denominator of the applicable KPI
—
 — 
—
 — 
—
 — 
Amount and proportion of taxonomy-eligible but not taxonomy-aligned economic activity referred to in Section 4.31 of Annexes I 
and II to Delegated Regulation 2021/2139 in the denominator of the applicable KPI
—
 — 
—
 — 
—
 — 
Amount and proportion of other taxonomy-eligible but not taxonomy-aligned economic activities not referred to in 
rows 1 to 6 above in the denominator of the applicable KPI
321
 8.96 
319
 8.91 
2
 0.04 
Total amount and proportion of taxonomy-eligible but not taxonomy-aligned economic activities in the denominator of 
the applicable KPI
323
 9.03 
321
 8.96 
2
 0.07 
Consolidated Management Report Consolidated Non-financial Information Statement
345
This English version is a translation of the original in Spanish for information purposes only. In case of a discrepancy, the Spanish original will prevail.

TAXONOMY NON-ELIGIBLE ECONOMIC ACTIVITIES - TURNOVER
Economic Activities
Amount
%
Amount and proportion of economic activity referred to in row 1 of Template 1 that is taxonomy-non-eligible in accordance with Section 4.26 of Annexes I and II to 
Delegated Regulation 2021/2139 in the denominator of the applicable KPI
—
 — 
Amount and proportion of economic activity referred to in row 2 of Template 1 that is taxonomy-non-eligible in accordance with Section 4.27 of Annexes I and II to 
Delegated Regulation 2021/2139 in the denominator of the applicable KPI
—
 — 
Amount and proportion of economic activity referred to in row 3 of Template 1 that is taxonomy-non-eligible in accordance with Section 4.28 of Annexes I and II to 
Delegated Regulation 2021/2139 in the denominator of the applicable KPI
25
 0.69 
Amount and proportion of economic activity referred to in row 4 of Template 1 that is taxonomy-non-eligible in accordance with Section 4.29 of Annexes I and II to 
Delegated Regulation 2021/2139 in the denominator of the applicable KPI
70
 1.94 
Amount and proportion of economic activity referred to in row 5 of Template 1 that is taxonomy-non-eligible in accordance with Section 4.30 of Annexes I and II to 
Delegated Regulation 2021/2139 in the denominator of the applicable KPI
33
 0.92 
Amount and proportion of economic activity referred to in row 6 of Template 1 that is taxonomy-non-eligible in accordance with Section 4.31 of Annexes I and II to 
Delegated Regulation 2021/2139 in the denominator of the applicable KPI
16
 0.45 
Amount and proportion of other taxonomy-non-eligible economic activities not referred to in rows 1 to 6 above in the denominator of the applicable 
KPI
2,954
 82.44 
Total amount and proportion of taxonomy-non-eligible economic activities in the denominator of the applicable KPI
3,098
 86.46 
TAXONOMY NON-ELIGIBLE ECONOMIC ACTIVITIES - CAPEX
Economic Activities
Amount
%
Amount and proportion of economic activity referred to in row 1 of Template 1 that is taxonomy-non-eligible in accordance with Section 4.26 of Annexes I and II to 
Delegated Regulation 2021/2139 in the denominator of the applicable KPI
—
 — 
Amount and proportion of economic activity referred to in row 2 of Template 1 that is taxonomy-non-eligible in accordance with Section 4.27 of Annexes I and II to 
Delegated Regulation 2021/2139 in the denominator of the applicable KPI
15
 0.42 
Amount and proportion of economic activity referred to in row 3 of Template 1 that is taxonomy-non-eligible in accordance with Section 4.28 of Annexes I and II to 
Delegated Regulation 2021/2139 in the denominator of the applicable KPI
25
 0.69 
Amount and proportion of economic activity referred to in row 4 of Template 1 that is taxonomy-non-eligible in accordance with Section 4.29 of Annexes I and II to 
Delegated Regulation 2021/2139 in the denominator of the applicable KPI
100
 2.79 
Amount and proportion of economic activity referred to in row 5 of Template 1 that is taxonomy-non-eligible in accordance with Section 4.30 of Annexes I and II to 
Delegated Regulation 2021/2139 in the denominator of the applicable KPI
36
 1.00 
Amount and proportion of economic activity referred to in row 6 of Template 1 that is taxonomy-non-eligible in accordance with Section 4.31 of Annexes I and II to 
Delegated Regulation 2021/2139 in the denominator of the applicable KPI
3
 0.08 
Amount and proportion of other taxonomy-non-eligible economic activities not referred to in rows 1 to 6 above in the denominator of the applicable 
KPI
2,920
 81.49 
Total amount and proportion of taxonomy-non-eligible economic activities in the denominator of the applicable KPI
3,098
 86.46 
Consolidated Management Report Consolidated Non-financial Information Statement
346
This English version is a translation of the original in Spanish for information purposes only. In case of a discrepancy, the Spanish original will prevail.

Nuclear and fossil gas related activities - Asset Managers
NUCLEAR AND FOSSIL GAS RELATED ACTIVITIES
Nuclear energy related activities
The undertaking carries out, funds or has exposures to research, development, demonstration and deployment of innovative electricity generation facilities that produce energy from nuclear 
processes with minimal waste from the fuel cycle.
NO
The undertaking carries out, funds or has exposures to construction and safe operation of new nuclear installations to produce electricity or process heat, including for the purposes of district 
heating or industrial processes such as hydrogen production, as well as their safety upgrades, using best available technologies.
YES
The undertaking carries out, funds or has exposures to safe operation of existing nuclear installations that produce electricity or process heat, including for the purposes of district heating or 
industrial processes such as hydrogen production from nuclear energy, as well as their safety upgrades.
YES
Fossil gas related activities
The undertaking carries out, funds or has exposures to construction or operation of electricity generation facilities that produce electricity using fossil gaseous fuels.
YES
The undertaking carries out, funds or has exposures to construction, refurbishment, and operation of combined heat/cool and power generation facilities using fossil gaseous fuels.
YES
The undertaking carries out, funds or has exposures to construction, refurbishment and operation of heat generation facilities that produce heat/cool using fossil gaseous fuels.
YES
Consolidated Management Report Consolidated Non-financial Information Statement
347
This English version is a translation of the original in Spanish for information purposes only. In case of a discrepancy, the Spanish original will prevail.

TAXONOMY-ALIGNED ECONOMIC ACTIVITIES (DENOMINATOR) - TURNOVER
Amount and proportion (the information is to be presented in monetary amounts and as percentages)
Economic Activities
CCM+CCA
Climate Change mitigation (CCM)
Climate change Adaption (CCA)
Amount
%
Amount
%
Amount
%
Amount and proportion of taxonomy- aligned economic activity referred to in Section 4.26 of Annexes I and II to Delegated 
Regulation 2021/2139 in the denominator of the applicable KPI
0
 — 
0
 — 
0
 — 
Amount and proportion of taxonomy- aligned economic activity referred to in Section 4.27 of Annexes I and II to Delegated 
Regulation 2021/2139 in the denominator of the applicable KPI
0
 — 
0
 — 
0
 — 
Amount and proportion of taxonomy- aligned economic activity referred to in Section 4.28 of Annexes I and II to Delegated 
Regulation 2021/2139 in the denominator of the applicable KPI
9
 0.01 
9
 0.01 
0
 — 
Amount and proportion of taxonomy- aligned economic activity referred to in Section 4.29 of Annexes I and II to Delegated 
Regulation 2021/2139 in the denominator of the applicable KPI
0
 — 
0
 — 
0
 — 
Amount and proportion of taxonomy- aligned economic activity referred to in Section 4.30 of Annexes I and II to Delegated 
Regulation 2021/2139 in the denominator of the applicable KPI
0
 — 
0
 — 
0
 — 
Amount and proportion of taxonomy- aligned economic activity referred to in Section 4.31 of Annexes I and II to Delegated 
Regulation 2021/2139 in the denominator of the applicable KPI
0
 — 
0
 — 
0
 — 
Amount and proportion of other taxonomy-aligned economic activities not referred to in rows 1 to 6 above in the 
denominator of the applicable KPI
609
 0.34 
608
 0.34 
1
 — 
Total applicable KPI
179,437
 0.34 
179,437
 0.34 
179,437
 — 
TAXONOMY-ALIGNED ECONOMIC ACTIVITIES (DENOMINATOR) - CAPEX
Amount and proportion (the information is to be presented in monetary amounts and as percentages)
Economic Activities
CCM+CCA
Climate Change mitigation (CCM)
Climate change Adaption (CCA)
Amount
%
Amount
%
Amount
%
Amount and proportion of taxonomy- aligned economic activity referred to in Section 4.26 of Annexes I and II to Delegated 
Regulation 2021/2139 in the denominator of the applicable KPI
—
 — 
—
 — 
—
 — 
Amount and proportion of taxonomy- aligned economic activity referred to in Section 4.27 of Annexes I and II to Delegated 
Regulation 2021/2139 in the denominator of the applicable KPI
1
 — 
1
 — 
—
 — 
Amount and proportion of taxonomy- aligned economic activity referred to in Section 4.28 of Annexes I and II to Delegated 
Regulation 2021/2139 in the denominator of the applicable KPI
7
 — 
7
 — 
—
 — 
Amount and proportion of taxonomy- aligned economic activity referred to in Section 4.29 of Annexes I and II to Delegated 
Regulation 2021/2139 in the denominator of the applicable KPI
—
 — 
—
 — 
—
 — 
Amount and proportion of taxonomy- aligned economic activity referred to in Section 4.30 of Annexes I and II to Delegated 
Regulation 2021/2139 in the denominator of the applicable KPI
—
 — 
—
 — 
—
 — 
Amount and proportion of taxonomy- aligned economic activity referred to in Section 4.31 of Annexes I and II to Delegated 
Regulation 2021/2139 in the denominator of the applicable KPI
—
 — 
—
 — 
—
 — 
Amount and proportion of other taxonomy-aligned economic activities not referred to in rows 1 to 6 above in the 
denominator of the applicable KPI
1,129
 0.63 
1,127
 0.63 
2
 — 
Total applicable KPI
179,437
 0.63 
179,437
 0.63 
179,437
 — 
Consolidated Management Report Consolidated Non-financial Information Statement
348
This English version is a translation of the original in Spanish for information purposes only. In case of a discrepancy, the Spanish original will prevail.

 TAXONOMY-ALIGNED ECONOMIC ACTIVITIES (NUMERATOR) - TURNOVER
Amount and proportion (the information is to be presented in monetary amounts and as percentages)
Economic Activities
CCM+CCA
Climate Change mitigation (CCM)
Climate change Adaption (CCA)
Amount
%
Amount
%
Amount
%
Amount and proportion of taxonomy- aligned economic activity referred to in Section 4.26 of Annexes I and II to Delegated 
Regulation 2021/2139 in the denominator of the applicable KPI
0
 — 
0
 — 
0
 — 
Amount and proportion of taxonomy- aligned economic activity referred to in Section 4.27 of Annexes I and II to Delegated 
Regulation 2021/2139 in the denominator of the applicable KPI
0
 — 
0
 — 
0
 — 
Amount and proportion of taxonomy- aligned economic activity referred to in Section 4.28 of Annexes I and II to Delegated 
Regulation 2021/2139 in the denominator of the applicable KPI
9
 1.53 
9
 1.53 
0
 — 
Amount and proportion of taxonomy- aligned economic activity referred to in Section 4.29 of Annexes I and II to Delegated 
Regulation 2021/2139 in the denominator of the applicable KPI
0
 — 
0
 — 
0
 — 
Amount and proportion of taxonomy- aligned economic activity referred to in Section 4.30 of Annexes I and II to Delegated 
Regulation 2021/2139 in the denominator of the applicable KPI
0
 0.01 
0
 0.01 
0
 — 
Amount and proportion of taxonomy- aligned economic activity referred to in Section 4.31 of Annexes I and II to Delegated 
Regulation 2021/2139 in the denominator of the applicable KPI
0
 0.01 
0
 0.01 
0
 — 
Amount and proportion of other taxonomy-aligned economic activities not referred to in rows 1 to 6 above in the 
numerator of the applicable KPI
609
 98.45 
608
 98.24 
1
 0.21 
Total amount and proportion of taxonomy-aligned economic activities in the numerator of the applicable KPI
619
 100.00 
617
 99.79 
1
 0.21 
TAXONOMY-ALIGNED ECONOMIC ACTIVITIES (NUMERATOR) - CAPEX
Amount and proportion (the information is to be presented in monetary amounts and as percentages)
Economic Activities
CCM+CCA
Climate Change mitigation (CCM)
Climate change Adaption (CCA)
Amount
%
Amount
%
Amount
%
Amount and proportion of taxonomy- aligned economic activity referred to in Section 4.26 of Annexes I and II to Delegated 
Regulation 2021/2139 in the denominator of the applicable KPI
—
 — 
—
 — 
—
 — 
Amount and proportion of taxonomy- aligned economic activity referred to in Section 4.27 of Annexes I and II to Delegated 
Regulation 2021/2139 in the denominator of the applicable KPI
1
 0.11 
1
 0.11 
—
 — 
Amount and proportion of taxonomy- aligned economic activity referred to in Section 4.28 of Annexes I and II to Delegated 
Regulation 2021/2139 in the denominator of the applicable KPI
7
 0.60 
7
 0.60 
—
 — 
Amount and proportion of taxonomy- aligned economic activity referred to in Section 4.29 of Annexes I and II to Delegated 
Regulation 2021/2139 in the denominator of the applicable KPI
—
 0.02 
—
 0.02 
—
 — 
Amount and proportion of taxonomy- aligned economic activity referred to in Section 4.30 of Annexes I and II to Delegated 
Regulation 2021/2139 in the denominator of the applicable KPI
—
 0.04 
—
 0.04 
—
 — 
Amount and proportion of taxonomy- aligned economic activity referred to in Section 4.31 of Annexes I and II to Delegated 
Regulation 2021/2139 in the denominator of the applicable KPI
—
 — 
—
 — 
—
 — 
Amount and proportion of other taxonomy-aligned economic activities not referred to in rows 1 to 6 above in the 
numerator of the applicable KPI
1,129
 99.24 
1,127
 99.04 
2
 0.20 
Total amount and proportion of taxonomy-aligned economic activities in the numerator of the applicable KPI
1,138
 100.00 
1,135
 99.80 
2
 0.20 
Consolidated Management Report Consolidated Non-financial Information Statement
349
This English version is a translation of the original in Spanish for information purposes only. In case of a discrepancy, the Spanish original will prevail.

TAXONOMY-ELIGIBLE BUT NOT TAXONOMY-ALIGNED ECONOMIC ACTIVITIES - TURNOVER
Amount and proportion (the information is to be presented in monetary amounts and as percentages)
Economic Activities
CCM+CCA
Climate Change mitigation (CCM)
Climate change Adaption (CCA)
Amount
%
Amount
%
Amount
%
Amount and proportion of taxonomy-eligible but not taxonomy-aligned economic activity referred to in Section 4.26 of Annexes I 
and II to Delegated Regulation 2021/2139 in the denominator of the applicable KPI
—
 — 
—
 — 
—
 — 
Amount and proportion of taxonomy-eligible but not taxonomy-aligned economic activity referred to in Section 4.27 of Annexes I 
and II to Delegated Regulation 2021/2139 in the denominator of the applicable KPI
—
 — 
—
 — 
—
 — 
Amount and proportion of taxonomy-eligible but not taxonomy-aligned economic activity referred to in Section 4.28 of Annexes I 
and II to Delegated Regulation 2021/2139 in the denominator of the applicable KPI
9
 0.01 
9
 0.01 
—
 — 
Amount and proportion of taxonomy-eligible but not taxonomy-aligned economic activity referred to in Section 4.29 of Annexes I 
and II to Delegated Regulation 2021/2139 in the denominator of the applicable KPI
44
 0.02 
44
 0.02 
—
 — 
Amount and proportion of taxonomy-eligible but not taxonomy-aligned economic activity referred to in Section 4.30 of Annexes I 
and II to Delegated Regulation 2021/2139 in the denominator of the applicable KPI
2
 — 
2
 — 
—
 — 
Amount and proportion of taxonomy-eligible but not taxonomy-aligned economic activity referred to in Section 4.31 of Annexes I 
and II to Delegated Regulation 2021/2139 in the denominator of the applicable KPI
—
 — 
—
 — 
—
 — 
Amount and proportion of other taxonomy-eligible but not taxonomy-aligned economic activities not referred to in 
rows 1 to 6 above in the denominator of the applicable KPI
1,398
 0.78 
1,371
 0.76 
27
 0.02 
Total amount and proportion of taxonomy-eligible but not taxonomy-aligned economic activities in the denominator of 
the applicable KPI
1,453
 0.81 
1,426
 0.79 
27
 0.02 
TAXONOMY-ELIGIBLE BUT NOT TAXONOMY-ALIGNED ECONOMIC ACTIVITIES - CAPEX
Amount and proportion (the information is to be presented in monetary amounts and as percentages)
Economic Activities
CCM+CCA
Climate Change mitigation (CCM)
Climate change Adaption (CCA)
Amount
%
Amount
%
Amount
%
Amount and proportion of taxonomy-eligible but not taxonomy-aligned economic activity referred to in Section 4.26 of Annexes I 
and II to Delegated Regulation 2021/2139 in the denominator of the applicable KPI
—
 — 
—
 — 
—
 — 
Amount and proportion of taxonomy-eligible but not taxonomy-aligned economic activity referred to in Section 4.27 of Annexes I 
and II to Delegated Regulation 2021/2139 in the denominator of the applicable KPI
1
 — 
1
 — 
—
 — 
Amount and proportion of taxonomy-eligible but not taxonomy-aligned economic activity referred to in Section 4.28 of Annexes I 
and II to Delegated Regulation 2021/2139 in the denominator of the applicable KPI
7
 — 
7
 — 
—
 — 
Amount and proportion of taxonomy-eligible but not taxonomy-aligned economic activity referred to in Section 4.29 of Annexes I 
and II to Delegated Regulation 2021/2139 in the denominator of the applicable KPI
11
 0.01 
11
 0.01 
—
 — 
Amount and proportion of taxonomy-eligible but not taxonomy-aligned economic activity referred to in Section 4.30 of Annexes I 
and II to Delegated Regulation 2021/2139 in the denominator of the applicable KPI
1
 — 
1
 — 
—
 — 
Amount and proportion of taxonomy-eligible but not taxonomy-aligned economic activity referred to in Section 4.31 of Annexes I 
and II to Delegated Regulation 2021/2139 in the denominator of the applicable KPI
—
 — 
—
 — 
—
 — 
Amount and proportion of other taxonomy-eligible but not taxonomy-aligned economic activities not referred to in 
rows 1 to 6 above in the denominator of the applicable KPI
1,443
 0.80 
1,399
 0.78 
44
 0.02 
Total amount and proportion of taxonomy-eligible but not taxonomy-aligned economic activities in the denominator of 
the applicable KPI
1,463
 0.82 
1,419
 0.79 
44
 0.02 
Consolidated Management Report Consolidated Non-financial Information Statement
350
This English version is a translation of the original in Spanish for information purposes only. In case of a discrepancy, the Spanish original will prevail.

TAXONOMY NON-ELIGIBLE ECONOMIC ACTIVITIES - TURNOVER
Economic Activities
Amount
%
Amount and proportion of economic activity referred to in row 1 of Template 1 that is taxonomy-non-eligible in accordance with Section 4.26 of Annexes I and II to 
Delegated Regulation 2021/2139 in the denominator of the applicable KPI
—
 — 
Amount and proportion of economic activity referred to in row 2 of Template 1 that is taxonomy-non-eligible in accordance with Section 4.27 of Annexes I and II to 
Delegated Regulation 2021/2139 in the denominator of the applicable KPI
—
 — 
Amount and proportion of economic activity referred to in row 3 of Template 1 that is taxonomy-non-eligible in accordance with Section 4.28 of Annexes I and II to 
Delegated Regulation 2021/2139 in the denominator of the applicable KPI
—
 — 
Amount and proportion of economic activity referred to in row 4 of Template 1 that is taxonomy-non-eligible in accordance with Section 4.29 of Annexes I and II to 
Delegated Regulation 2021/2139 in the denominator of the applicable KPI
—
 — 
Amount and proportion of economic activity referred to in row 5 of Template 1 that is taxonomy-non-eligible in accordance with Section 4.30 of Annexes I and II to 
Delegated Regulation 2021/2139 in the denominator of the applicable KPI
—
 — 
Amount and proportion of economic activity referred to in row 6 of Template 1 that is taxonomy-non-eligible in accordance with Section 4.31 of Annexes I and II to 
Delegated Regulation 2021/2139 in the denominator of the applicable KPI
—
 — 
Amount and proportion of other taxonomy-non-eligible economic activities not referred to in rows 1 to 6 above in the denominator of the applicable 
KPI
177,365
 98.85 
Total amount and proportion of taxonomy-non-eligible economic activities in the denominator of the applicable KPI
177,365
 98.85 
TAXONOMY NON-ELIGIBLE ECONOMIC ACTIVITIES - CAPEX
Economic Activities
Amount
%
Amount and proportion of economic activity referred to in row 1 of Template 1 that is taxonomy-non-eligible in accordance with Section 4.26 of Annexes I and II to 
Delegated Regulation 2021/2139 in the denominator of the applicable KPI
—
 — 
Amount and proportion of economic activity referred to in row 2 of Template 1 that is taxonomy-non-eligible in accordance with Section 4.27 of Annexes I and II to 
Delegated Regulation 2021/2139 in the denominator of the applicable KPI
—
 — 
Amount and proportion of economic activity referred to in row 3 of Template 1 that is taxonomy-non-eligible in accordance with Section 4.28 of Annexes I and II to 
Delegated Regulation 2021/2139 in the denominator of the applicable KPI
—
 — 
Amount and proportion of economic activity referred to in row 4 of Template 1 that is taxonomy-non-eligible in accordance with Section 4.29 of Annexes I and II to 
Delegated Regulation 2021/2139 in the denominator of the applicable KPI
—
 — 
Amount and proportion of economic activity referred to in row 5 of Template 1 that is taxonomy-non-eligible in accordance with Section 4.30 of Annexes I and II to 
Delegated Regulation 2021/2139 in the denominator of the applicable KPI
—
 — 
Amount and proportion of economic activity referred to in row 6 of Template 1 that is taxonomy-non-eligible in accordance with Section 4.31 of Annexes I and II to 
Delegated Regulation 2021/2139 in the denominator of the applicable KPI
—
 — 
Amount and proportion of other taxonomy-non-eligible economic activities not referred to in rows 1 to 6 above in the denominator of the applicable 
KPI
176,836
 98.55 
Total amount and proportion of taxonomy-non-eligible economic activities in the denominator of the applicable KPI
176,836
 98.55 
Consolidated Management Report Consolidated Non-financial Information Statement
351
This English version is a translation of the original in Spanish for information purposes only. In case of a discrepancy, the Spanish original will prevail.

TEMPLATE FOR THE KEY RESULTS INDICATOR OF INSURANCE AND REINSURANCE UNDERTAKINGS (INVESTMENTS)
Indicator
AV (Mm EUR)
%
The weighted average value of all the investments of insurance or reinsurance undertakings that are 
directed at funding, or are associated with Taxonomy-aligned economic activities relative to the value of 
total assets covered by the KPI, with following weights for investments in undertakings per below:
Turnover-based: %
88.4
 2.5 
CapEx-based: %
158.0
 4.4 
The percentage of assets covered by the KPI relative to total investments of insurance or reinsurance 
undertakings (total AuM). Excluding investments in sovereign entities.
Coverage ratio: %
3,582.7
 25.9 
Additional, complementary disclosures: breakdown of denominator of the KPI
Additional, complementary disclosures: breakdown of denominator of the KPI
%
—
 — 
The proportion of exposures to financial and non- financial undertakings not subject to Articles 19a and 
29a of Directive 2013/34/EU over total assets covered by the KPI
For non financial undertakings: %
38.2
 1.1 
For financial undertakings: %
982.0
 27.4 
The proportion of exposures to financial and non- financial undertakings from non-EU countries not 
subject to Articles 19a and 29a of Directive 2013/34/EU over total assets covered by the KPI
For non financial undertakings: %
257.8
 7.2 
For financial undertakings: %
66.8
 1.9 
The proportion of exposures to financial and non- financial undertakings subject to Articles 19a and 29a of 
Directive 2013/34/EU over total assets covered by the KPI
For non financial undertakings: %
584.9
 16.3 
For financial undertakings: %
1,163.3
 32.5 
The proportion of exposures to other counterparties and assets over total assets covered by the KPI
%
489.6
 13.7 
The proportion of the insurance or reinsurance undertaking’s investments other than investments held in 
respect of life insurance contracts where the investment risk is borne by the policy holders, that are 
directed at funding, or are associated with, Taxonomy-aligned economic activities
%
3,468.2
 96.8 
The value of all the investments that are funding economic activities that are not Taxonomy- eligible 
relative to the value of total assets covered by the KPI
%
3,097.5
 86.5 
The value of all the investments that are funding Taxonomy-eligible economic activities, but not 
Taxonomy-aligned relative to the value of total assets covered by the KPI
%
362.0
 10.1 
Additional, complementary disclosures: breakdown of numerator of the KPI
The proportion of Taxonomy-aligned exposures to financial and non-financial undertakings subject to 
Articles 19a and 29a of Directive 2013/34/EU over total assets covered by the KPI
Non-financial undertakings  over the business
volume: %
70.8
 2.0 
Financial undertakings over the business
volume:: %
17.6
 0.5 
Non-financial undertakings  over the
CapEx: %
134.8
 3.8 
Financial undertakings over the 
CapEx: %
23.1
 0.6 
The proportion of the insurance or reinsurance undertaking’s investments other than investments held in 
respect of life insurance contracts where the investment risk is borne by the policy holders, that are 
directed at funding, or are associated with, Taxonomy-aligned
Turnover-based: %
86.7
 2.4 
CapEx-based: %
153.9
 4.3 
The proportion of Taxonomy-aligned exposures to other counterparties and assets over total assets 
covered by the KPI
Turnover-based: %
—
 — 
CapEx-based: %
—
 — 
Consolidated Management Report Consolidated Non-financial Information Statement
352
This English version is a translation of the original in Spanish for information purposes only. In case of a discrepancy, the Spanish original will prevail.

Breakdown of the numerator of the KPI per environmental objective
Taxonomy-aligned activities – provided ‘do-not-significant-harm’(DNSH) and social safeguards positive assessment
1) Climate change mitigation
Total over the turnover: %
86.2
 2.4 
Total over the CapEx volume: % 
155.0
 4.3 
Transition activities over the business
volume: % 
4.2
 0.1 
Transition activities over the CapEx volume:
%
10.6
 0.3 
Facilitating activities over the business
volume: % 
75.3
 2.1 
Facilitating activities over the CapEx volume:
%
98.1
 2.7 
2) Climate change adaptation
Total over the turnover: %
0.5
 — 
Total over the CapEx volume: % 
1.0
 — 
Facilitating activities over the business
volume: % 
0.3
 — 
Facilitating activities over the CapEx volume:
%
1.0
 — 
3) The sustainable use and protection of water and marine resources
Total over the turnover: %
0.8
 — 
Total over the CapEx volume: % 
1.5
 — 
Facilitating activities over the business
volume: % 
—
 — 
Facilitating activities over the CapEx volume:
%
—
 — 
4) The transition to a circular economy
Total over the turnover: %
0.4
 — 
Total over the CapEx volume: % 
0.2
 — 
Facilitating activities over the business
volume: % 
0.4
 — 
Facilitating activities over the CapEx volume:
%
0.2
 — 
5) Pollution prevention and control
Total over the turnover: %
0.1
 — 
Total over the CapEx volume: % 
0.1
 — 
Facilitating activities over the business
volume: % 
—
 — 
Facilitating activities over the CapEx volume:
%
—
 — 
Consolidated Management Report Consolidated Non-financial Information Statement
353
This English version is a translation of the original in Spanish for information purposes only. In case of a discrepancy, the Spanish original will prevail.

6) The protection and restoration of biodiversity and ecosystems
Total over the turnover: %
0.4
 — 
Total over the CapEx volume: % 
0.2
 — 
Facilitating activities over the business
volume: % 
0.4
 — 
Facilitating activities over the CapEx volume:
%
0.2
 — 
Consolidated Management Report Consolidated Non-financial Information Statement
354
This English version is a translation of the original in Spanish for information purposes only. In case of a discrepancy, the Spanish original will prevail.

TEMPLATE FOR THE KPI OF ASSET MANAGERS
Indicator
IM (Mm EUR)
%
The weighted average value of all the investments that are directed at funding, or are associated with 
taxonomy-aligned economic activities relative to the value of total assets covered by the KPI, with 
following weights for investments in undertakings per below
Turnover-based: %
618.6
 0.3 
CapEx-based: %
1,137.6
 0.6 
The percentage of assets covered by the KPI relative to total investments (total AuM). Excluding 
investments in sovereign entities
Coverage ratio: %
179,437.0
 85.7 
Additional, complementary disclosures: breakdown of denominator of the KPI
The percentage of derivatives relative to total assets covered by the KPI
%
N.D.
N.D.
The proportion of exposures to EU financial and non-financial undertakings not subject to Articles 19a and 
29a of Directive 2013/34/EU over total assets covered by the KPI
For non financial undertakings: %
643.9
 0.4 
For financial undertakings: %
1,375.7
 0.8 
The proportion of exposures to financial and nonfinancial undertakings from non-EU countries not subject 
to Articles 19a and 29a of Directive 2013/34/EU over total assets covered by the KPI
For non financial undertakings: %
6,773.0
 3.8 
For financial undertakings: %
2,620.2
 1.5 
The proportion of exposures to financial and nonfinancial undertakings subject to Articles 19a and 29a of 
Directive 2013/34/EU over total assets covered by the KPI
For non financial undertakings: %
3,512.0
 2.0 
For financial undertakings: %
4,081.2
 2.3 
The proportion of exposures to other counterparties and assets over total assets covered by the KPI
%
160,431.0
 89.4 
The value of all the investments that are funding economic activities that are not taxonomyeligible relative 
to the value of total assets covered by the KPI
%
176,914.5
 98.6 
The value of all investments that finance taxonomy-eligible economic activities, but do not fit into the 
taxonomy, relative to the value of total assets covered by the KPI
%
1,904.1
 1.1 
Additional, complementary disclosures: breakdown of numerator of the KPI
The proportion of Taxonomy-aligned exposures to financial and non-financial undertakings subject to 
Articles 19a and 29a of Directive 2013/34/EU over total assets covered by the KPI
Non-financial undertakings  over the business
volume: %
517.2
 0.3 
Financial undertakings over the business
volume:: %
101.2
 0.1 
Non-financial undertakings  over the
CapEx: %
955.4
 0.5 
Financial undertakings over the 
CapEx: %
181.9
 0.1 
The proportion of taxonomy-aligned exposures to other counterparties and assets over total assets 
covered by the KPI
Turnover-based: %
—
 — 
CapEx-based: %
—
 — 
Breakdown of the numerator of the KPI per environmental objective
Taxonomy-aligned activities-
Consolidated Management Report Consolidated Non-financial Information Statement
355
This English version is a translation of the original in Spanish for information purposes only. In case of a discrepancy, the Spanish original will prevail.

1) Climate change mitigation
Total over the turnover: %
617.3
 0.3 
Total over the CapEx volume: % 
1,135.3
 0.6 
Transition activities over the business
volume: % 
35.4
 — 
Transition activities over the CapEx volume:
%
48.3
 — 
Facilitating activities over the business
volume: % 
309.9
 0.2 
Facilitating activities over the CapEx volume:
%
578.3
 0.3 
2) Climate change adaptation
Total over the turnover: %
1.3
 — 
Total over the CapEx volume: % 
2.3
 — 
Facilitating activities over the business
volume: % 
0.6
 — 
Facilitating activities over the CapEx volume:
%
0.2
 — 
3) The sustainable use and protection of water and marine resources
Total over the turnover: %
N.A.
N.A.
Total over the CapEx volume: % 
N.A.
N.A.
Facilitating activities over the business
volume: % 
N.A.
N.A.
Facilitating activities over the CapEx volume:
%
N.A.
N.A.
4) The transition to a circular economy
Total over the turnover: %
N.A.
N.A.
Total over the CapEx volume: % 
N.A.
N.A.
Facilitating activities over the business
volume: % 
N.A.
N.A.
Facilitating activities over the CapEx volume:
%
N.A.
N.A.
5) Pollution prevention and control
Total over the turnover: %
N.A.
N.A.
Total over the CapEx volume: % 
N.A.
N.A.
Facilitating activities over the business
volume: % 
N.A.
N.A.
Facilitating activities over the CapEx volume:
%
N.A.
N.A.
Consolidated Management Report Consolidated Non-financial Information Statement
356
This English version is a translation of the original in Spanish for information purposes only. In case of a discrepancy, the Spanish original will prevail.

6) The protection and restoration of biodiversity and ecosystems
Total over the turnover: %
N.A.
N.A.
Total over the CapEx volume: % 
N.A.
N.A.
Facilitating activities over the business
volume: % 
N.A.
N.A.
Facilitating activities over the CapEx volume:
%
N.A.
N.A.
Consolidated Management Report Consolidated Non-financial Information Statement
357
This English version is a translation of the original in Spanish for information purposes only. In case of a discrepancy, the Spanish original will prevail.

Financial information
1 BBVA Group
1.1 Main data 
1.2 Macroeconomic and regulatory environment
1.3 Results
1.4 Balance sheet and business activity
1.5 Solvency
1.6 The BBVA share
2 Business areas
2.1 Spain
2.2 Mexico
2.3 Turkey
2.4 South America
2.5 Rest of Business
2.6 Corporate Center
2.7 Other pro forma information: Corporate & Investment Banking
Consolidated Management Report Financial information
358
This English version is a translation of the original in Spanish for information purposes only. In case of a discrepancy, the Spanish original will prevail.

1.
BBVA Group
1.1
Main data
BBVA GROUP MAIN DATA (CONSOLIDATED FIGURES)
31-12-24
∆ %
31-12-23
31-12-22
Balance sheet (millions of euros) ⁽¹⁾
Total assets
772,402
(0.4)
775,558
712,092
Loans and advances to customers (gross)
424,087
9.0
388,912
368,588
Deposits from customers
447,646
8.3
413,487
394,404
Total customer funds
640,251
10.8
577,853
544,576
Total equity
60,014
8.6
55,265
50,517
Income statement (millions of euros) ⁽¹⁾
Net interest income
25,267
9.4
23,089
19,124
Gross income
35,481
20.1
29,542
24,743
Operating income 
21,288
23.5
17,233
14,042
Net attributable profit (loss)
10,054
25.4
8,019
6,358
The BBVA share and share performance ratios
Number of shares outstanding (million)
5,763
(1.3)
5,838
6,030
Share price (euros)
9.45
14.9
8.23
5.63
Adjusted earning (loss) per share (euros) ⁽¹⁾⁽²⁾
1.68
27.7
1.32
1.04
Earning (loss) per share (euros) ⁽¹⁾⁽²⁾
1.68
30.0
1.29
0.98
Book value per share (euros) ⁽¹⁾⁽²⁾
9.67
9.1
8.86
7.78
Tangible book value per share (euros) ⁽¹⁾⁽²⁾
9.24
9.2
8.46
7.43
Market capitalization (millions of euros)
54,463
13.4
48,023
33,974
Significant ratios (%)
ROE (net attributable profit (loss)/average shareholders' funds +/- average 
accumulated other comprehensive income) ⁽¹⁾⁽²⁾
18.9
16.2
14.4
ROTE (net attributable profit (loss)/average shareholders' funds excluding average 
intangible assets +/- average accumulated other comprehensive income) ⁽¹⁾⁽²⁾
19.7
17.0
15.1
ROA (profit (loss) for the period / average total assets - ATA) ⁽¹⁾⁽²⁾
1.36
1.12
0.99
RORWA (profit (loss) for the period / average risk-weighted assets - RWA) ⁽¹⁾⁽²⁾
2.76
2.38
2.06
Efficiency ratio ⁽¹⁾⁽²⁾
40.0
41.7
43.2
Cost of risk ⁽¹⁾⁽²⁾
1.43
1.15
0.91
NPL ratio ⁽¹⁾⁽²⁾
3.0
3.4
3.4
NPL coverage ratio ⁽¹⁾⁽²⁾
80
77
81
Capital adequacy ratios (%)
CET1 fully loaded 
12.88
12.67
12.61
CET1 phased-in ⁽³⁾
12.88
12.67
12.68
Total ratio phased-in ⁽³⁾ 
16.90
16.58
15.98
Other information
Number of active customers (million) ⁽⁴⁾
77.2
6.5
72.5
68.2
Number of shareholders ⁽⁵⁾
714,069
(3.8)
742,194
801,216
Number of employees
125,916
3.6
121,486
115,675
Number of branches 
5,749
(3.4)
5,949
6,040
Number of ATMs 
30,391
0.3
30,301
29,807
⁽¹⁾ Balances as of 31-12-2022 revised according to IFRS 17 - Insurance contracts.
⁽²⁾ For more information, see Alternative Performance Measures at this report.
⁽³⁾ Phased-in ratios include the temporary treatment on the impact of IFRS 9, calculated in accordance with Article 473 bis amendments of the Capital Requirements Regulation 
(CRR), introduced by the Regulation (EU) 2020/873. For 2022 in this table, there is a difference between phased-in and fully loaded ratios due to the aforementioned temporary 
treatment.
⁽⁴⁾ Reported figures include clients from Italy, as well as an adjustment for homogenization of criteria in Peru and Venezuela with the rest of the countries. In Argentina, the 
concepts of “total customers” and, therefore, “active customers” have been revised due to the transition to a new data source.
⁽⁵⁾ See footnote to table of structural distribution of shareholders in "The BBVA share" chapter of this report.
Consolidated Management Report Financial information
359
This English version is a translation of the original in Spanish for information purposes only. In case of a discrepancy, the Spanish original will prevail.

1.2 Macroeconomic and regulatory environment
Macroeconomic and sectoral environment and outlook
Economic growth remained relatively solid in 2024, mainly in the United States and in the services sector. BBVA Research estimates 
that global GDP expanded by around 3.2% in 2024, slightly above (3.1%) the forecast three months ago. This strength comes in an 
environment where the public expenditure was, in general, high and labor markets remained dynamic. In a context marked by general 
restrictive monetary conditions, despite the process of interest rates cuts, inflation moderated during 2024. This downward trend 
was supported by a moderation in energy prices (despite geopolitical tensions in some producing regions), and some productivity 
gains (at least in the United States). Inflation also remains above the target in many geographical areas, mainly in the United States 
and, pushed down by services prices. The main exception is China, where the process of structural moderation in growth, particularly 
in domestic demand, has contributed to very low and slightly positive inflation.
Policies adopted by the new administration in the United States, on which there is high uncertainty, will be key in 2025. The 
expectation of additional protectionist measures and high fiscal deficits would put upward pressure on inflation and downward 
pressure on growth, according to BBVA Research. Thus, despite recent resilience, US growth would moderate from 2.7% in 2024 (20 
basis points above the previous forecast) to 2.0% in 2025 (10 basis points below the previous forecast). The likely upturn in inflation, 
which closed 2024 at 2.9%, will reduce the scope for the Federal Reserve (hereinafter FED) to ease monetary conditions further. In 
particular, interest rates, which were cut from 5.5% to 4.5% during 2024, would converge to around 4.0% during the first half of 
2025, remaining at these relatively high levels during the second half of the year, which, among other things, would contribute to the 
strength of the US dollar.
The possible increase in tariffs in the US would be a negative shock to the global economy, whose GDP would moderate to around 
3.1% in 2025 (20 basis points lower than previously expected). In particular, it would add to the structural challenges that China and 
the Eurozone currently face. In this context, BBVA Research forecasts that Eurozone GDP will expand by 1.0% in 2025 (40 basis 
points lower than previously forecast), having grown by 0.8% in 2024 (10 basis points higher than previously forecast), and that 
growth in China will moderate to 4.1% in 2025 (10 basis points lower than previously forecast) from 4.8% in 2024 (20 basis points 
higher than previously forecast). The relative weakness of economic activity would contribute to inflation remaining contained at 
around 2.0% in the Eurozone and remaining low in China. Against this macroeconomic environment, additional interest rate cuts are 
likely to be seen in both regions. In particular, in the Eurozone, the European Central Bank (hereinafter ECB), which cut deposit facility 
rates from 4.0% to 3.0% in the course of 2024, is expected to cut them further to around 2.0% in mid-2025.
Both geopolitical factors, including a further escalation of conflicts in Ukraine or the Middle East, and possible policies of the new US 
administration, such as those related to foreign trade, migration flows and fiscal policy, create risks for the global macroeconomic 
environment. In particular, they increase the risk that inflation, and thus interest rates, will remain higher than expected. In addition, 
they raise the risk of lower than expected GDP growth as well as macroeconomic and financial volatility. 
REAL GDP GROWTH AND INFLATION (REAL PERCENTAGE GROWTH) IN 2024 AND  ESTIMATES FOR 2025
2024
2025
GDP
INFLATION
GDP
INFLATION
World
3.20
5.60
3.10
4.00
Eurozone
0.80
2.40
1.00
1.90
Spain
3.10
2.80
2.30
2.10
The United States
2.70
2.90
2.00
3.40
Mexico
1.20
4.20
1.00
3.50
South America (1)
1.70
22.30
2.50
8.70
Turkey
3.20
44.40
2.50
26.50
China
4.80
0.10
4.10
0.70
Source: BBVA Research estimates. Inflation end of period.
(1) It includes Argentina, Brazil, Chile, Colombia, Paraguay, Peru and Uruguay.
Consolidated Management Report Financial information
360
This English version is a translation of the original in Spanish for information purposes only. In case of a discrepancy, the Spanish original will prevail.

Exchange rate evolution
The performance of the Group's main currencies during 2024 has been uneven. Due to its relevance for the Group, it should be noted 
the evolution of the Mexican peso, which has depreciated 13.1% against the euro with emphasis after the June 2024 presidential 
elections. Turkish lira also experienced a relevant depreciation (11.1%), although is much less than the cost of hedging the currency. 
For its part, the US dollar appreciated 6.4% in the year, with a revaluation in the last quarter of 7.8% mainly due to the United States 
elections. 
Peruvian sol also appreciated by 5.2%. On the other hand, the Colombian and Argentinean peso depreciated 7.8% and 16.8% 
respectively, against the euro.
For information on the BBVA Group's exchange rate risk management policies, see the "Risk Management" chapter of this report. 
EXCHANGE RATES 
Year-end exchange rates
Average exchange rates
Currency/Euro
∆ % of the 
currency 
against
∆ % of the 
currency 
against
Currency/Euro
∆ % of the 
currency 
against
31-12-24
31-12-23
30-09-24
2024
2023
U.S. dollar
1.0389
6.4
7.8
1.0822
(0.1)
Mexican peso
21.5504
(13.1)
2.0
19.8220
(3.2)
Turkish lira ⁽¹⁾
36.7372
(11.1)
4.2
—
—
Peruvian sol
3.9027
5.2
6.3
4.0546
(0.3)
Argentine peso ⁽¹⁾
1,072.66
(16.8)
1.3
—
—
Chilean peso
1,035.22
(5.6)
(3.1)
1,020.53
(11.0)
Colombian peso
4,580.67
(7.8)
1.8
4,405.47
6.2
⁽¹⁾ According to IAS 21 "The effects of changes in foreign exchange rates", the year-end exchange rate is used for the conversion of the Turkey and Argentina income statement. 
Regulatory environment 2024: Banking package, increased role of 
capital markets union, sustainable finance and digital regulation
2024 was the year for finalizing the capital framework reform (Basel III), which in Europe was reflected in the banking package (CRR 
III/ CRD VI). The regulatory environment also continued to advance in all areas related to ESG criteria: prudential treatment, reporting 
and disclosure, due diligence and mitigation and prevention of Greenwashing. In turn, digitization remains a priority for the 
authorities, as well as the promotion of capital markets and the prevention of money laundering (AML).
1. Prudential framework
At the international level, in the prudential sphere, and within the context of the post-crisis reforms (Basel III), the publication in July 
by the Basel Committee on Banking Supervision (BCBS) of a disclosure framework for crypto-asset exposures, which also included 
revisions to the prudential standard for stablecoins holdings, stands out. The framework is due to be implemented in January 2026. In 
addition, the BCBS published guidance for consultation on counterparty credit risk (CCR) management that includes key practices to 
address industry deficiencies in this area and, finally, the revision of its standard on interest rate risk in the trading book (IRRBB).
Regarding the implementation of the reform of the Basel III framework in Europe, the final versions of the so-called banking package, 
containing the reform of the Capital Requirements Regulation100 (CRR III) and the Capital Requirements Directive101 (CRD VI), were 
published in the Official Journal of the European Union (OJEU) on June 19, 2024. 
The CRR III will apply from January 1, 2025, except for certain articles mostly related to European Banking Authority (EBA) mandates, 
which took effect earlier (July 2024), and the market risk component, whose implementation has been postponed by one year. 
Regarding CRD VI, European Union (EU) member states have 18 months to incorporate the Directive into their national legislation, 
after which CRD VI will take effect the next year, on January 1, 2026.
On specific areas of the regulatory package, it is worth noting that in the market risk section, the European Commission (EC) has 
activated the delegated act under Article 461a of CRR III to delay the implementation of the new FRTB (Fundamental Review of the 
Trading Book) framework until January 2026 as a capital requirement. Additionally, concerning crypto-asset provisions, the banking 
package introduced a transitional prudential treatment for these exposures. A new legislative proposal for permanent prudential 
treatment is expected to be presented by June 30, 2025.
Consolidated Management Report Financial information
361
This English version is a translation of the original in Spanish for information purposes only. In case of a discrepancy, the Spanish original will prevail.
100 Regulation (EU) 2024/1623 of the European Parliament and of the Council of 31 May 2024 amending Regulation (EU) No 575/2013 as regards requirements for credit risk, 
credit valuation adjustment risk, operational risk, market risk and the output floor.
101 Directive (EU) 2024/1640 of the European Parliament and of the Council of 31 May 2024 on the mechanisms to be put in place by Member States for the prevention of the use 
of the financial system for the purposes of money laundering or terrorist financing, amending Directive (EU) 2019/1937, and amending and repealing Directive (EU) 2015/849.

For the implementation of the aforementioned regulatory package, the EBA has around 140 mandates from CRR III and CRD VI to 
develop Level 2 and Level 3 legislation (RTS, ITS, and guidelines) to facilitate the application of the regulations. Of particular 
importance is the EBA's final report on the Implementing Technical Standards (ITS) for entity disclosures, which were approved by 
the Commission and published in the OJEU as a Regulation at the end of December, and which include changes to the Pillar 3 
framework. These changes encompass new and revised disclosure requirements for the output floor, crypto-assets (transitional 
treatment to be replaced by a definitive one before mid-2025, including review by the BCBS), credit valuation adjustment (CVA) risk, 
credit risk, market risk, and operational risk, as well as minor modifications to the leverage ratio. These ITS will apply from January 1, 
2025. Moreover, the EBA has already published several consultations in 2024 regarding credit risk (off-balance-sheet items, default 
definition, etc.), market risk, operational risk, sustainability, and reporting and disclosures, for which the final text is still pending 
publication.
Finally, regarding the progress of these reforms in other jurisdictions, it should be highlighted that in the United Kingdom, the final 
Basel III rules were published in September 2024 and will begin to apply in January 2026, with a four-year gradual transition period to 
ensure full implementation by January 1, 2030. In the United States, the outlook regarding the Basel reforms is very uncertain. 
However, what is known is the intention of the competent authorities to present a new proposal (to be submitted for consultation), 
although the expected date of publication of this draft and the consequent implementation of the reforms is unknown.
Meanwhile, in 2024, other work in the EU with prudential implications, in this case by the European Central Bank (hereinafter ECB), 
will be of note: the update of the Internal Models Guide detailing how institutions should include material climate and environmental 
risks in their internal models and providing clarifications for institutions wishing to revert to the standard method for calculating their 
risk-weighted assets; the final version of the RDARR Guide (data aggregation and risk reporting), which aims to help institutions 
strengthen their capabilities, based on practices and the main weaknesses observed in the industry; and finally, the Governance and 
Risk Culture Guide (which sets out supervisors' expectations on the composition and functioning of management bodies and 
committees, and defines the tasks and responsibilities of internal control functions, among other issues).
Finally, in Spain, the entry into force of Bank of Spain (hereinafter, BdE, for its acronym in Spanish) Circular 1/2024 of January 26 is 
noteworthy. This Circular consists of five rules that update the regulations in relation to the information on capital structure that 
certain institutions must report, including acquisitions, increases and reductions of shareholdings in institutions. 
2. Crisis management framework
At the global level, the Financial Stability Board (FSB) updated its standards to ensure that resolution authorities have access to a set 
of tools to support the resolution of central counterparties (CCPs).
In Europe, the Single Resolution Board (SRB) published a new package containing Minimum Bail-in Data Templates (MBDT) and 
released its 2024 MREL policy. This policy allows adjustments in calibrating the Market Confidence Charge (MCC) and monitoring 
eligibility, among other changes. Meanwhile, the EBA published two consultations, one on the resolution plan reporting framework 
and another on independent evaluators. The EBA also released a monitoring report on AT1, T2, and TLAC/MREL instruments, 
suggesting that capital instruments (AT1 and T2) should have a prudential valuation reflecting their loss absorption capacity. It 
recommended using the carrying amount instead of the nominal for prudential matters and left open the possibility of extending this 
treatment to MREL-eligible instruments for resolution, a decision for the European resolution authority.
Regarding the proposal presented by the EC in 2023 on the reform of the crisis management and deposit insurance (CMDI) 
framework, the legislative process remains under negotiation. The European Parliament (EP) reached its position in April, and the 
European Council followed in June. However, no common position has been reached in trilogues. Finally, the EP’s ECON committee 
approved its position on creating a European Deposit Insurance Scheme (EDIS). However, the text has yet to be debated in a plenary 
session.
3. Macroprudential framework
Globally, the BCBS launched a consultation on the possibility of requiring banks to report information on G-SIB (Global Systemically 
Important Banks) indicators using daily data averages. Additionally, the FSB, as part of its work plan to improve the resilience of non-
bank financial intermediaries (NBFIs), published a follow-up report recommending policies to address financial stability risks arising 
from leverage and liquidity issues in NBFIs.
At the European level, early in the year, the EC published a report reviewing macroprudential policy. The report highlighted the need to 
revise the macroprudential framework for banks and NBFIs, acknowledging existing challenges in addressing systemic risks. In May, 
the EC launched a consultation to assess the adequacy of macroprudential policies for non-bank financial intermediation (NBFI). 
Furthermore, several European institutions issued reports supporting the use of macroprudential tools to address climate-related 
systemic risks.
Finally, in Spain, the BdE approved a revised framework for setting the countercyclical capital buffer (CCyB) applicable to institutions 
for their exposures in Spain. The CCyB percentage in effect as of the fourth quarter of 2024 is set at 0.5%, applicable from October 1, 
2025. Subsequently, if cyclical systemic risks remain at a standard level, the CCyB percentage is expected to rise to 1% starting from 
the fourth quarter of 2025 (applicable from October 1, 2026).
4. ESG Regulation: Disclosure & reporting
In the field of ESG (Environmental, Social and Governance), at a global level, notable progress has been made by the BCBS in a 
Disclosure framework for climate-related financial risk with the publication of a consultation on the disclosure framework for these 
risks under Pillar 3. 
Consolidated Management Report Financial information
362
This English version is a translation of the original in Spanish for information purposes only. In case of a discrepancy, the Spanish original will prevail.

Regarding the prudential framework, the EBA published a consultation on its guidelines for ESG risk management. This consultation 
responds to the mandate set out in Article 87a of the CRD. The EBA expects to finalize the guidelines at the beginning of 2025. The 
guidelines set out requirements on internal processes and ESG risk management, to ensure the resilience of the business model and 
risk profile of institutions in the short (3 years), medium (3-5 years) and long term (at least 10 years). Additionally, the EC report on 
the review of the prudential framework explores the possibility of extending the macroprudential framework to cover ESG risks.
Meanwhile, in Europe, the gradual implementation (2024-28) of the Corporate Sustainability Reporting Directive (CSRD), which aims 
to improve the quality and comparability of the sustainability reports of companies subject to this regulation, has begun. In this 
regard, as of January 1, 2024, the European Sustainability Reporting Standards (hereinafter, ESRS) apply to all companies subject to 
the CSRD. Additionally, the European Financial Reporting Advisory Group (EFRAG) published three guides to assist companies and 
other stakeholders in the implementation of the (ESRS), which affect all stakeholders subject to the Directive. The guides relate to (i) 
the materiality assessment, (ii) the value chain and (iii) ESRS data points. As of the closing date of this report, the CSRD has not yet 
been transposed into Spanish law.
In the United States, in March 2024, the SEC published its final rules for Improving and Standardizing Disclosure of Climate-Related 
Information for Investors. As of the closing date of this report, the rule is stalled, pending the resolution of several legal challenges. 
However, as of the closing date of this report, the rule is stalled, due to pending legal challenges. 
Regarding due diligence issues, the European Corporate Sustainability Due Diligence Directive (CSDDD), was published in the OJEU in 
July 2024. This directive establishes a framework for large companies to ensure compliance with human rights and environmental 
standards across their operations, those of their subsidiaries and those in their value chain. The CSDDD also requires the adoption 
and implementation of a climate transition plan in line with the Paris Agreement. In the case of financial services, the directive will 
affect their upstream value chains (suppliers directly related to the provision of the service) but not downstream (customers). The 
Directive entered into force in July and Member States must adopt and publish its transposition at the latest two years after its entry 
into force. Article 36 of the Directive establishes a review clause on the need to establish additional due diligence requirements for the 
financial sector, with regard to the provision of financial services and investment activities, which could involve the inclusion of 
monitoring of their clients.
Regarding greenwashing risks, the final report of the European Supervisory Authorities (EBA, ESMA and EIOPA, hereinafter ESAs) 
was published in June, which included a high-level definition of greenwashing and a set of recommendations for institutions, 
regulators and supervisors. 
Finally, in Spain, the Ministry of Economy, Trade, and Enterprise launched a consultation on the Green Finance Green Paper. This 
strategic document aims to guide the private sector’s adaptation to the sustainable finance framework. Among the suggested actions 
is the establishment of a Sustainable Finance Council as a public-private coordination forum.
5. Capital markets development
Revitalizing the Capital Markets Union (CMU) is one of the EU's major priorities for the next political cycle. The publication of several 
reports in 2024, such as the Letta Report, the Noyer Report, and the Draghi Report, highlights its significant political importance. 
These reports analyze the current state of the CMU and propose various initiatives to reinvigorate the European capital market. Key 
regulatory initiatives in 2024, the following are worth highlighting:
1.
MiFID/MiFIR: Numerous legislative texts have been revised. First, the legislative process on the retail investment strategy, 
known as the Retail Investment Strategy, aims to protect retail investors in EU capital markets by providing greater 
transparency and clarity. Interinstitutional negotiations for its adoption began in November 2024. Secondly, the MiFID 
Review initiative seeks to create a more transparent market with better information availability (Consolidated Tape) and 
enhance the competitiveness of entities through the simplification of regulatory processes. The amended Regulation took 
effect on March 28, 2024, while the transposition deadline for the Directive amendments is set for September 29, 2025.
2.
Listing Act: Approved in October 2024, this package modifies the Prospectus Regulation, the Market Abuse Regulation, and 
the MiFID/MiFIR Directive and Regulation. It aims to increase the attractiveness and accessibility of European capital 
markets for companies. Progressive application is expected over the next two years.
3.
EMIR: The EMIR 3.0 proposal was published in November 2024. In December, modifications to transparency requirements 
and new exemptions began to apply, while the active account requirement will be mandatory from June 2025. This last 
requirement introduces the obligation to clear a representative part of the activity in interest rate derivatives denominated 
in EUR and PLN (Polish zloty) in EU clearing houses, as well as different monitoring, reporting and stress testing 
requirements. Additionally, in April 2024, prior amendments to the Regulation (EMIR Refit) concerning contract reporting to 
trade repositories took effect.
4.
Benchmark Regulation: At the end of 2023, the EC proposed amendments to the BMR (Benchmark Regulation) aligned with 
objectives to simplify reporting and streamline regulatory burdens. Key measures include eliminating authorization and 
supervision requirements for administrators of non-significant benchmarks and prohibiting the use of certain FX spot 
benchmarks administered by third-country entities exceeding a specified threshold. In October, the EP approved the 
mandate to initiate interinstitutional negotiations.
5.
Securitization Framework Reform: As part of initiatives to advance the CMU, the EC launched a consultation on reforming 
the EU securitization framework. The document reviews various aspects of the Securitization Regulation and prudential 
framework, seeking feedback on a wide range of issues to revitalize the European securitization market. Additionally, the 
FSB issued a consultation on the effects of G20 regulatory reforms on the securitization framework, with the final report 
expected by the end of 2024.
Consolidated Management Report Financial information
363
This English version is a translation of the original in Spanish for information purposes only. In case of a discrepancy, the Spanish original will prevail.

6.
ELTIFs: The new Regulation for European Long-Term Investment Funds (ELTIFs) came into effect in January 2024. The 
Regulation aims to make these funds more attractive to professional and retail investors and facilitate long-term 
investments. In October, the EC published Delegated Regulation (EU) 2024/2759, which complements the ELTIfs 
Regulation.
Internationally, the most significant development in 2024 was the transition to a T+1 settlement cycle in the United States, Canada, 
Mexico, and Argentina at the end of May. This transition, aimed at reducing counterparty risk and collateral funding, will likely be 
replicated in the EU, the UK, and Switzerland by the end of 2027.
In the UK, the FCA (Financial Conduct Authority) continues to adapt post-Brexit legislation with an agenda closely aligned with that of 
the EU. Among the most notable initiatives are redefining the deferrals and attributes framework for post-trade transparency and the 
Systematic Internalizer regime. While aligned with the EU's objectives, this reform introduces divergence from the MiFIR Review 
proposal. Additionally, the replacement of the PRIIPs Regulation (Packaged Retail Investment and Insurance-based Products) by a 
new framework, called Consumer Composite Investments (CCI), which allows for more flexibility in disclosure requirements, including 
costs, is being considered.
Moreover, the PRA (Prudential Regulation Authority) published a consultation on the reformulation of CRR provisions incorporated 
into the PRA Rulebook, with significant changes related to securitization requirements.
In the US, aiming to reduce counterparty risk and increase transparency in the US Treasury market, the SEC approved a reform of the 
Securities Exchange Act at the end of 2023. This reform mandates clearing for all member entities of a Covered Clearing Agency 
(CCA). This obligation will take effect in December 2025 for cash transactions and June 2026 for repo operations.
In Spain, the Ministry of Economy, Trade, and Enterprise launched a consultation on the ministerial order regulating securities 
lending. This order aims to complement necessary legislative developments to allow collective investment institutions (CIIs) to 
engage in securities lending to achieve additional returns. While this practice is generally permitted across Europe, Spain has faced 
multiple unsuccessful attempts to implement it.
6. Regulation in the context of the financial sector's digital transformation: Artificial 
Intelligence, data, payments, digital identity, central bank digital currency, crypto-assets, 
and operational resilience.
In 2024, digitalization remained a priority for European authorities, who continued implementing the digital strategy defined by the 
European Commission (EC) in 2020. The strategy's fundamental pillars include the development and regulation of Artificial 
Intelligence (AI) and the enhancement of data usage.
Regarding the first pillar, the first Regulation governing AI was approved mid-year in the EU, establishing a set of obligations based on 
the use and associated risks of AI systems. Most obligations, including those related to high-risk use cases such as credit scoring for 
individuals and life and health insurance, will apply from August 2026. Obligations for general-purpose AI will begin to apply in August 
2025. On a sector-specific note, the EC conducted a consultation to analyze the specific impact of this technology on financial 
services and the applicable regulatory framework.
For the second pillar, negotiations continued on the EC's proposal for a new Financial Data Access Regulation (FIDA), which includes 
obligations for financial institutions to facilitate data sharing with authorized third parties for savings, credit, and investment products.
Concerning other legislative initiatives, the new Payment Services Regulation (PSR) and Directive (PSD3) replacing PSD2 and the E-
Money Directive, remain under negotiation in the European Parliament and Council. The PSR will update the requirements applicable 
to payment services in the EU, introducing significant changes in fraud prevention and account access services (open banking). The 
Instant Payments Regulation came into force in April 2024 and aims to ensure instant payments are fully available by the end of 2025 
for consumers and businesses across all EU and EEA countries.
At the international level, the G20’s Roadmap for enhancing cross-border payments, launched in 2020, continued to progress, as 
highlighted in the latest FSB progress report published in October 2024. Although the KPIs are still far from being achieved, advances 
have been made in key actions. However, greater public and private sector efforts are needed to meet the goals set for 2027. During 
2025, efforts will focus on strengthening collaboration between public and private actors, finalizing FSB and CPMI recommendations, 
promoting broader data and messaging standardization, and supporting projects to interconnect payment systems.
Additionally, the European Regulation on electronic identification and trust services in electronic transactions (eIDAS2) came into 
force in 2024. This regulation obliges Member States to create digital identity wallets for citizens by December 2026. Companies 
required to perform strong customer authentication for electronic identification, including financial services, will have an additional 
twelve months to begin accepting these wallets. Notably, the EC conducted a consultation in 2024 on a series of implementing acts 
specifying technical details under the Regulation.
Furthermore, the European project for a potential issuance of a digital euro — a central bank digital currency (CBDC) for retail use —
also progressed last year. On one hand, the European Commission's proposal to establish the legal framework for the potential digital 
euro, outlining its main features and distribution model, is still under negotiation in the European Council and Parliament. On the other 
hand, the ECB — responsible for deciding on the issuance of the digital euro — continues with the preparation phase to lay the project
´s foundations and has published several reports describing its progress. This phase will conclude in 2025, after which the ECB 
Governing Council will decide whether to proceed to the second preparation phase, paving the way for potential issuance.
Consolidated Management Report Financial information
364
This English version is a translation of the original in Spanish for information purposes only. In case of a discrepancy, the Spanish original will prevail.

Internationally, according to a Bank for International Settlements (BIS) survey, central banks have significantly increased 
experimentation and pilots for wholesale central bank digital currencies, with the likelihood of issuing wholesale CBDCs in the coming 
years surpassing that of retail CBDCs.
Another area of focus for regulators has been crypto-assets. At the international level, the FSB published a progress report in October 
on the roadmap for implementing the IMF (International Monetary Fund) and FSB policies and regulatory responses to crypto-assets. 
The report noted progress in implementation across jurisdictions, but also identified challenges, urging authorities to advance in 
implementing the framework. 
At the European level, the new Markets in Cryptoassets Regulation (MiCA), which establishes a series of obligations for issuers and 
service providers of crypto-assets, was fully implemented. ESMA (European Securities and Markets Authority) and the EBA finalized 
MiCA's second level regulation.
Additionally, the ESAs worked on developing the second-level regulation for the European Digital Operational Resilience Regulation 
(DORA), which will apply from 2025 and aims to ensure the resilience of the EU financial sector. Internationally, the Basel Committee 
published a consultation on principles for sound third-party risk management.  
7. Other Regulatory Areas: New Anti-money Laundering Package in the European Union
On June 19, 2024, the new anti-money laundering and counter-terrorism financing rules, known as the new AML package, were 
published in the Official Journal of the EU (OJ EU). This package includes the establishment of the new European AML Authority 
(AMLA), the Regulation, and the 6th Directive on the prevention of money laundering and terrorist financing (AML&CFT).
The new Regulation102 harmonizes anti-money laundering rules across the EU and extends these rules to new obliged entities. It also 
sets stricter due diligence requirements, regulates beneficial ownership, and establishes a cash payment limit of €10,000. It will apply 
from July 10, 2027.
The package also includes the Regulation that creates the new Anti-Money Laundering and Combating the Financing of Terrorism 
Authority103 (AMLA) which will have direct and indirect supervisory powers over high-risk obliged entities in the financial sector and 
will establish an integrated mechanism with national supervisors to ensure that obliged entities comply with AML&CFT-related 
obligations. Additionally, AMLA will also play a supporting role with respect to non-financial obliged entities and will coordinate 
financial intelligence units (FIUs). In addition to supervisory powers, the authority will also impose pecuniary sanctions on selected 
obliged entities. The Regulation will be applicable as of July 1, 2025.
The 6th Directive104 on AML&CFT establishes clear rules on how FIUs and supervisors collaborate. It mandates that EU Member 
States provide information from centralized bank account registers through a single access point and harmonizes the format of bank 
statements. The transposition deadline for this Directive is July 10, 2027.
Additionally, since December 30, 2024, Regulation (EU) 2023/113, commonly known as the Travel Rule, has been in effect. This 
regulation sets measures to detect and manage transfers of funds or crypto-assets.
Alongside this package, it is noteworthy that the EBA has published the final report on amending guidelines on AML&CFT risk factors 
and mitigation measures for Crypto- Asset Service Providers (CASPs) must consider. These guidelines have been applicable since 
December 30, 2024.
Consolidated Management Report Financial information
365
This English version is a translation of the original in Spanish for information purposes only. In case of a discrepancy, the Spanish original will prevail.
102 Regulation (EU) 2024/1624 of the European Parliament and of the Council of 31 May 2024 on the prevention of the use of the financial system for the purpose of money 
laundering or terrorist financing Text with EEA relevance.
103  Regulation (EU) 2024/1620 of the European Parliament and of the Council of 31 May 2024 establishing the Authority for Combating Money Laundering and Terrorist Financing 
and amending Regulations (EU) No 1093/2010, (EU) No 1094/2010 and (EU) No 1095/2010 Text with EEA relevance.
104 Directive (EU) 2024/1640 of the European Parliament and of the Council of 31 May 2024 on mechanisms to be put in place by Member States for the purpose of preventing the 
use of the financial system for the purpose of money laundering or terrorist financing, amending Directive and (EU) 2019/1937 and amending and repealing Directive (EU) 
2015/849 Text with EEA relevance.

1.3 Results
The BBVA Group generated a net attributable profit of €10,054m in 2024, once again driven by the performance of recurring 
revenues of the banking business, that is, net interest income and net fees and commissions, which together grew by, 13.2%. These 
results represent an increase of 25.4% compared to the same period of the previous year and include the recording of the annual 
amount for the temporary tax on credit institutions and financial credit institutions105 for €285m, included in the other operating 
income and expenses line of the income statement. Excluding the currency variation impact during the year, the Group´s result grew 
by 32.9%.
CONSOLIDATED INCOME STATEMENT (MILLIONS OF EUROS)
∆ % at constant
2024
∆ %
exchange rates
2023
Net interest income
25,267
9.4
12.9
23,089
Net fees and commissions 
7,988
27.0
30.8
6,288
Net trading income
3,913
79.2
90.8
2,183
Other operating income and expenses
(1,686)
(16.5)
(21.7)
(2,018)
Gross income
35,481
20.1
25.0
29,542
Operating expenses
(14,193)
15.3
18.3
(12,308)
Personnel expenses
(7,659)
17.3
20.4
(6,530)
Other administrative expenses
(5,001)
14.3
17.5
(4,375)
Depreciation
(1,533)
9.3
11.3
(1,403)
Operating income 
21,288
23.5
29.9
17,233
Impairment on financial assets not measured at fair 
value through profit or loss
(5,745)
29.7
32.4
(4,428)
Provisions or reversal of provisions
(198)
(47.1)
(44.8)
(373)
Other gains (losses)
61
n.s.
n.s.
(13)
Profit (loss) before tax
15,405
24.0
31.9
12,419
Income tax
(4,830)
20.7
27.5
(4,003)
Profit (loss) for the period
10,575
25.7
34.0
8,416
Non-controlling interests
(521)
31.2
60.1
(397)
Net attributable profit (loss)
10,054
25.4
32.9
8,019
Adjusted earning (loss) per share (euros) ⁽¹⁾
1.68
1.32
Earning (loss) per share (euros) ⁽¹⁾
1.68
1.29
⁽¹⁾ Adjusted by additional Tier 1 instrument remuneration. For more information, see Alternative Performance Measures at this report.
Consolidated Management Report Financial information
366
This English version is a translation of the original in Spanish for information purposes only. In case of a discrepancy, the Spanish original will prevail.
105 In compliance with Law 38/2022, of December 27, which established the obligation to pay a patrimonial benefit of a public and non-taxable nature during the years 2023 and 
2024 for credit institutions that operate in Spanish territory whose sum of total interest income and fee and commission income corresponding to the year 2019 is equal to or 
greater than €800m.

CONSOLIDATED INCOME STATEMENT: QUARTERLY EVOLUTION (MILLIONS OF EUROS)
2024
2023
4Q
3Q
2Q
1Q
4Q
3Q
2Q
1Q
Net interest income
6,406
5,868
6,481
6,512
5,246
6,434
5,768
5,642
Net fees and commissions 
2,234
1,912
1,955
1,887
1,694
1,685
1,470
1,439
Net trading income
983
1,044
1,114
772
753
658
334
438
Other operating income and 
expenses
(303)
(107)
(324)
(952)
(255)
(820)
(383)
(561)
Gross income
9,320
8,716
9,227
8,218
7,438
7,956
7,189
6,958
Operating expenses
(4,004)
(3,330)
(3,477)
(3,383)
(3,068)
(3,303)
(2,922)
(3,016)
Personnel expenses
(2,216)
(1,810)
(1,855)
(1,778)
(1,693)
(1,756)
(1,530)
(1,551)
Other administrative 
expenses
(1,380)
(1,154)
(1,238)
(1,229)
(1,025)
(1,169)
(1,054)
(1,127)
Depreciation
(408)
(366)
(384)
(375)
(349)
(378)
(337)
(339)
Operating income 
5,316
5,386
5,751
4,835
4,370
4,654
4,267
3,942
Impairment on financial assets 
not measured at fair value 
through profit or loss
(1,466)
(1,440)
(1,479)
(1,361)
(1,225)
(1,210)
(1,025)
(968)
Provisions or reversal of 
provisions
(99)
(61)
19
(57)
(163)
(81)
(115)
(14)
Other gains (losses)
8
(19)
31
40
(49)
2
50
(16)
Profit (loss) before tax
3,759
3,867
4,322
3,458
2,932
3,365
3,178
2,944
Income tax
(1,171)
(1,135)
(1,374)
(1,151)
(799)
(1,226)
(1,028)
(950)
Profit (loss) for the period
2,588
2,732
2,949
2,307
2,133
2,139
2,150
1,994
Non-controlling interests
(155)
(105)
(154)
(107)
(75)
(56)
(118)
(148)
Net attributable profit (loss)
2,433
2,627
2,794
2,200
2,058
2,083
2,032
1,846
Adjusted earning (loss) per 
share (euros) ⁽¹⁾
0.41
0.44
0.47
0.37
0.34
0.34
0.34
0.30
Earning (loss) per share 
(euros) ⁽¹⁾
0.40
0.44
0.47
0.36
0.33
0.33
0.33
0.29
⁽¹⁾ Adjusted by additional Tier 1 instrument remuneration. For more information, see Alternative Performance Measures at this report.
Unless expressly indicated otherwise, for a better understanding of the changes under the main headings of the Group's income 
statement, the rates of change provided below refer to constant exchange rates. When comparing two dates or periods presented in 
this report, the impact of changes in the exchange rates against the euro of the currencies of the countries in which BBVA operates is 
sometimes excluded, assuming that exchange rates remain constant. For this purpose, the average exchange rate of the currency of 
each geographical area of the most recent period is used for both periods, except for those countries whose economies have been 
considered hyperinflationary, for which the closing exchange rate of the most recent period is used.
The accumulated net interest income as of December 31, 2024 was higher than the one registered in the same period of the previous 
year (+12.9%), mainly driven by increases in all business areas except for Turkey. This increase shows the strong dynamism of 
lending activity, which grew by 14.3% during 2024.
Likewise, net fees and commissions experienced a year-on-year growth of 30.8%, thanks to the performance of fees and 
commissions due to payment fees and, to a lesser extent, asset management fees and commissions. Turkey made an outstanding 
contribution, well above the other business areas.
As a result, overall recurring banking business revenues, increased by 16.7% in 2024, with an upward quarterly trend over the last two 
years.
Consolidated Management Report Financial information
367
This English version is a translation of the original in Spanish for information purposes only. In case of a discrepancy, the Spanish original will prevail.

NET INTEREST INCOME / AVERAGE TOTAL ASSETS 
(PERCENTAGE AT CONSTANT EXCHANGE RATES)
3.27
3.32
3.33
3.25
3.35
4Q23
1Q24
2Q24
3Q24
4Q24
NET INTEREST INCOME PLUS NET FEES AND 
COMMISSIONS (MILLIONS OF EUROS AT CONSTANT 
EXCHANGE RATES)
 +16.7 % (1)
28,489
33,255
6,330 6,772
7,628
7,759
7,994
8,141
8,294 8,825
7,081
7,237
8,118
6,940
8,398 8,437
7,779
8,640
At current exchange rates
1Q23
2Q23
3Q23
4Q23
1Q24
2Q24
3Q24
4Q24
⁽¹⁾ At current exchange rates:  +13.2%.
At the end of December 2024, NTI showed a growth of 90.8%, mainly driven by the evolution of the results obtained from hedging 
foreign currency positions, especially of the Mexican peso, recorded in the Corporate Center. To a lesser extent, this growth also 
shows the favorable performance of this line in all areas, with a notable contribution from Turkey thanks to its foreign currency 
positions, Spain and Mexico, supported by Global Markets' contribution and lastly, South America helped by the performance in 
Argentina.
The other operating income and expenses line accumulated, as of December 31, 2024 a result that improves compared to the same 
period of the previous year. This was achieved in spite of a higher negative impact from hyperinflation in Argentina and an increase in 
the annual amount for the temporary tax on credit institutions and financial credit institutions in 2024. These effects were offset by: a 
lower impact from hyperinflation in Turkey, the lack of contributions to the European Single Resolution Fund (hereinafter SRF) after 
the completion of its construction stage106 and the Deposit Guarantee Fund (hereinafter DGF) for Credit Institutions in Spain, which in 
2023 reached the minimum coverage level established by European regulations for covered deposits and therefore no additional 
contribution was required for this purpose during 2024 and, lastly, by a favorable evolution of the results of the insurance business.
GROSS INCOME (MILLIONS OF EUROS AT CONSTANT 
EXCHANGE RATES)
 +25.0 %
(1)
28,387
35,481
5,956
6,808
7,294
8,329
7,748
8,899
9,379
9,455
6,958
7,189
7,956
7,438
8,218
9,227
8,716
9,320
At current exchange rates
1Q23
2Q23
3Q23
4Q23
1Q24
2Q24
3Q24
4Q24
⁽¹⁾ At current exchange rates: +20.1%.
On a year-on-year basis, the increase in operating expenses  at the Group level stood at 18.3%, a rate that is below the inflation rates 
observed in the countries in which the Group operates (an average of 19.6%  in the last 12 months107).
Consolidated Management Report Financial information
368
This English version is a translation of the original in Spanish for information purposes only. In case of a discrepancy, the Spanish original will prevail.
106 The Single Resolution Fund, whose funds would be allocated to the resolution of financial entities in certain circumstances, has been increasing during a transitional period of 
eight years (2016-2023) with the objective of reaching at least 1% of the covered deposits by the Member States that make up the Single Resolution Mechanism at the end of 
2023.
107 Weighted by operating expenses and excluding Venezuela.

Thanks to the remarkable growth in gross income (+25.0%, higher than the growth in operating expenses), the efficiency ratio stood 
at 40.0% as of December 31, 2024, with an improvement of 226 basis points compared to the ratio as of December 31, 2023. This 
achievement consolidates BBVA's leadership in terms of efficiency among the fifteen largest banks across Europe, comfortably 
surpassing the Group target of  42% by the end of 2024.
OPERATING EXPENSES (MILLIONS OF EUROS AT 
CONSTANT EXCHANGE RATES)
 +18.3 %
(1)
11,997
14,193
2,736 2,819
3,126
3,315
3,253 3,368 3,527
4,045
3,016
2,922
3,303 3,068
3,383
3,477 3,330
4,004
At current exchange rates
1Q23
2Q23
3Q23
4Q23
1Q24
2Q24
3Q24
4Q24
⁽¹⁾ At current exchange rates: +15.3%.
EFFICIENCY RATIO (PERCENTAGE)
-226
Basis points
46.0
46.1
42.3
40.0
45.2
43.2
41.7
40.0
42.0
At current exchange rates
At constant exchange rates
Target
2021
2022
2023
2024
The impairment on financial assets not measured at fair value through profit or loss (impairment on financial assets) at the end of 
December 2024 was 32.4% higher than in the same period of the previous year, due to a high rate of growth in lending, both in loans 
to companies and in retail products, the most profitable in recent years, as well as the timing of the economic cycle in some of the 
Group´s geographical areas. All business areas required greater loan-loss provisions, especially Mexico and Turkey.
OPERATING INCOME (MILLIONS OF EUROS AT 
CONSTANT EXCHANGE RATES)
 +29.9 %
(1)
16,390
21,288
3,219
3,989
4,167
5,014
4,495
5,531
5,851
5,410
3,942 4,267 4,654 4,370
4,835
5,751
5,386
5,316
At current exchange rates
1Q23
2Q23
3Q23
4Q23
1Q24
2Q24
3Q24
4Q24
⁽¹⁾ At current exchange rates: +23.5%.
IMPAIRMENT ON FINANCIAL ASSETS (MILLIONS OF 
EUROS AT CONSTANT EXCHANGE RATES)
 +32.4 %
(1)
4,338
5,745
920
976
1,174
1,267
1,296
1,414
1,515
1,521
968
1,025
1,210
1,225
1,361
1,479
1,440 1,466
At current exchange rates
1Q23
2Q23
3Q23
4Q23
1Q24
2Q24
3Q24
4Q24
⁽¹⁾ At current exchange rates: +29.7%.
The provisions or reversal of provisions line (hereinafter provisions) registered at the end of December 31, 2024 lower provisions 
compared to the same period of the previous year, mainly originated in Turkey.
On the other hand, the other gains (losses) line ended December 2024 with a balance of €61m, which compares favorably with the 
previous year mainly due to the positive impact of the appraisal update of real estate assets in Turkey and to the reversal of 
impairments for investments in associates, recorded in Corporate Center.
As a result of the above, the BBVA Group reached a net attributable profit of €10,054m in 2024, showing a significant growth 
compared to the same period of the previous year (+32.9%). This solid result is supported by the positive evolution of the recurring 
banking business income, which has been able to offset both the increase in operating expenses and the rise in provisions for 
impairment losses on financial assets.
Consolidated Management Report Financial information
369
This English version is a translation of the original in Spanish for information purposes only. In case of a discrepancy, the Spanish original will prevail.

Income tax amounted to €4,830m at the end of December 2024, representing a variation of +27.5% compared to the same period of 
the previous year. This amount does not include the recording of the total annual amount paid out of the temporary taxation of credit 
institutions and financial credit organizations for €285m, included in the other operating income and expenses line of the income 
statement. 
For more information on the overall tax contribution and other tax matters of the BBVA Group, please refer to “Fiscal contribution and 
transparency”.
The net attributable profits, in millions of euros and accumulated at the end of December 2024 for the business areas that compose 
the Group were as follows: 3,784 in Spain, 5,447 in Mexico, 611 in Turkey, 635 in South America and 500 in Rest of Business.
            
NET ATTRIBUTABLE PROFIT (LOSS) (MILLIONS OF 
EUROS AT CONSTANT EXCHANGE RATES)
 +32.9 %
(1)
7,565
10,054
1,471
1,942
1,819
2,332
2,031
2,686 2,863
2,474
1,846
2,032 2,083 2,058 2,200
2,794
2,627
2,433
At current exchange rates
1Q23
2Q23
3Q23
4Q23
1Q24
2Q24
3Q24
4Q24
⁽¹⁾ At current exchange rates: +25.4%.
The Group's excellent performance has also allowed it to continue generating value, as is reflected in the growth of the tangible book 
value per share and dividends, which at the end of December 2024 was 17.2% higher than at the same period of the previous year. 
Thus, the 2021-2024 compound annual growth rate (CAGR) registered by the aggregate of the tangible book value of each share, 
along with the dividends received in the period reached 18.1%, well above the 9.0% target.
TANGIBLE BOOK VALUE PER SHARE AND DIVIDENDS 
(EUROS)
+17.2%
8.46
9.01
9.23
9.47
9.92
8.46
8.62
8.84
8.79
9.24
0.39
0.39
0.68
0.68
Dividends
Tangible book value
Dec.23
Mar.24
Jun.24
Sep.24
Dec.24
General note: replenishing dividends paid in the period. For more information, see 
Alternative Performance Measures at this report.
EARNING (LOSS) PER SHARE (EUROS)
 +27.7 % ⁽¹⁾
1.32
(3)
1.68
0.30
0.34
0.34
0.34
0.37
0.47
0.44
0.41
0.29
0.33
0.33
0.33
0.36
0.47
0.44
0.40
Adjusted EPS
EPS
1Q23
2Q23 3Q23 4Q23
1Q24
2Q24 3Q24 4Q24
General note: Adjusted by additional Tier 1 instrument remuneration. For 
more information, see Alternative Performance Measures at this report.
⁽¹⁾ Year-on-year variation of adjusted EPS. The year-on-year variation of 
EPS stands at 30.0%.
Consolidated Management Report Financial information
370
This English version is a translation of the original in Spanish for information purposes only. In case of a discrepancy, the Spanish original will prevail.

Lastly, the Group’s profitability indicators show BBVA's ability to combine higher growth rates and better profitability ratios in a way 
that differentiates it from its peers. All the indicators improved in year-on-year terms supported by the favorable performance of the 
results and comfortably meeting  the profitability target at the end of 2024.
ROE AND ROTE (PERCENTAGE)
14.0
11.4
14.4
16.2
18.9
12.0
15.1
17.0
19.7
ROTE
ROE
ROTE target
2021
2022
2023
2024
ROA AND RORWA (PERCENTAGE)
2.06
2.38
2.76
0.99
1.12
1.36
RORWA
ROA
2022
2023
2024
Consolidated Management Report Financial information
371
This English version is a translation of the original in Spanish for information purposes only. In case of a discrepancy, the Spanish original will prevail.

1.4 Balance sheet and business activity
The most relevant aspects related to the evolution of the Group's balance sheet and business activity as of December 31, 2024 are 
summarized below:
–
Loans and advances to customers recorded an increase of 9.2% compared to the end of December 2023, particularly 
driven by the evolution of corporate loans (+14.7% at Group level), and, to a lesser extent, by the positive performance of 
loans to individuals, especially consumer loans and credit cards, that together grew by 11.4%.
–
Customer funds increased by 10.8% compared to the end of the previous year, driven by the growth in customer deposits, 
that is, time and demand deposits, which together grew by 8.3% and by the evolution of mutual funds and managed 
portfolios (+18.5%), with an outstanding performance of these off-balance sheet products in Spain and Turkey.
CONSOLIDATED BALANCE SHEET (MILLIONS OF EUROS)
31-12-24
∆ %
31-12-23
Cash, cash balances at central banks and other demand deposits
51,145
(32.2)
75,416
Financial assets held for trading
108,948
(22.8)
141,042
Non-trading financial assets mandatorily at fair value through profit or 
loss
10,546
20.7
8,737
Financial assets designated at fair value through profit or loss
836
(12.5)
955
Financial assets at fair value through accumulated other comprehensive 
income
59,002
(5.1)
62,205
Financial assets at amortized cost
502,400
11.2
451,732
  Loans and advances to central banks and credit institutions
30,909
25.5
24,627
  Loans and advances to customers
412,477
9.2
377,643
  Debt securities
59,014
19.3
49,462
Investments in joint ventures and associates
989
1.3
976
Tangible assets
9,759
5.5
9,253
Intangible assets
2,490
5.4
2,363
Other assets
26,287
14.9
22,878
Total assets
772,402
(0.4)
775,558
Financial liabilities held for trading
86,591
(28.9)
121,715
Other financial liabilities designated at fair value through profit or loss
14,952
12.4
13,299
Financial liabilities at amortized cost
584,339
4.8
557,589
  Deposits from central banks and credit institutions
49,074
(18.7)
60,349
  Deposits from customers
447,646
8.3
413,487
 Debt certificates
69,867
1.7
68,707
  Other financial liabilities
17,753
18.0
15,046
Liabilities under insurance and reinsurance contracts
10,981
(9.3)
12,110
Other liabilities
15,525
(0.4)
15,580
Total liabilities 
712,388
(1.1)
720,293
Non-controlling interests
4,359
22.3
3,564
Accumulated other comprehensive income
(17,220)
5.9
(16,254)
Shareholders’ funds
72,875
7.2
67,955
Total equity
60,014
8.6
55,265
Total liabilities and equity 
772,402
(0.4)
775,558
Memorandum item:
Guarantees given
64,257
7.1
60,019
Consolidated Management Report Financial information
372
This English version is a translation of the original in Spanish for information purposes only. In case of a discrepancy, the Spanish original will prevail.

LOANS AND ADVANCES TO CUSTOMERS (MILLIONS OF EUROS) 
31-12-24
∆ %
31-12-23
Public sector
22,108
(5.0)
23,269
Individuals
177,751
5.7
168,123
   Mortgages
94,577
1.3
93,358
   Consumer
45,562
6.7
42,695
   Credit cards
26,067
20.6
21,609
   Other loans
11,544
10.4
10,461
Business
210,017
14.7
183,076
Non-performing loans
14,211
(1.6)
14,444
Loans and advances to customers (gross)
424,087
9.0
388,912
Allowances ⁽¹⁾
(11,611)
3.0
(11,269)
Loans and advances to customers
412,477
9.2
377,643
⁽¹⁾ Allowances include valuation adjustments for credit risk throughout the expected residual life in those financial instruments that have been acquired (mainly originating from 
the acquisition of Catalunya Banc, S.A.). As of December 31, 2024 and December 31, 2023 the remaining amount was €107m and €142m respectively.
LOANS AND ADVANCES TO CUSTOMERS (BILLIONS 
OF EUROS)
 +9.2 %
(1)
357
378
412
Dec.22
Dec.23
Dec.24
⁽¹⁾ At constant exchange rates: +14.1%.
CUSTOMER FUNDS (BILLIONS OF EUROS)
 +10.8 %
(1)
545
578
640
394
413
448
150
164
193
Other customers funds
Deposits from customers
Dec.22
Dec.23
Dec.24
⁽¹⁾ At constant exchange rates: +16.3%.
CUSTOMER FUNDS (MILLIONS OF EUROS) 
31-12-24
∆ %
31-12-23
Deposits from customers
447,646
8.3
413,487
Current accounts
331,780
4.5
317,543
Time deposits
106,362
16.2
91,524
Other deposits
9,503
115.0
4,420
Other customer funds
192,606
17.2
164,367
Mutual funds and investment companies and customer portfolios ⁽¹⁾
156,266
18.5
131,849
Pension funds
31,614
11.6
28,326
Other off-balance sheet funds
4,726
12.7
4,192
Total customer funds
640,251
10.8
577,853
⁽¹⁾ Includes the customer portfolios in Spain, Mexico, Peru and Colombia (preliminary).
Consolidated Management Report Financial information
373
This English version is a translation of the original in Spanish for information purposes only. In case of a discrepancy, the Spanish original will prevail.

1.5 Solvency
Capital base
The strength of the BBVA Group's earnings has contributed to achieving a consolidated fully loaded CET1 ratio of 12.88% as of 
December 31, 2024, which allows it to maintain a large management buffer over the Group's CET1 requirement as of that date 
(9.13%108), which is also above the Group's target management range of 11.5 - 12.0% CET1. 
The fully loaded CET1 ratio increased by 21 basis points, mainly explained by the great generation of earnings in the year (276 basis 
points) which, net of shareholder remuneration and payment of convertible contingent instrument coupons (CoCos), generated a 
positive contribution of 127 basis points. 
Meanwhile, the growth in risk-weighted assets (RWA) derived from the organic growth of the business in constant terms, mainly as a 
result of the increase in the loan portfolio, and, to a lesser extent, debt securities, as well as risk transfers that drained the ratio by -155 
basis points.
Finally, the other elements that make up CET1 had a positive contribution of 49 basis points; these include the calculation of minority 
interests and the positive impact in Other Comprehensive Income (OCI) equivalent to the net monetary position value loss in 
hyperinflationary economies recorded in results as well as the valuation of portfolios classified as HTC&S. In addition, the negative 
effects of market evolution are also included, with the currency effect being particularly negative, mainly represented by the 
depreciation of Mexican peso and, to a lesser extent, the depreciation of Turkish lira and the appreciation of US dollar.
ANNUAL EVOLUTION OF THE CET1 FULLY LOADED RATIO
+21 bps
0 38%
12.67%
+276 bps
-149 bps
-155 bps
+49bps
12.88%
CET1 fully 
loaded 
31-12-23
Results
Dividend 
accrual andl 
AT1 coupons
RWAs 
movement
Other⁽¹⁾
CET1 fully 
loaded 
31-12-24
(1) Includes, among others, FX and mark to market of HTC&S portfolios, minority interests, and a positive impact in 
OCI equivalent to the Net Monetary Position value loss in hyperinflationary economies registered in results.
Consolidated fully loaded Additional Tier 1 (AT1) capital fully loaded stood at 1.53% as of December 31, 2024, -13 basis points lower 
than in 2023 In June 2024, BBVA, S.A completed an issuance for an amount of €750 million Contingent Convertible instruments 
(CoCos) in June 2024. In addition, in March 2024, the call for redemption of another issuance of Contingent Convertible instruments 
for a total amount of €1.0 billion was made.
The Tier 2 fully loaded ratio stood at 2.50% which represents an increase of 25 basis points compared to 2023, mainly due to the 
issuance of a subordinated bonds in Spain for €1.25 billion and €1.0 billion in February  and August 2024, respectively, and, to a lesser 
extent, the issuance in Mexico, Turkey and Peru of subordinated debt for amounts of USD 900 million, USD 500 million and USD 300 
million, respectively in the first quarter, in addition to the issuance in December of USD 750 million of subordinated debt in Turkey. On 
the other hand, a subordinated debt issuance amounting to €750 million was redeemed in Spain. In addition, in December, the early 
redemption of another issuance of €1.0 billion was announced, which was completed in January 2025. In addition, in Turkey, one 
issuance was partially redeemed, amounting to USD 134 million, and the early redemption of another issuance of 750 million Turkish 
liras was announced and completed in February.
As a result of the above, the total fully loaded capital ratio stood at 16.90% as of December 31, 2024. The total phased-in capital ratio 
was also 16.90% as of the same date.
Consolidated Management Report Financial information
374
This English version is a translation of the original in Spanish for information purposes only. In case of a discrepancy, the Spanish original will prevail.
108 Considering the last official update of the countercyclical capital buffer, calculated on the basis of exposure as of December 31, 2024.

Following the latest SREP (Supervisory Review and Evaluation Process) decision, the ECB has informed the Group that, effective on 
January 1, 2025, BBVA Group must maintain at consolidated level a total capital ratio of 13.29% and a CET1 capital ratio of 9.13%109, 
including a Pillar 2 requirement at consolidated level of 1.68% (a minimum of 1.02% must be satisfied with CET1), of which 0.18% is 
determined on the basis of the ECB's prudential provisioning expectations, and must be satisfied by CET1.
In November 2015 (with effect from 1 January 2017) BBVA ceased to be part of the list of Global Systemically Important Banks (G-
SIBs). This list is drawn up annually by the Financial Stability Board (FSB) on the basis of a set of quantitative indicators which are 
available, together with the assessment methodology, at www.bis.org/bcbs/gsib/. 
In November 2021, BBVA, at consolidated level, was again identified as an Other Systemically Important Institution (hereinafter 
referred to as O-SII) by the Bank of Spain, which imposes on BBVA the obligation to maintain Common Equity Tier 1 items as a buffer 
for O-SII for an amount equal to 0,75% of the total amount of its risk exposure on a consolidated basis. In January 2024, the Bank of 
Spain increased this requirement to 1%, and this obligation remains in place for 2025.
FULLY LOADED CAPITAL RATIOS (PERCENTAGE)
15.94
16.58
16.90
12.61
12.67
12.88
1.54
1.66
1.53
1.79
2.25
2.50
Tier 2
Additional Tier 1
CET1
31-12-2022
31-12-2023
31-12-2024
CAPITAL BASE (MILLIONS OF EUROS)
Phased-in (1)
Fully loaded ⁽¹⁾
31-12-24
31-12-23
31-12-22
31-12-24
31-12-23
31-12-22
Common Equity Tier 1 (CET1)
50,799
46,116
42,738
50,799
46,116
42,738
Tier 1
56,822
52,150
47,931
56,822
52,150
47,931
Tier 2
9,858
8,182
5,930
9,858
8,182
5,930
Total capital (Tier 1 + Tier 2) 
66,680
60,332
53,861
66,680
60,332
53,861
Risk-weighted assets 
394,468
363,915
337,066
394,468
363,915
337,066
CET1 (%)
12.88
12.67
12.68
12.88
12.67
12.61
Tier 1 (%)
14.40
14.33
14.22
14.40
14.33
14.15
Tier 2 (%) 
2.50
2.25
1.76
2.50
2.25
1.79
Total capital ratio (%) 
16.90
16.58
15.98
16.90
16.58
15.94
⁽¹⁾ The difference between the phased-in and fully loaded ratios arises from the temporary treatment of certain capital items, mainly of the impact of IFRS 9, to which the BBVA 
Group has adhered voluntarily (in accordance with article 473bis of the CRR and the subsequent amendments introduced by the Regulation (EU) 2020/873). For 2022, there is 
a difference between phased-in and fully loaded ratios due to the aforementioned temporary treatment.
As of December 31, 2024, the phased-in leverage ratio stood at 6.81% (6.81% fully loaded), which represents an increase of 27 basis 
points since December 2023.
LEVERAGE RATIO (FULLY LOADED)
31-12-24
31-12-23
31-12-22
Exposure to Leverage Ratio (fully loaded) (million euros)
834,488
797,888
737,990
Leverage ratio (fully loaded) (%)
 6.81 
 6.54 
 6.49 
Consolidated Management Report Financial information
375
This English version is a translation of the original in Spanish for information purposes only. In case of a discrepancy, the Spanish original will prevail.
109 Considering the last official update of the countercyclical capital buffer, calculated on the basis of exposure as of December 31, 2024.

With respect to the MREL ratios110 achieved as of December 31, 2024, these were 27.92% and 12.10%, respectively for MREL in RWA 
and MREL in LR, reaching the subordinated ratios of both 23.13% and 10.03%, respectively. A summarizing table is shown below:
MREL
31-12-24
31-12-23
31-12-22
Total own funds and eligible liabilities (million euros)
63,887
56,603
54,755
Total RWA of the resolution group (million euros)
228,796
214,757
206,987
RWA ratio (%)
 27.92 
 26.36 
 26.45 
Total exposure for the Leverage calculation (million euros)
527,804
517,470
491,430
Leverage ratio (%)
 12.10 
 10.94 
 11.14 
On March 27, 2024 the Group made public that it had received a communication from the Bank of Spain regarding its new MREL 
requirement 22.79%111 (Minimum Requirement for own funds and Eligible Liabilities). In addition, BBVA must reach, also as from 
March 27, 2024, a volume of own funds and eligible liabilities in terms of total exposure considered for purposes of calculating the 
leverage ratio of 8.48% (the “MREL in LR”)112. These requirements do not include the current combined buffer requirement, which, 
according to current regulations and supervisory criteria, is 3.65%113. Given the structure of the resolution group's own funds and 
eligible liabilities, as of December 31, 2024, the Group meets the aforementioned requirements.
Likewise, with the aim of reinforcing compliance with these requirements, BBVA has made several debt issuances during the year 
2024. For more information on these issuances, see "Structural risks" section within the "Risk management" chapter.
Ratings
During 2024, BBVA’s rating has continued to demonstrate its strength and all agencies have maintained their rating in the A category. 
In March, Moody´s changed its long-term outlook on the senior preferred debt from stable to positive maintaining its rating in A3, and 
DBRS communicated the result of its annual revision of BBVA confirming the rating in A (high) with a stable outlook, S&P reviewed 
BBVA´s rating and outlook unchanged in June (A, stable), and for its part, Fitch maintained without changes BBVA´s rating and 
outlook (A-, stable) in September. The following table shows the credit ratings and outlooks assigned by the agencies:
RATINGS
Rating agency
Long term (1)
Short term
Outlook
DBRS
A (high)
R-1 (middle)
Stable
Fitch
A-
F-2
Stable
Moody's 
A3
P-2
Positive
Standard & Poor's
A
A-1
Stable
(1) Ratings assigned to long term senior preferred debt. Additionally, Moody’s and Fitch assign A2 and A- rating, respectively, to BBVA’s long term deposits.
Consolidated Management Report Financial information
376
This English version is a translation of the original in Spanish for information purposes only. In case of a discrepancy, the Spanish original will prevail.
110 Calculated at subconsolidated level according to the resolution strategy MPE (“Multiple Point of Entry”) of the BBVA Group, established by the SRB ("Single Resolution 
Board"). The resolution group is made up of Banco Bilbao Vizcaya Argentaria, S.A. and subsidiaries that belong to the same European resolution group. That implies the ratios are 
calculated under the subconsolidated perimeter of the resolution group. Preliminary MREL ratios as of the date of publication.
111 The subordination requirement in RWA is 13.50%.
112 The subordination requirement in Leverage ratio is 5.78%.
113 Considering the last official update of the countercyclical capital buffer, calculated on the basis of exposure as of December 31, 2024.

1.6 The BBVA share
The main indices have shown a positive behavior in the year 2024. In Europe, the Stoxx Europe 600 index rose by 6.0% compared to 
the end of 2023, and in Spain, the Ibex 35 was revalued a 14.8% in the same time frame, showing a better relative performance. In the 
United States, the S&P 500 index also rose by 23.3%.
With regard to the banking sector indices, their evolution in the year 2024 has been better than of general indices in Europe. The 
Stoxx Europe 600 Banks, which includes the banks of the United Kingdom, and the Euro Stoxx Banks, Eurozone´s banks index, rose 
by 26.0% and 23.4% respectively, while in the United States, the S&P Regional Banks sector index grew by 15.2% in the period.
For its part, the price of the BBVA share grew by 14.9% in the year, closing the 2024 year at €9.45.
BBVA SHARE EVOLUTION COMPARED WITH EUROPEAN INDEXES
(Base index 100=31-12-23)
BBVA
EUROSTOXX-50
EUROSTOXX BANCOS
Dec-23
Mar-24
Jun-24
Sep-24
Dec-24
100.00
120.00
140.00
The BBVA share and share performance ratios
THE BBVA SHARE AND SHARE PERFORMANCE RATIOS
31-12-24
31-12-23
Number of shareholders ⁽¹⁾
714,069
742,194
Number of shares outstanding
5,763,285,465
5,837,940,380
Daily average number of shares traded
11,780,124
16,584,287
Daily average trading (millions of euros)
113
116
Maximum price (euros)
11.28
8.73
Minimum price (euros)
7.97
5.67
Variation of the maximum share price with respect to the minimum (%)
41.4
54.0
Closing price (euros)
9.45
8.23
Book value per share (euros) 
9.67
8.86
Tangible book value per share (euros) 
9.24
8.46
Market capitalization (millions of euros)
54,463
48,023
⁽¹⁾ In the case of shares kept by investors through a custodian placed outside Spain, only the custodian will be considered as a shareholder, which is who appears registered in the 
accounting record of book entries, so the number of shareholders stated does not consider those indirect holders.
Consolidated Management Report Financial information
377
This English version is a translation of the original in Spanish for information purposes only. In case of a discrepancy, the Spanish original will prevail.

Stock market indexes
BBVA’s shares are included in the main stock market indexes. At the closing of December 2024, the weighting of BBVA shares in the 
Ibex 35, Euro Stoxx 50 and the Stoxx Europe 600 index, were 9.5%, 1.6% and 0.5%, respectively. They are also included in several 
sector indexes, including Stoxx Europe 600 Banks, which includes the United Kingdom, with a weighting of 5.3% and the Euro Stoxx 
Banks index for the Eurozone with a weighting of 9.0%.
In addition to these indexes, BBVA is part of the main sustainability indexes, such as the Dow Jones Sustainability Index (DJSI), the 
FTSE4Good and the MSCI ESG indexes. 
Shareholders and investors
Shareholder structure
As of December 31, 2024, the Group had 5,763,285,465 shares outstanding (as of December 31, 2023 the figure was 5,837,940,380 
shares), 63.02% of which were held by institutional investors and the remaining 36.98% by minority shareholders, all with the same 
voting and economic rights, with no differences in voting rights between shareholders. 
SHAREHOLDER STRUCTURE (31-12-24)
Shareholders
Shares outstanding
Number of shares
Number
%
Number
%
Up to 500
307,402
 43.0 
56,461,642
 1.0 
501 to 5,000 
318,708
 44.6 
565,418,920
 9.8 
5,001 to 10,000
47,392
 6.6 
332,153,648
 5.8 
10,001 to 50,000
36,641
 5.1 
700,292,145
 12.2 
50,001 to 100,000
2,541
 0.4 
173,186,182
 3.0 
100,001 to 500,000
1,137
 0.2 
201,401,057
 3.5 
More than 500,001
248
 0.03 
3,734,371,871
 64.8 
Total
714,069
 100 
5,763,285,465
 100 
Note: in the case of shares kept by investors through a custodian placed outside Spain, only the custodian will be considered as a shareholder, which is who appears registered 
in the accounting record of book entries, so the number of shareholders stated does not consider those indirect holders.
Shareholder remuneration
In November 2021, the Board of Directors of BBVA set as its shareholder remuneration policy the annual distribution of between 40% 
and 50% of the consolidated ordinary profit for each year, to be implemented through the distribution of an interim dividend for the 
year (expected to be paid in October of each year), and a final dividend (to be paid once the year has ended and the distribution of the 
profit has been approved, expected to be in April). It also established that cash distributions could be combined with share buybacks, 
subject to the applicable authorizations and approvals at any given time.
The Bank announced by means of an inside information notice (información privilegiada) dated September 26, 2024, that the Board 
of Directors of BBVA had agreed to pay an interim dividend for the year 2024, in the amount of 0.29 gross euros per share, which was 
paid on October 10, 2024. This dividend was 81% higher than the dividend paid in October 2023 (€0.16 gross per share). 
Additionally, BBVA announced on January 30, 2025 by means of an inside information notice (información privilegiada) it is expected 
to be submitted to the relevant governing bodies for their consideration a cash gross distribution in the amount of €0.41 per share, to 
be paid presumably on April as final dividend of 2024 and the execution of a Share Buyback Program of BBVA for an amount of 
€993m, subject to the corresponding regulatory authorizations and the communication with the program specific terms and 
conditions before its effective start. Thus, the total distribution for the year 2024 will reach €5,027m, a 50% of the net attributable 
profit, of which €0.70 gross per share will be distributed in cash, taking into account the payment in cash of €0.29 gross per share 
paid in October 2024 as interim dividend of the year.
In addition, during 2024 a share buyback program was carried out, which BBVA announced on January 30 of that year for a maximum 
amount of €781m and which was part of the ordinary remuneration corresponding to 2023. Between March 4 and April 9 2024, 
74,654,915 treasury shares representing approximately 1.28% of BBVA's share capital were acquired and subsequently amortized.
Finally, it should be noted that shareholder remuneration, measured through TSR (Total Shareholder Return), which considers both 
the evolution of the share price and the payment of dividends has been 22.8% in 2024. Since January 2019, BBVA's TSR has been 
186% higher than that of the Stoxx Banks index (126%).
Consolidated Management Report Financial information
378
This English version is a translation of the original in Spanish for information purposes only. In case of a discrepancy, the Spanish original will prevail.

General Shareholders' Meeting
In 2024, BBVA held its General Shareholders' Meeting on March 15 at the Euskalduna Palace in Bilbao and set up the corresponding 
channels for remote attendance, as well as to follow it through streaming, with free access from the corporate website.
The General Shareholders' Meeting had a quorum of 71%, approving by a large majority all the items on the agenda, including those 
relating to the annual financial statements, the management of the Company for the year, the proposal for shareholder remuneration 
and those relating to the appointment and re-election of directors.
BBVA is committed to achieving carbon neutrality, minimizing negative environmental impacts and generating a benefit for the host 
community and all those involved in the process. Aligned with these objectives, the General Meeting was certified as a sustainable 
event by AENOR, according to the UNE-ISO 201221 standard, and offset the carbon emissions generated at the event. 
Lastly, on the occasion of the General Shareholders' Meeting, and in order to contribute to inclusive and sustainable growth, BBVA for 
the fourth year in a row made a solidarity contribution in Spain of €300,000 to various NGOs to finance projects in the areas of 
inclusive growth and the environment. The distribution of the funds was put to the vote of the shareholders in each of the four 
established purposes.
BBVA held an Extraordinary General Meeting of Shareholders (hereinafter EGM) on 5 July at the Palacio Euskalduna in Bilbao. The 
EGM was massively approved, with 96% of votes in favor, the capital increase necessary to meet the share exchange offered to Banco 
Sabadell shareholders. The approval of the capital increase by the EGM was one of the conditions set out in the takeover offer to 
Banco Sabadell shareholders. For more information on this matter, see note 3 of the accompanying Consolidated Financial 
Statements.
Shareholder and investor relations
Shareholders and investors, both national and international, represent a very relevant stakeholder group for BBVA. For this reason, 
the Group is in constant communication with them in order to keep them informed of the performance of the company and of all 
relevant issues that may be necessary for the proper exercise of their voting and decision-making rights.
BBVA's Policy on Communication and Contact with Shareholders and Investors, aims to promote the transparency of the Bank's 
public information, and to do so on an ongoing basis. The Shareholder and Investor Relations area offers shareholders a wide variety 
of communication, participation and dialogue channels, including the following:
Conferences and meetings with shareholders and investors
The Shareholder and Investor Relations team periodically organizes and attends to informative meetings (meetings, conferences and 
other events), in person and online, in which representatives of the Bank meet with analysts, shareholders and investors to inform 
them of the Group's financial and strategic performance and other aspects of interest and to answer their comments and questions in 
a personalized way. 
Shareholders and investors web page
BBVA has a web page especially aimed at its shareholders and investors (www.accionistaseinversores.bbva.com), which offers 
institutional and economic-financial information on the Group's activity, as well as other contents of interest to them. This information 
is also available on the Group's corporate website (www.bbva.com).
Webcasts and conference-calls
BBVA has a live broadcast channel for quarterly earnings presentations and other market-relevant communications, which allows 
shareholders, investors, analysts and anyone else who wishes to access them. This channel is also available on a delayed broadcast 
basis and is accessible through the shareholders' and investors' website.
Inquiry service and Shareholders Office
In order to facilitate open and transparent communication with shareholders, the Bank maintains permanent communication 
channels (a telephone line and specific electronic mailboxes), through which requests for information, clarifications or questions and 
their corresponding answers are channeled.
Lastly, BBVA offers its shareholders and other stakeholders (analysts, rating agencies, etc.), a subscription service that allows them 
to know in real time any news published on the corporate website, in relation to financial reports, relevant facts or economic-financial 
presentations. (accionistaseinversores.bbva.com/suscripcion).
Consolidated Management Report Financial information
379
This English version is a translation of the original in Spanish for information purposes only. In case of a discrepancy, the Spanish original will prevail.

2. Business areas
This section presents the most relevant aspects of the Group's different business areas. Specifically, for each one of them, it shows a 
summary of the income statements and balance sheets, the business activity figures and the most significant ratios.
The structure of the business areas reported by the BBVA Group at the end of 2024 is the same as the one presented at the end of 
2023.
The composition of BBVA Group's business areas is summarized below:
–
Spain mainly includes the banking, insurance and asset management activities that the Group carries out in this country. 
–
Mexico includes banking, insurance and asset management activities in this country, as well as the activity that BBVA 
Mexico carries out through its agency in Houston.
–
Turkey reports the activity of the group Garanti BBVA that is mainly carried out in this country and, to a lesser extent, in 
Romania and the Netherlands.
–
South America includes banking, financial, insurance and asset management activities conducted, mainly, in Argentina, 
Chile, Colombia, Peru, Uruguay and Venezuela.
–
Rest of Business mainly incorporates the wholesale activity carried out in Europe (excluding Spain), the United States, and 
BBVA’s branches in Asia.
The Corporate Center contains the centralized functions of the Group, including: the costs of the head offices with a corporate 
function for the Group; structural exchange rate positions management; portfolios whose management is not linked to customer 
relations, such as financial and industrial holdings; stakes in Funds & Investment Vehicles in tech companies; certain tax assets and 
liabilities; funds due to commitments to employees; goodwill and other intangible assets as well as portfolios and assets' funding. 
Finally, in the description of this aggregate, it is worth mentioning that the Corporate Center's tax expense includes for each interim 
period the difference between the effective tax rate in the period of each business area and the expected tax rate of the Group for the 
year as a whole.
In addition to these geographical breakdowns, supplementary pro forma information is provided for the wholesale business, 
Corporate & Investment Banking (CIB), carried out by BBVA in the countries where it operates. This business is relevant to have a 
broader understanding of the Group's activity and results due to the important features of the type of customers served, products 
offered and risks assumed, even if this is a pro forma information that does not capture the application of the hyperinflation 
accounting nor the wholesale business of the Group in Venezuela.
To prepare the information by business areas, which is presented under management criteria based on the financial information used 
in the preparation of the financial statements, the lowest level units and/or companies that make up the Group are taken and 
assigned to the different areas according to the main region or company group in which they carry out their activity. In regards to the 
information on the business areas and on the supplementary pro-forma information about CIB, in the first quarter of 2024 the Group 
changed its allocation criteria for certain expenses, mainly related with global international projects between the Corporate Center 
and the business areas (where they are currently charged), so, in order to make those year-on-year comparisons homogeneous, the 
figures for year 2023 have been revised, which has not affected the consolidated financial information of the Group.
Regarding the shareholders' funds allocation in the business areas, a capital allocation system based on the consumed regulatory 
capital is used.
Finally, it should be noted that, as usual, in the case of the different business areas, that is, Mexico, Turkey, South America and Rest of 
Business, and, additionally, CIB, in addition to the year-on-year variations applying current exchange rates, the variations at constant 
exchange rates are also disclosed.
GROSS INCOME ⁽¹⁾, OPERATING INCOME ⁽¹⁾ AND NET ATTRIBUTABLE PROFIT ⁽¹⁾ BREAKDOWN (PERCENTAGE. 2024)
Gross income
Operating income
Net attributable profit
26.4
42.7
11.7
15.1
4.1
Spain
Mexico
Turkey
South America
Rest of Business
27.3
47.5
9.3
12.6
3.2
34.5
49.6
5.6
5.8 4.6
⁽¹⁾ Excludes the Corporate Center.
Consolidated Management Report Financial information
380
This English version is a translation of the original in Spanish for information purposes only. In case of a discrepancy, the Spanish original will prevail.

MAIN INCOME STATEMENT LINE ITEMS BY BUSINESS AREA (MILLIONS OF EUROS)
Business areas
BBVA 
Group
Spain
Mexico
Turkey
South 
America
Rest of 
Business
∑ Business 
areas
Corporate 
Center
2024
Net interest income
25,267
6,435
11,556
1,492
5,589
741
25,813
(546)
Gross income
35,481
9,490
15,337
4,212
5,405
1,458
35,902
(421)
Operating income 
21,288
6,140
10,689
2,101
2,838
715
22,485
(1,197)
Profit (loss) before tax
15,405
5,309
7,522
1,741
1,342
634
16,547
(1,142)
Net attributable profit (loss)
10,054
3,784
5,447
611
635
500
10,978
(924)
2023 ⁽¹⁾
Net interest income
23,089
5,620
11,054
1,869
4,394
539
23,476
(386)
Gross income
29,542
7,888
14,267
2,981
4,331
1,103
30,571
(1,029)
Operating income 
17,233
4,693
9,853
1,579
2,381
517
19,022
(1,789)
Profit (loss) before tax
12,419
3,897
7,329
1,324
1,189
489
14,228
(1,809)
Net attributable profit (loss)
8,019
2,720
5,319
527
601
396
9,564
(1,544)
⁽¹⁾ Revised balances.
MAIN BALANCE-SHEET ITEMS AND RISK-WEIGHTED ASSETS BY BUSINESS AREA (MILLIONS OF EUROS)
Business areas
BBVA 
Group
Spain
Mexico
Turkey
South 
America
Rest of 
Business
∑ Business 
areas
Corporate 
Center
Deletions
31-12-24
Loans and advances to customers
412,477
179,667
88,725
48,299
46,846
50,392
413,930
297
(1,750)
Deposits from customers
447,646
228,471
84,949
58,095
50,738
27,432
449,685
961
(3,000)
Off-balance sheet funds
192,606
108,695
57,253
18,076
7,936
645
192,605
1
—
Total assets/liabilities and equity
772,402
417,752
168,470
82,782
73,997
66,534
809,536
25,802
(62,936)
RWAs
394,468
122,627
92,925
64,821
56,489
44,407
381,269
13,199
—
31-12-23
Loans and advances to customers
377,643
173,169
88,112
37,416
41,213
39,322
379,231
230
(1,819)
Deposits from customers
413,487
217,235
92,564
50,651
42,567
13,056
416,073
181
(2,768)
Off-balance sheet funds
164,367
97,253
53,254
7,768
5,525
566
164,366
1
—
Total assets/liabilities and equity
775,558
457,573
173,489
68,329
64,779
64,274
828,445
23,074
(75,961)
RWAs
363,915
121,779
91,865
54,506
49,117
36,410
353,678
10,237
—
Consolidated Management Report Financial information
381
This English version is a translation of the original in Spanish for information purposes only. In case of a discrepancy, the Spanish original will prevail.

At December 31, 2024, the number of Group's employees stood at 125,916, an increase of 3.6% compared to the previous year 2023, 
as a result mainly of the hiring of technological profiles in all geographical areas.
NUMBER OF EMPLOYEES
115,675
121,486
125,916
1,386
1,490
1,732
23,149
23,679
23,773
21,684
22,016
22,664
43,511
46,891
48,893
25,945
27,410
28,854
Spain
Mexico
Turkey
South America
Rest
Dec.22
Dec.23
Dec.24
NUMBER OF ATMS
29,807
30,301
30,391
22
22
22
5,334
5,341
5,258
5,659
5,718
6,030
14,019
14,500
14,439
4,773
4,720
4,642
Spain
Mexico
Turkey
South America
Rest
Dec.22
Dec.23
Dec.24
NUMBER OF BRANCHES
6,040
5,949
5,749
31
31
31
1,418
1,395
1,221
972
935
925
1,733
1,706
1,691
1,886
1,882
1,881
Spain
Mexico
Turkey
South America
Rest
Dec.22
Dec.23
Dec.24
Consolidated Management Report Financial information
382
This English version is a translation of the original in Spanish for information purposes only. In case of a discrepancy, the Spanish original will prevail.

2.1 Spain
Highlights
•
Good investment evolution focused on the most profitable segments
•
Operating income growth of 30.8%  
•
Evolution of risk indicators in line with expectations 
 
•
Excellent results
BUSINESS ACTIVITY ⁽¹⁾ (VARIATION COMPARED TO 
31-12-23)
+4.1%
+5.2%
Performing loans and 
advances to customers 
under management
Customer funds under 
management
⁽¹⁾ Excluding repos.
NET INTEREST INCOME / AVERAGE TOTAL ASSETS 
(PERCENTAGE)
1.39
1.44
1.47
1.49
1.47
4Q23
1Q24
2Q24
3Q24
4Q24
.
OPERATING INCOME (MILLIONS OF EUROS)
 +30.8 %
4,693
6,140
960
1,126
1,409
1,199
1,344
1,646
1,652
1,499
1Q23
2Q23
3Q23
4Q23
1Q24
2Q24
3Q24
4Q24
NET ATTRIBUTABLE PROFIT (LOSS) (MILLIONS OF 
EUROS)
+39.1%
2,720
3,784
531
681
872
637
725
1,066
1,076
918
1Q23
2Q23
3Q23
4Q23
1Q24
2Q24
3Q24
4Q24
Consolidated Management Report Financial information
383
This English version is a translation of the original in Spanish for information purposes only. In case of a discrepancy, the Spanish original will prevail.

FINANCIAL STATEMENTS AND RELEVANT BUSINESS INDICATORS (MILLIONS OF EUROS AND PERCENTAGE)
Income statement 
2024
∆ %
2023 ⁽¹⁾
Net interest income
6,435
14.5
5,620
Net fees and commissions 
2,329
7.7
2,164
Net trading income
675
64.9
409
Other operating income and expenses
50
n.s.
(305)
    Of which: Insurance activities
379
5.4
360
Gross income
9,490
20.3
7,888
Operating expenses
(3,349)
4.8
(3,195)
Personnel expenses
(1,800)
2.3
(1,759)
Other administrative expenses
(1,183)
12.4
(1,053)
Depreciation
(366)
(4.4)
(383)
Operating income 
6,140
30.8
4,693
Impairment on financial assets not measured at fair value through profit or loss
(682)
4.8
(651)
Provisions or reversal of provisions and other results
(150)
3.2
(145)
Profit (loss) before tax
5,309
36.2
3,897
Income tax
(1,522)
29.5
(1,175)
Profit (loss) for the period
3,787
39.1
2,722
Non-controlling interests
(3)
31.7
(2)
Net attributable profit (loss)
3,784
39.1
2,720
⁽¹⁾ Revised balances. For more information, please refer to the “Business Areas” section.
Balance sheets
31-12-24
∆ %
31-12-23
Cash, cash balances at central banks and other demand deposits
12,734
(71.5)
44,653
Financial assets designated at fair value 
115,735
(20.8)
146,136
Of which: Loans and advances
36,753
(47.7)
70,265
Financial assets at amortized cost
237,279
9.7
216,334
    Of which: Loans and advances to customers
179,667
3.8
173,169
Inter-area positions
44,433
3.6
42,869
Tangible assets
2,781
(3.6)
2,884
Other assets
4,791
2.0
4,697
Total assets/liabilities and equity
417,752
(8.7)
457,573
Financial liabilities held for trading and designated at fair value through profit or 
loss
75,279
(32.6)
111,701
Deposits from central banks and credit institutions
31,819
(27.2)
43,694
Deposits from customers
228,471
5.2
217,235
Debt certificates
47,424
(7.9)
51,472
Inter-area positions
—
—
—
Other liabilities
19,439
4.6
18,579
Regulatory capital allocated
15,320
2.9
14,892
Relevant business indicators 
31-12-24
∆ %
31-12-23
Performing loans and advances to customers under management ⁽²⁾
176,720
4.1
169,712
Non-performing loans 
7,700
(6.0)
8,189
Customer deposits under management ⁽²⁾
220,907
2.3
216,005
Off-balance sheet funds ⁽³⁾
108,695
11.8
97,253
Risk-weighted assets
122,627
0.7
121,779
Efficiency ratio (%)
35.3
40.5
NPL ratio (%)
3.7
4.1
NPL coverage ratio (%)
59
55
Cost of risk (%)
0.38
0.37
⁽²⁾ Excluding repos.
⁽³⁾ Includes mutual funds, customer portfolios and pension funds.
Consolidated Management Report Financial information
384
This English version is a translation of the original in Spanish for information purposes only. In case of a discrepancy, the Spanish original will prevail.

Macro and industry trends
Economic activity showed dynamism throughout 2024, largely due to services exports, fiscal policy, private consumption and the 
increase in the labor force caused by factors such as higher migratory flows. In this context, recent data suggest, according to BBVA 
Research, that GDP growth has been around 3.1% in 2024, slightly higher than the previous forecast (2.9%). On the other hand, a less 
favorable external environment, a gradual fiscal consolidation, a possible smoothing of services exports after strong increases in 
previous years and the economic impact (limited for the country as a whole, but negative) of the recent Isolated High-Level 
Depression (DANA for its acronym in Spanish) in the Valencia region point to a moderation of growth to around 2.3% in 2025 (10 
basis points lower than previously forecast). Annual inflation, which closed 2024 at around 2.8%, is likely to remain slightly below 
2.0% in 2025.  
Regarding the banking system, with data at the end of November 2024, the volume of credit to the private sector grew by 0.3% year-
on-year, with greater growth in the loan portfolio to households (+0.9%, with the mortgage portfolio increasing +0.1% year-on-year at 
the end of November 2024 compared to the decrease of 3.3% at the end of 2023) than in the loan portfolio to non-financial 
corporations (+0.2%). It is important to note that since 2009, with the exception of the growth registered in 2020 thanks to COVID 
support measures, there has been no loan growth in the system. Customer deposits increased by 10.4% year-on-year in November 
2024, due to a 7.3% rise in demand deposits and a 31.1% increase in time deposits. The NPL ratio stood at 3.38% in November 2024, 
19 basis points lower than in October of the previous year. It should also be noted that the system maintains comfortable levels of 
solvency and liquidity.
Activity
The most relevant aspects related to the area's activity during 2024 were:
–
Loan balances  increased by 4.1%, boosted by the dynamism of wholesale portfolios, where the corporate banking and CIB 
segments grew 7.0% and medium-sized companies 6.3%. Among retail portfolios, the evolution of consumer loans 
(including credit cards) which stood at 6.8% and of mortgages which was 1.6%, were noteworthy. 
–
Total customer funds grew by 5.2% during 2024. The performance of off-balance sheet funds (mutual and pension funds 
and managed portfolios) was notable, increasing by 11.8%, driven by inflows during the year and a very positive market 
effect. On the other hand, customer deposits registered an increase of 2.3% during 2024, with an increase in the balances 
of retail banking and institutional customers.
–
With regard to asset quality, the NPL ratio decreased by -37 basis points in the year and stood at 3.7%, mainly due to the 
portfolio sales made during the year, as well as the better performance of the mortgage portfolio with lower inflows and 
higher recoveries, and a decrease in the wholesale balance, where it continues with negative net inflows. For its part, the 
NPL coverage ratio increased 444 basis points to 59% at the end of December 2024, as a result of the decrease in the 
performing balance.
Results
Spain generated a net attributable profit of €3,784m in 2024, which is 39.1% above the result achieved in 2023. This result is driven 
by the favorable evolution of the recurring revenues from the banking business, particularly net interest income, although the other 
components of gross income contributed to a growth of more than 20.3% in this line of the area's income statement.
The most relevant aspects of the year-on-year changes in the area's income statement at the end of December 2024 were:
–
Net interest income grew by 14.5%, mainly supported by the increase in customer spread, as a result of higher benchmark 
interest rates over 2023, which continue to be favorable despite the downward revisions made by the ECB during 2024. 
This, linked to the growth in activity  volumes during the year, largely offset the increase in lending costs.
–
Fees and Commissions grew by 7.7% in the year. The contribution of fees from asset management, insurance and securities 
was especially relevant, as was the fee income from wholesale customers, which had a good performance in the year.
–
Growth in the NTI contribution (+64.9%), mainly as a result of the performance of Global Markets.
–
The year-on-year evolution of the aggregate other income and operating expenses was positive, mainly due to the absence 
of contribution to the FUR during 2024 and a significantly lower contribution to the Deposit Guarantee Fund compared to 
the one registered in 2023 after reaching the minimum coverage level established by the European regulations for covered 
deposits. This line also includes the annual temporary tax on credit institutions and financial credit institutions for year 2024 
of €285m, which is €70m higher than in the same period of the previous year. The contribution from insurance business 
was higher.
–
Operating expenses increased by 4.8%, mainly as a result of the inflation impact on general expenses, and to a lesser 
extent, the increase in personnel expenses, which includes the wage improvements contained in the XXV banking collective 
bargaining agreement114. This growth was notably lower than that experienced by the gross income (+20.3%), which 
allowed an improvement of the efficiency ratio of 521 basis points in the year.
Consolidated Management Report Financial information
385
This English version is a translation of the original in Spanish for information purposes only. In case of a discrepancy, the Spanish original will prevail.
114  According to the resolution of December, 20  2024 of the Directorate General of Labor and applicable to the period from January, 1  2024 to December, 31 2026.

–
Impairment on financial assets increased by 4.8%, in line with expectations, mainly due to higher requirements in wholesale 
after a very positive result in 2023. The cumulative cost of risk at the end of December 2024 stood at 0.38%, in line with the 
end of the previous year.
Consolidated Management Report Financial information
386
This English version is a translation of the original in Spanish for information purposes only. In case of a discrepancy, the Spanish original will prevail.

2.2 Mexico
Highlights
•
Investment growth in all segments, both wholesale and retail
•
Very positive performance of recurring revenues due to business growth
•
Excellent double-digit operating income growth
•
Evolution of risk indicators in line with expectations 
 
BUSINESS ACTIVITY ⁽¹⁾ (VARIATION AT CONSTANT 
EXCHANGE RATE COMPARED TO 31-12-23)
+15.6%
+12.7%
Performing loans and 
advances to customers 
under management
Customer funds under 
management
⁽¹⁾ Excluding repos.
NET INTEREST INCOME / AVERAGE TOTAL ASSETS 
(PERCENTAGE AT CONSTANT EXCHANGE RATE)
7.33
7.40
7.22
7.44
7.28
4Q23
1Q24
2Q24
3Q24
4Q24
.
OPERATING INCOME (MILLIONS OF EUROS AT 
CONSTANT EXCHANGE RATE)
 +12.1 % (1)
9,537
10,689
2,337
2,324
2,420 2,456
2,580
2,561
2,797
2,752
1Q23
2Q23
3Q23
4Q23
1Q24
2Q24
3Q24
4Q24
⁽¹⁾ At current exchange rate: +8.5%.
NET ATTRIBUTABLE PROFIT (LOSS) (MILLIONS OF 
EUROS AT CONSTANT EXCHANGE RATE)
 +5.8 % (1)
5,149
5,447
1,294
1,288
1,283
1,285
1,341
1,327
1,411
1,368
1Q23
2Q23
3Q23
4Q23
1Q24
2Q24
3Q24
4Q24
⁽¹⁾ At current exchange rate: +2.4%.
Consolidated Management Report Financial information
387
This English version is a translation of the original in Spanish for information purposes only. In case of a discrepancy, the Spanish original will prevail.

FINANCIAL STATEMENTS AND RELEVANT BUSINESS INDICATORS (MILLIONS OF EUROS AND PERCENTAGE)
Income statement 
2024
∆ %
∆ % ⁽²⁾
2023 ⁽¹⁾
Net interest income
11,556
4.5
8.0
11,054
Net fees and commissions 
2,443
9.7
13.4
2,226
Net trading income
767
34.0
38.5
572
Other operating income and expenses
571
37.4
42.0
415
Gross income
15,337
7.5
11.1
14,267
Operating expenses
(4,648)
5.3
8.8
(4,415)
Personnel expenses
(2,264)
7.8
11.4
(2,100)
Other administrative expenses
(1,906)
3.3
6.7
(1,846)
Depreciation
(477)
1.8
5.2
(469)
Operating income 
10,689
8.5
12.1
9,853
Impairment on financial assets not measured at fair value through 
profit or loss
(3,098)
24.0
28.1
(2,499)
Provisions or reversal of provisions and other results
(69)
175.0
184.1
(25)
Profit (loss) before tax
7,522
2.6
6.0
7,329
Income tax
(2,074)
3.2
6.6
(2,009)
Profit (loss) for the period
5,448
2.4
5.8
5,320
Non-controlling interests
(1)
2.0
5.3
(1)
Net attributable profit (loss)
5,447
2.4
5.8
5,319
⁽¹⁾ Revised balances. For more information, please refer to the “Business Areas” section.
Balance sheets
31-12-24
∆ %
∆ % ⁽²⁾
31-12-23
Cash, cash balances at central banks and other demand deposits
12,564
24.5
43.3
10,089
Financial assets designated at fair value 
54,547
(9.7)
4.0
60,379
Of which: Loans and advances
2,088
(59.7)
(53.6)
5,180
Financial assets at amortized cost
94,595
(1.8)
13.0
96,342
    Of which: Loans and advances to customers
88,725
0.7
15.9
88,112
Tangible assets
2,038
(14.6)
(1.7)
2,387
Other assets
4,726
10.1
26.7
4,293
Total assets/liabilities and equity
168,470
(2.9)
11.8
173,489
Financial liabilities held for trading and designated at fair value 
through profit or loss
30,885
8.4
24.8
28,492
Deposits from central banks and credit institutions
9,149
4.7
20.5
8,739
Deposits from customers
84,949
(8.2)
5.6
92,564
Debt certificates
10,717
10.3
26.9
9,719
Other liabilities
21,043
(7.5)
6.4
22,756
Regulatory capital allocated
11,727
4.5
20.3
11,218
Relevant business indicators 
31-12-24
∆ %
∆ % ⁽²⁾
31-12-23
Performing loans and advances to customers under management ⁽³⁾
89,044
0.4
15.6
88,688
Non-performing loans 
2,517
1.8
17.2
2,472
Customer deposits under management ⁽³⁾
83,962
(7.7)
6.3
90,926
Off-balance sheet funds ⁽⁴⁾
57,253
7.5
23.7
53,254
Risk-weighted assets
92,925
1.2
16.4
91,865
Efficiency ratio (%)
30.3
30.9
NPL ratio (%)
2.7
2.6
NPL coverage ratio (%)
121
123
Cost of risk (%)
3.39
2.96
⁽²⁾ At constant exchange rate.
⁽³⁾ Excluding repos.
⁽⁴⁾ Includes mutual funds, customer portfolios and other off-balance sheet funds.
Consolidated Management Report Financial information
388
This English version is a translation of the original in Spanish for information purposes only. In case of a discrepancy, the Spanish original will prevail.

Macro and industry trends
GDP growth decelerated in 2024 and will remain relatively limited in 2025, in a context marked by uncertainty around the impact of 
the recently approved constitutional reforms and the policies of the new United States Administration, as well as by an expected 
process of fiscal consolidation after the increase in the public deficit in 2024. In particular, BBVA Research forecasts that GDP growth 
will reach 1.2% in 2024 and 1.0% in 2025, unchanged from previous forecasts. Annual inflation reached 4.5% at the end of 2024 and 
is expected to moderate to between 3.0% and 4.0% in 2025. In this context, policy rates, which were cut to 10.0% in December, are 
expected to decline further, converging to around 8.0% by the end of 2025.
Regarding the banking system, with data at the end of November 2024, the volume of credit to the non-financial private sector 
increased by 13.2% year-on-year, with growth in all the main portfolios: consumer credit (+18.0%), credit for home purchases 
(+7.6%) and credit to companies (+13.4%). Growth in total deposits (demand and time deposits) remained slightly below the growth 
in lending (+10.5% year-on-year in November), with greater dynamism in time deposits (+13.8%) than in demand deposits (+8.7%). 
The system's NPL ratio improved slightly to 2.26% in November 2024 and capital indicators are healthy.
Unless expressly stated otherwise, all the comments below on rates of variation, for both activity and results, will be given at constant 
exchange rate. These rates, together with variations at current exchange rates, can be found in the attached tables of financial 
statements and relevant business indicators.
Activity
The most relevant aspects related to the area's activity115 in 2024 were:
–
Lending activity (performing loans under management) showed a very strong growth, which stood at 15.6% between 
January and the end of December 2024, with a more dynamic performance of the wholesale portfolio, which grew by 18.1%. 
Within this portfolio, which includes companies and public administrations, the evolution of the corporate banking segment 
was outstanding. In the retail portfolio, which grew at a rate of 13.8%, consumer loans increased by 17.0%, mortgages by 
9.2%, credit cards by 13.7% and loans to SMEs by 19.8%.
–
Customer funds under management increased 12.7% in 2024, with growths of 6.3% in customer deposits and 23.7% in off-
balance sheet funds thanks to the sales boost.
–
With regard to asset quality indicators, the NPL ratio stood at 2.7% at the end of December 2024, which represents a slight 
increase of 6 basis points compared to the previous year, mainly due to higher inflows in retail, mitigated by transfers to 
write-offs. For its part, the NPL coverage ratio remained at high levels, at 121%, at the end of December 2024, which 
represents a decrease of 197 basis points compared to the end of 2023, as a result of new entries in retail portfolios.
Results
BBVA Mexico achieved a cumulative net attributable profit of €5,447m at the end of December 2024, representing a growth of 5.8% 
compared to the end of the previous year, mainly due to the evolution of the recurring income from the banking business and with all 
lines that contribute to the gross income showing high dynamism.
The most relevant aspects of the year-on-year changes in the income statement as of the end of December 2024 are summarized 
below:
–
Net interest income increased by 8.0%, as a result of the growth in lending activity and the profitability of the securities 
portfolio.
–
Net fees and commissions continued to grow at double digit (+13.4%), favored by higher transaction volumes and driven by 
almost all types of fees, particularly those associated with credit cards, mutual fund management and wholesale activity. 
–
The contribution from NTI increased (+38.5%) mainly as a result of the performance of Global Markets and the foreign 
exchange trading.
–
Other operating income and expenses grew by 42.0%, driven by the favorable evolution of the insurance business which 
benefited from cross-selling due to a higher volume of lending activity and partially offset by an increase in the contribution 
to the DGF. 
–
Operating expenses grew  (+8.8%), mainly due to higher personnel expenses associated with the increase in the headcount 
over the course of 2023, and, to a lesser extent, the increase of general expenses, where investments in technology stand 
out.
–
Loan-loss provisions increased (+28.1%), affected by the higher provisioning needs in the retail portfolio, mainly in 
consumer and credit cards, due to the growth of these profitable segments and the worsening of the macroeconomic 
scenario compared to the one initially forecast at the beginning of 2024. For its part, the cumulative cost of risk at the end of 
December 2024 stood at 3.39%, in line with expectations for the year as a whole.
Consolidated Management Report Financial information
389
This English version is a translation of the original in Spanish for information purposes only. In case of a discrepancy, the Spanish original will prevail.
115 Breakdown of activity data by portfolio based on local accounting criteria.

2.3 Turkey
Highlights
•
Loan growth continues, both in Turkish lira and foreign currency
•
Good performance of net fee and commission income and net trading income
•
Risk indicator standardization
•
Growth in net attributable profit despite hyperinflationary environment
BUSINESS ACTIVITY ⁽¹⁾ (VARIATION AT CONSTANT 
EXCHANGE RATE COMPARED TO 31-12-23)
+45.4%
+48.8%
Performing loans and 
advances to customers 
under management
Customer funds under 
management
⁽¹⁾ Excluding repos.
NET INTEREST INCOME / AVERAGE TOTAL ASSETS 
(PERCENTAGE AT CONSTANT EXCHANGE RATE)
2.61
1.66
1.86
1.94
2.66
4Q23
1Q24
2Q24
3Q24
4Q24
.
OPERATING INCOME (MILLIONS OF EUROS AT 
CURRENT EXCHANGE RATE)
 +33.1 % (1)
1,579
2,101
403
485
375
316
453
530
475
644
1Q23
2Q23
3Q23
4Q23
1Q24
2Q24
3Q24
4Q24
NET ATTRIBUTABLE PROFIT (LOSS) (MILLIONS OF 
EUROS AT CURRENT EXCHANGE RATE)
 +15.9 % 
527
611
277
248
-159
161
144
207
82
177
1Q23
2Q23
3Q23
4Q23
1Q24
2Q24
3Q24
4Q24
Consolidated Management Report Financial information
390
This English version is a translation of the original in Spanish for information purposes only. In case of a discrepancy, the Spanish original will prevail.

FINANCIAL STATEMENTS AND RELEVANT BUSINESS INDICATORS (MILLIONS OF EUROS AND PERCENTAGE)
Income statement 
2024
∆ %
∆ % ⁽²⁾
2023 ⁽¹⁾
Net interest income
1,492
(20.2)
(10.4)
1,869
Net fees and commissions 
2,111
111.5
135.1
998
Net trading income
1,145
22.1
34.5
937
Other operating income and expenses
(535)
(35.1)
(44.8)
(824)
Gross income
4,212
41.3
72.4
2,981
Operating expenses
(2,111)
50.6
67.8
(1,402)
Personnel expenses
(1,232)
58.9
78.0
(775)
Other administrative expenses
(663)
39.0
55.6
(477)
Depreciation
(216)
44.3
55.0
(150)
Operating income 
2,101
33.1
77.2
1,579
Impairment on financial assets not measured at fair value through 
profit or loss
(526)
n.s.
n.s.
(118)
Provisions or reversal of provisions and other results
165
n.s.
n.s.
(137)
Profit (loss) before tax
1,741
31.5
83.3
1,324
Income tax
(1,014)
44.4
68.6
(702)
Profit (loss) for the period
727
16.9
108.6
622
Non-controlling interests
(116)
22.6
108.9
(95)
Net attributable profit (loss)
611
15.9
108.6
527
⁽¹⁾ Revised balances. For more information, please refer to the “Business Areas” section.
Balance sheets
31-12-24
∆ %
∆ % ⁽²⁾
31-12-23
Cash, cash balances at central banks and other demand deposits
8,828
(9.0)
2.4
9,700
Financial assets designated at fair value 
4,503
22.0
37.2
3,692
Of which: Loans and advances
2
(3.8)
8.2
2
Financial assets at amortized cost
64,893
25.9
41.6
51,543
    Of which: Loans and advances to customers
48,299
29.1
45.2
37,416
Tangible assets
2,064
37.9
49.6
1,496
Other assets
2,494
31.4
47.0
1,899
Total assets/liabilities and equity
82,782
21.2
36.2
68,329
Financial liabilities held for trading and designated at fair value 
through profit or loss
1,943
3.5
16.4
1,878
Deposits from central banks and credit institutions
4,267
85.1
108.2
2,306
Deposits from customers
58,095
14.7
29.0
50,651
Debt certificates
4,517
65.1
85.7
2,737
Other liabilities
5,714
32.3
46.8
4,319
Regulatory capital allocated
8,245
28.1
44.0
6,438
Relevant business indicators 
31-12-24
∆ %
∆ % ⁽²⁾
31-12-23
Performing loans and advances to customers under management ⁽³⁾
48,242
29.2
45.4
37,339
Non-performing loans 
2,016
2.6
15.4
1,965
Customer deposits under management ⁽³⁾
57,443
16.5
31.0
49,321
Off-balance sheet funds ⁽⁴⁾
18,076
132.7
161.8
7,768
Risk-weighted assets
64,821
18.9
33.6
54,506
Efficiency ratio (%)
50.1
47.0
NPL ratio (%)
3.1
3.8
NPL coverage ratio (%)
96
97
Cost of risk (%)
1.27
0.25
⁽²⁾ At constant exchange rate.
⁽³⁾ Excluding repos.
⁽⁴⁾ Includes mutual funds and pension funds.
Consolidated Management Report Financial information
391
This English version is a translation of the original in Spanish for information purposes only. In case of a discrepancy, the Spanish original will prevail.

Macro and industry trends
Since the general election in May 2023, there have been increasing signs of normalization of economic policy in general and monetary 
policy in particular, pointing to a gradual correction of the current macroeconomic shocks. In this regard, benchmark interest rates 
have been raised from 8.5% at the beginning of 2023 to 50% in September 2024 and other countercyclical measures have been 
announced, supporting a slowdown in domestic demand, relative exchange rate stability and a moderation of annual inflation to 
44.4% in December. In response to these developments, most recently, in December 2024, the central bank cut interest rates by 250 
basis points to 47.5%. As inflation continues to moderate, as expected by BBVA Research, which forecasts a further slowdown to 
around 26% by the end of 2025, interest rates could be cut further, to around 31% by the end of this year. This reduction in inflation 
and interest rates is likely to be supported by relatively limited economic growth of around 3.2% in 2024 (unchanged from the 
previous forecast) and 2.5% in 2025 (20 basis points below the previous forecast). Despite the uncertainty, a less favorable global 
environment and some fiscal consolidation will help growth to remain below levels considered potential this year.
As for the Turkish banking system, the impact of inflation continues to prevail. The total volume of credit in the system increased by 
36.6% year-on-year at the end of November 2024, at similar levels to the previous months. The stock of credit continued to be driven 
by consumer credit and credit card portfolios (46% year-on-year) and by credit to companies (+34.6% year-on-year). Total deposits 
maintained the strength of the last few months and grew 29.8% year-on-year at the end of November 2024. Turkish lira deposits 
continued to grow strongly in the same month (+42.3%) while US dollar deposits grew more slowly (+11.3%). Dollarization decreased 
to 34.6% in November 2024 from 40.3% a year earlier. The NPL ratio of the system remains well under control and stood at 1.96% in 
November 2024. With respect to the capital indicators, they remain at more than comfortable levels as of the same date.
Unless expressly stated otherwise, all comments below on rates of changes for both activity and results, will be presented at constant 
exchange rates. These rates, together with changes at current exchange rates, can be observed in the attached tables of the financial 
statements and relevant business indicators. For the conversion of these figures, the end of period exchange rate as of December 31, 
2024 is used, reflecting the considerable depreciation by the Turkish lira in the last twelve months. Likewise, the Balance sheet, the 
Risk-Weighted Asset (RWA) and the equity are affected. 
Activity116
The most relevant aspects related to the area’s activity in 2024 were:
–
Lending activity (performing loans under management) increased by 45.4% in 2024, mainly due to the performance in 
Turkish lira loans (+50.6%, above the inflation rate for the period, which stood at 44,4%) where the performance of credit 
cards and, to a lesser extent, consumer loans (including car loans) stands out. For its part, foreign currency loans (in U.S. 
dollars) increased by 15.5%, boosted by the increase in activity with customers focused on foreign trade (with natural 
hedging of exchange rate risk).
–
In terms of asset quality, the NPL ratio fell by 69 basis points compared to December 2023 to stand at 3.1%, mainly due to 
the growth in activity, together with higher recoveries mainly in wholesale portfolios and a higher volume of portfolio sales 
and write-offs, which have mitigated the higher volume of retail entries. The NPL coverage ratio stood at 96% at the end of 
December 2024 (-118 basis points compared to the end of 2023), mainly due to the increase in the doubtful balance in retail 
portfolios.
–
Customer deposits (70.2% of the area's total liabilities as of December 31, 2024) remained the main source of funding for 
the balance sheet and increased by 31.0% favored by evolution the positive performance of Turkish lira time deposits 
(+39.9%), which represent a 82.3% of total customer deposits in local currency. Balances deposited in foreign currency (in 
U.S. dollars) remain below the closing level of 2023 (-5.0%), with transfers from foreign currency time deposits to Turkish 
lira time deposits. Thus, as of December 31, 2024, Turkish lira deposits accounted for 66.8% of total customer deposits in 
the area. For its part, off-balance sheet funds show an outstanding growth of 161.8%.
Results
Turkey generated a net attributable profit of €611m during 2024, which compares favorably with the result in the same period of the 
previous year.
As mentioned above, the year-on-year comparison of the accumulated income statement at the end of December 2024 at current 
exchange rate is affected by the depreciation of the Turkish lira in the last year (-11.1%). To isolate this effect, the highlights of the 
results for 2024 at constant exchange rates are summarized below: 
–
Net interest income decreased year-on-year, mainly by the worsening of the Turkish lira spread and greater wholesale 
funding costs, partially offset by the growth in lending activity and, the remuneration of certain reserves in Turkish lira from 
the central bank since February 2024.
–
Net fees and commissions increased significantly, favored by the performance in payment systems fees, followed by the 
asset management, insurances and guarantees.
–
NTI showed an excellent evolution thanks to higher results from foreign exchange operations.
Consolidated Management Report Financial information
392
This English version is a translation of the original in Spanish for information purposes only. In case of a discrepancy, the Spanish original will prevail.
116 The variation rates of loans in Turkish lira and loans in foreign currency (U.S. dollars) are calculated based on local activity data and refer only refer to Garanti Bank and 
therefore exclude the subsidiaries of Garanti BBVA, mainly in Romania and Netherlands.

–
The other operating income and expenses line had a balance of €-535m, which compares favorably with the previous year. 
This line incorporates, among others, the loss in the value of the net monetary position due to the country's inflation rate, 
together with its partial offset by the income derived from inflation-linked bonds (CPI linkers). The net impact of both effects 
was less negative at the end of 2024 than in 2023, highlighting the third quarter of 2023 with a significant negative 
adjustment due to the higher quarterly inflation rate recorded at that time. This line also includes the results of the 
subsidiaries of Garanti BBVA, whose contribution was increased compared to 2023 and the higher contribution to the DGF.
–
Operating expenses increased, mainly due to the growth in personnel expenses, linked to the growth in the workforce in 
2023 and a salary review in the context of high inflation. On the other hand, general expenses also increased, mainly due to 
the higher technology and advertising expenditures. 
–
Regarding the impairment on financial assets, it increased due to higher requirements in retail portfolios. Thus, the 
cumulative cost of risk as of December 31, 2024 was placed at 1.27%, a more standard level after an abnormally low level in 
2023.
–
The provisions and other results line closed December 2024 with a release of €165m, linked to remarkable recoveries in 
wholesale clients, as well as the revaluations on real estate assets.
Consolidated Management Report Financial information
393
This English version is a translation of the original in Spanish for information purposes only. In case of a discrepancy, the Spanish original will prevail.

2.4 South America
Highlights
•
Growth in lending activity and in the acquisition of customer funds
•
Argentina: growth in net attributable profit despite a still complex macroeconomic environment
•
Colombia: despite the good performance of recurring revenues, the net attributable profit was impacted by higher 
provisions
•
Peru: growth in net attributable profit due to good revenue performance, improved efficiency and lower provisions 
BUSINESS ACTIVITY ⁽¹⁾ (VARIATION AT CONSTANT 
EXCHANGE RATES COMPARED TO 31-12-23)
+16.8%
+26.6%
Performing loans and 
advances to customers 
under management
Customer funds under 
management
⁽¹⁾ Excluding repos.
NET INTEREST INCOME / AVERAGE TOTAL ASSETS 
(PERCENTAGE AT CONSTANT EXCHANGE RATES)
8.47
9.07
9.15
7.38
7.64
4Q23
1Q24
2Q24
3Q24
4Q24
OPERATING INCOME (MILLIONS OF EUROS AT 
CURRENT EXCHANGE RATES)
 +19.2 % (1)
2,381
2,838
637
686
564
493
600
805
651
782
1Q23
2Q23
3Q23
4Q23
1Q24
2Q24
3Q24
4Q24
⁽¹⁾ At constant exchange rates: +27.0%.
NET ATTRIBUTABLE PROFIT (LOSS) (MILLIONS OF 
EUROS AT CURRENT EXCHANGE RATES)
 +5.6 % (1)
601
635
181
180
127
113
119
197
155
164
1Q23
2Q23
3Q23
4Q23
1Q24
2Q24
3Q24
4Q24
⁽¹⁾ At constant exchange rates: +17.1%.
Consolidated Management Report Financial information
394
This English version is a translation of the original in Spanish for information purposes only. In case of a discrepancy, the Spanish original will prevail.

FINANCIAL STATEMENTS AND RELEVANT BUSINESS INDICATORS (MILLIONS OF EUROS AND PERCENTAGE)
Income statement 
2024
∆ %
∆ % ⁽²⁾
2023 ⁽¹⁾
Net interest income
5,589
27.2
31.9
4,394
Net fees and commissions 
834
19.1
21.5
700
Net trading income
798
26.0
33.3
633
Other operating income and expenses
(1,815)
30.1
32.3
(1,395)
Gross income
5,405
24.8
30.3
4,331
Operating expenses
(2,567)
31.6
34.0
(1,951)
Personnel expenses
(1,188)
31.4
34.7
(904)
Other administrative expenses
(1,153)
30.9
32.9
(881)
Depreciation
(226)
36.4
36.5
(165)
Operating income 
2,838
19.2
27.0
2,381
Impairment on financial assets not measured at fair value through 
profit or loss
(1,369)
20.7
21.0
(1,134)
Provisions or reversal of provisions and other results
(127)
120.5
131.5
(58)
Profit (loss) before tax
1,342
12.8
28.1
1,189
Income tax
(313)
9.3
32.5
(286)
Profit (loss) for the period
1,029
14.0
26.8
903
Non-controlling interests
(394)
30.5
46.3
(302)
Net attributable profit (loss)
635
5.6
17.1
601
⁽¹⁾ Revised balances. For more information, please refer to the “Business Areas” section.
Balance sheets
31-12-24
∆ %
∆ % ⁽²⁾
31-12-23
Cash, cash balances at central banks and other demand deposits
8,906
35.2
42.0
6,585
Financial assets designated at fair value 
10,884
3.6
7.7
10,508
Of which: Loans and advances
205
(65.4)
(62.5)
592
Financial assets at amortized cost
49,983
12.3
15.9
44,508
    Of which: Loans and advances to customers
46,846
13.7
16.7
41,213
Tangible assets
1,277
35.9
35.8
939
Other assets
2,948
31.7
36.2
2,239
Total assets/liabilities and equity
73,997
14.2
18.2
64,779
Financial liabilities held for trading and designated at fair value 
through profit or loss
2,060
(37.4)
(33.1)
3,289
Deposits from central banks and credit institutions
4,292
(16.5)
(16.3)
5,140
Deposits from customers
50,738
19.2
23.2
42,567
Debt certificates
3,752
25.6
31.6
2,986
Other liabilities
6,066
34.7
40.3
4,502
Regulatory capital allocated
7,090
12.7
17.1
6,294
Relevant business indicators 
31-12-24
∆ %
∆ % ⁽²⁾
31-12-23
Performing loans and advances to customers under management ⁽³⁾
46,663
13.8
16.8
41,013
Non-performing loans 
2,387
3.7
4.7
2,302
Customer deposits under management ⁽⁴⁾
50,738
19.2
23.2
42,567
Off-balance sheet funds ⁽⁵⁾
7,936
43.6
53.5
5,525
Risk-weighted assets
56,489
15.0
18.7
49,117
Efficiency ratio (%)
47.5
45.0
NPL ratio (%)
4.5
4.8
NPL coverage ratio (%)
88
88
Cost of risk (%)
2.87
2.51
⁽²⁾ At constant exchange rate.
⁽³⁾ Excluding repos.
⁽⁴⁾ Excluding repos and including specific marketable debt securities.
⁽⁵⁾ Includes mutual funds and customer portfolios in Colombia and Peru.
Consolidated Management Report Financial information
395
This English version is a translation of the original in Spanish for information purposes only. In case of a discrepancy, the Spanish original will prevail.

SOUTH AMERICA. DATA PER COUNTRY (MILLIONS OF EUROS)
Operating income 
Net attributable profit (loss)
Country
2024
∆ %
∆ % ⁽¹⁾ 
2023 ⁽²⁾
2024
∆ %
∆ % ⁽¹⁾ 
2023 ⁽²⁾
Argentina
691
44.6
n.s.
478
182
41.3
176.5
129
Colombia
622
23.2
16.0
505
90
(41.0)
(44.4)
152
Peru
1,198
8.7
9.1
1,102
227
14.4
14.8
198
Other countries ⁽³⁾
327
10.5
16.1
296
136
12.0
16.4
121
Total
2,838
19.2
27.0
2,381
635
5.6
17.1
601
⁽¹⁾ Figures at constant exchange rates.
⁽²⁾ Revised balances. For more information, please refer to the “Business Areas” section.
⁽³⁾ Chile (Forum), Uruguay and Venezuela. Additionally, it includes eliminations and other charges.
SOUTH AMERICA. RELEVANT BUSINESS INDICATORS PER COUNTRY (MILLIONS OF EUROS)
Argentina
Colombia
Peru  
31-12-24
31-12-23
31-12-24
31-12-23
31-12-24
31-12-23
Performing loans and advances to customers under 
management ⁽¹⁾ ⁽²⁾
7,021
1,880
15,609
15,629
19,168
18,066
Non-performing loans ⁽¹⁾
103
32
966
822
1,132
1,264
Customer deposits under management ⁽¹⁾ ⁽³⁾
9,219
3,379
17,177
16,481
20,338
17,813
Off-balance sheet funds ⁽¹⁾ ⁽⁴⁾
2,840
1,202
2,539
2,310
2,554
1,654
Risk-weighted assets
11,037
4,997
18,868
19,467
20,384
18,825
Efficiency ratio (%)
59.5
54.1
46.9
47.5
36.5
36.7
NPL ratio (%)
1.4
1.6
5.7
4.8
4.9
5.5
NPL coverage ratio (%)
145
136
82
89
90
84
Cost of risk (%)
4.48
2.18
2.83
2.13
2.83
3.04
⁽¹⁾ Figures at constant exchange rates.
⁽²⁾ Excluding repos.
⁽³⁾ Excluding repos and including specific marketable debt securities.
⁽⁴⁾ Includes mutual funds and customer portfolios (in Colombia and Peru).
Unless expressly stated otherwise, all the comments below on rates of change, for both activity and results, will be given at constant 
exchange rates. These rates, together with the changes at current exchange rates, can be found in the attached tables of the financial 
statements and relevant business indicators.
Activity and results
The most relevant aspects related to the area's activity during the year 2024 were:
–
Lending activity (performing loans under management) registered a variation of 16.8%, with the increase focused on the 
wholesale portfolio, which grew more than the retail portfolio (+20.5% versus +12.9%), mainly favored by the evolution of 
commercial loans (+22.6%). In the retail portfolio, the growth was originated in credit cards (+45.7%), in line with Group's 
strategy which is focused on growing in the most profitable segments. In terms of countries, Argentina stood out, with 
lending activity growing faster than inflation.
–
With regard to asset quality, the NPL ratio stood at 4.5% at the end of December 2024, which represents a decrease of 29 
basis points compared to the previous year, mainly due to the growth in activity and higher volume of write-offs in Peru and 
Colombia. On the other hand, the NPL coverage ratio stood at 88% as of December 31, 2024, in line with the previous year-
end.
–
Customer funds under management increased (+26.6%) compared to the closing balances at the end of 2023, with growth 
driven by customer deposits (+23.2%).
South America generated a net attributable profit of €635m at the end of 2024, which represents a year-on-year variation of 17.1%, 
driven by the good performance of recurring income (+30.5%) and the good performance of net trading income in the area, which 
offset the increase in expenses and in loan-loss provisions, as well as the higher negative impact of "Other operating income and 
expenses". This last line mainly includes the impact of the adjustment for hyperinflation in Argentina, whose net monetary loss stood 
at €1,419m in the period January-December 2024, which is higher than the €1,062m registered in the period January-December 
2023.
More detailed information on the most representative countries of the business area is provided below.
Consolidated Management Report Financial information
396
This English version is a translation of the original in Spanish for information purposes only. In case of a discrepancy, the Spanish original will prevail.

Argentina
Macro and industry trends
Significant fiscal consolidation and relative exchange rate stability have contributed to a process of moderating inflation over the 
course of 2024. Also, after a large contraction in the first half of the year, there are early signs of a recovery in economic activity, 
which after falling by 3.8% or slightly less in 2024, should expand by around 5.5% in 2025, according to BBVA Research (growth 
forecasts for 2024 and 2025 have been adjusted upwards by 20 basis points and downwards by 50 basis points, respectively). The 
forecast is for inflation to converge to around 30% by the end of 2025. On the other hand, there is high uncertainty around the 
evolution of the exchange rate, which has recently remained more appreciated than expected. 
The banking system continues to grow at a high pace but affected by inflation control and the structural reforms introduced by the 
new government. At the end of 2024, total lending grew 248% compared to December 2023, favored by both consumer and, above 
all, corporate portfolio, which grew 244% and 255% year-on-year, respectively. Deposits followed the trend of previous months and 
grew 104% year-on-year at the end of December. Finally, the NPL ratio improved notably to 1.51% at the end of October 2024 (131 
basis points lower than in October 2023).
Activity and results
–
In 2024, performing loans under management registered a growth of 273.5%, which stands above the year-on-year inflation 
rate, with a favorable evolution in the corporate segment (+304.2%) and all the households products (+242.4%), 
highlighting  credit cards (+191.2%). In terms of credit quality indicators, the NPL ratio stood at the end of 2024 at 1.4%, 
which is a decrease of 18 basis points during the year mainly due to the growth in activity, and the NPL coverage ratio stood 
at 2024 closing at 145%, which means an increase of 879 basis points.
–
On balance sheet funds grew by 172.8% during 2024, with growth in both demand deposits (+141.3%) and time deposits 
(+262.5%). For its part, mutual funds (off-balance resources) also had a good performance (+136.3% in the same period).
–
The cumulative net attributable profit at the end of December 2024 stood at €182m. Net interest income continued to be 
driven by both higher activity and better customer spreads, while the NTI registered a positive evolution, driven by the 
performance of the securities portfolio. On the other hand, there was a higher negative adjustment for hyperinflation 
(mainly reflected in the other operating income and expenses line) and higher expenses, both personnel and general 
expenses affected by inflation, the main variation being technology expenditure. As for impairment on financial assets, they 
registered an increase associated with the growth of lending activity and greater requirements of the retail portfolio.
Colombia
Macro and industry trends
Economic growth has gradually recovered during 2024 as the processes of inflation and interest rate reductions have been 
consolidating. BBVA Research expects GDP growth to stand at 2.0% in 2024 and to accelerate to 2.5% in 2025 (30 basis points lower 
than the previous forecast). The slight downward revision of the growth forecast in 2025 is largely due to a less favorable external 
environment than expected and the perspective of a slower monetary easing process than previously anticipated. In particular, 
interest rates, which fell by 350 basis points to 9.50% during 2024, are likely to be reduced at a more gradual pace in the future, 
ending 2025 at around 7.0%. Annual inflation, which ended 2024 at 5.2%, is expected to ease  further in the coming months, but will 
remain above the 3.0% inflation target this year, probably around 3.9% in December 2025.
Total credit growth in the banking system stood at 1.6% year-on-year in October 2024. As in previous months, the system's lending 
continued to be driven by credit to companies and housing loans, with growth of 3.6% and 7.7% respectively. Of particular relevance 
is the slowdown in consumer credit, which has gone from a year-on-year growth rate of 20% throughout 2022 to year-on-year 
decreases since October of last year. In October 2024 this trend continued, showing a 4.6% drop compared to the same month of 
2023. On the other hand, total deposits grew by 6.7% year-on-year at the end of October 2024, with a much more balanced evolution 
by portfolios than in previous quarters. Demand and time deposits grew by 5.9% and 7.8% year-on-year respectively. The system's 
NPL ratio has slightly improved in the last few months to 5.0% at the end of October 2024, 10 basis points lower than in the same 
month of the previous year.
Activity and results
–
Lending activity remained stable (-0.1%) compared to the end of 2023, mainly due to the favorable evolution of corporate 
loans (+8.5% from December 2023), which offset the deleveraging in the rest of products. In terms of credit quality 
indicators, the NPL ratio stood at 5.7% which represents an increase of 84 basis points compared to the end of 2023, due to 
the higher volume of retail portfolio entries, mitigated by a higher volume of write-offs. The NPL coverage ratio stood at 82% 
by the end of 2024, which represents a decrease of 741 basis points, as a result of growth in the non-performing balance in 
retail loans.
–
Customer deposits grew by 4.2% compared to the end of 2023, thanks to the growth in time deposits (+6.5%).
Consolidated Management Report Financial information
397
This English version is a translation of the original in Spanish for information purposes only. In case of a discrepancy, the Spanish original will prevail.

–
The cumulative net attributable profit at the end of December 2024 stood at €90m, that is 44.4% below the result of the 
same period of the previous year. The significant growth in net interest income (+18.2%) stood out, favored by the increase 
in customer spreads associated with lower funding costs, offset by provisions for impairment losses on financial assets, 
mainly due to higher requirements in the retail portfolio.
Peru
Macro and industry trends
BBVA Research estimates that GDP grew by 3.1% in 2024, 20 basis points above the previous forecast, driven by more favorable 
weather conditions and the impact on consumption of the most recent program of extraordinary withdrawals from pension funds. 
Moreover, improved financial conditions derived from controlled inflation (2.0% in December, and probably within the inflation target 
range of 1-3% during 2025) and the reduction of interest rates (from 5.0% at the end of December 2024 to around 4.50% in the first 
half of 2025, according to BBVA Research's estimates) reinforce the growth outlook. The growth forecast for 2025 remains 
unchanged at 2.7%.
Total lending in the Peruvian banking system decreased slightly year-on-year in November 2024 (-0.4%). The performance by 
portfolios was uneven, with decreases in consumer credit (-3.3%) and corporate credit portfolios (-1.1%), and growth in the mortgage 
portfolio (+5.1% year-on-year), in line with previous months. The system's total deposits increased 9.9% year-on-year in November 
2024, due to the strength of demand deposits (+13.0% year-on-year), which offset the slower growth in time deposits (+4.7% year-
on-year in August 2024). Finally, the system's NPL ratio slightly improved to 3.9%, 46 basis points better than in November 2023.
Activity and results
–
Lending activity increased compared to the end of December 2023 (+6.1%), mainly due to the positive evolution of 
corporate loans (+5.3%, favored by CIB operations), consumer loans (+10.5%) and mortgages (+12.3%).
–
In terms of credit quality indicators, the NPL ratio stood at 4.9%, this represents an annual decrease of 62 basis points, as a 
result of the improvement in retail flows with fewer entries into non-performing and a higher volume of write-offs. The NPL 
coverage ratio stood at 90% at the end of 2024, which represents an increase of 552 basis points due to the decrease in 
retail non-performing balances. 
–
Customers funds under management increased during 2024 (+17.6%), boosted by both the good performance of customer 
deposits (+14.2%) and off-balance sheet funds (+54.5%).
–
BBVA Peru's cumulative attributable profit stood at €227m at the end of December 2024, which represents an increase of 
14.8% compared to 2023. Good performance of net interest income, favored by higher volume of lending and a growing 
customer spread, fee income and NTI (which includes better results on Global Markets), all together comfortably offset  the 
increase in operating expenses. In terms of provisions for impairment of financial assets, in cumulative terms, they are 
below those recorded in 2023 (-2.5%), due to the expected improvement in flows during the second half of the year.
Consolidated Management Report Financial information
398
This English version is a translation of the original in Spanish for information purposes only. In case of a discrepancy, the Spanish original will prevail.

2.5 Rest of Business
Highlights
•
Favorable credit evolution and significant growth in customers funds
•
Increase in recurring revenues 
•
Improvement in NPL and NPL coverage ratios in the year
•
Efficiency ratio and Group contribution improve in the year
BUSINESS ACTIVITY ⁽¹⁾ (VARIATION AT CONSTANT 
EXCHANGE RATES COMPARED TO 31-12-23)
+26.0%
+103.4%
Performing loans and 
advances to customers 
under management
Customer funds under 
management
⁽¹⁾ Excluding repos.
NET INTEREST INCOME / AVERAGE TOTAL ASSETS 
(PERCENTAGE AT CONSTANT EXCHANGE RATES)
0.95
0.97
1.20
1.35
1.41
4Q23
1Q24
2Q24
3Q24
4Q24
.
OPERATING INCOME (MILLIONS OF EUROS AT 
CONSTANT EXCHANGE RATES)
 +35.3 % (1)
529
715
126
172
136
94
178
180
207
150
1Q23
2Q23
3Q23
4Q23
1Q24
2Q24
3Q24
4Q24
⁽¹⁾ At current exchange rates: +38.4%.
NET ATTRIBUTABLE PROFIT (LOSS) (MILLIONS OF 
EUROS AT CONSTANT EXCHANGE RATES)
 +23.5 % (1)
405
500
95
125
110
76
122
116
176
86
1Q23
2Q23
3Q23
4Q23
1Q24
2Q24
3Q24
4Q24
 ⁽¹⁾ At current exchange rates: +26.3%.
Consolidated Management Report Financial information
399
This English version is a translation of the original in Spanish for information purposes only. In case of a discrepancy, the Spanish original will prevail.

FINANCIAL STATEMENTS AND RELEVANT BUSINESS INDICATORS (MILLIONS OF EUROS AND PERCENTAGE)
Income statement 
2024
∆ %
∆ % ⁽²⁾
2023 ⁽¹⁾
Net interest income
741
37.6
35.4
539
Net fees and commissions 
307
25.8
23.4
244
Net trading income
406
28.2
25.7
316
Other operating income and expenses
4
8.4
(20.3)
3
Gross income
1,458
32.2
29.7
1,103
Operating expenses
(743)
26.7
24.8
(586)
Personnel expenses
(402)
32.8
30.4
(303)
Other administrative expenses
(308)
19.7
18.2
(257)
Depreciation
(33)
25.5
24.1
(26)
Operating income 
715
38.4
35.3
517
Impairment on financial assets not measured at fair value through 
profit or loss
(71)
155.9
152.8
(28)
Provisions or reversal of provisions and other results
(11)
n.s.
n.s.
(1)
Profit (loss) before tax
634
29.7
26.7
489
Income tax
(133)
44.0
40.8
(93)
Profit (loss) for the period
500
26.3
23.5
396
Non-controlling interests
—
—
—
—
Net attributable profit (loss)
500
26.3
23.5
396
⁽¹⁾ Revised balances. For more information, please refer to the “Business Areas” section.
Balance sheets
31-12-24
∆ %
∆ % ⁽²⁾
31-12-23
Cash, cash balances at central banks and other demand deposits
8,348
75.8
65.9
4,748
Financial assets designated at fair value 
1,627
(89.5)
(90.1)
15,475
Of which: Loans and advances
914
(93.8)
(94.2)
14,783
Financial assets at amortized cost
56,013
29.2
26.7
43,363
    Of which: Loans and advances to customers
50,392
28.2
25.6
39,322
Inter-area positions
—
—
—
—
Tangible assets
206
36.0
31.6
151
Other assets
341
(36.4)
(38.9)
537
Total assets/liabilities and equity
66,534
3.5
0.2
64,274
Financial liabilities held for trading and designated at fair value 
through profit or loss
642
(95.7)
(95.9)
14,831
Deposits from central banks and credit institutions
2,002
(35.1)
(36.9)
3,085
Deposits from customers
27,432
110.1
107.2
13,056
Debt certificates
1,721
21.8
19.1
1,413
Inter-area positions
28,095
6.2
3.3
26,466
Other liabilities
1,609
30.6
26.6
1,232
Regulatory capital allocated
5,033
20.1
17.4
4,191
Relevant business indicators 
31-12-24
∆ %
∆ % ⁽²⁾
31-12-23
Performing loans and advances to customers under management ⁽³⁾
50,393
28.5
26.0
39,202
Non-performing loans 
213
(42.0)
(42.0)
368
Customer deposits under management ⁽³⁾
27,432
110.1
107.2
13,056
Off-balance sheet funds ⁽⁴⁾
645
13.9
13.9
566
Risk-weighted assets
44,407
22.0
19.3
36,410
Efficiency ratio (%)
50.9
53.1
NPL ratio (%)
0.3
0.7
NPL coverage ratio (%)
102
69
Cost of risk (%)
0.17
0.08
⁽²⁾ At constant exchange rate.
⁽³⁾ Excluding repos.
⁽⁴⁾ Includes pension funds. 
Consolidated Management Report Financial information
400
This English version is a translation of the original in Spanish for information purposes only. In case of a discrepancy, the Spanish original will prevail.

Unless expressly stated otherwise, all the comments below on rates of change, for both activity and results, will be given at constant 
exchange rates. These rates, together with the changes at current exchange rates, can be found in the attached tables of the financial 
statements and relevant business indicators. Comments that refer to Europe exclude Spain.
Activity
The most relevant aspects of the evolution of BBVA Group's Rest of Business activity during 2024 were:
–
Lending activity (performing loans under management) registered a growth of 26.0%, driven by the favorable evolution of 
project finance as well as corporate lending, both in the New York branch and in Europe. Also noteworthy is the 
transactional business, which offers integral and personalized financial solutions, in both geographical areas through 
increased participation in factoring programs.
–
Customer funds under management grew by 103.4%, boosted by the evolution of deposits, mainly in Europe and in the New 
York branch.
–
With regard to asset quality indicators, the NPL ratio decreased by -35 basis points in the year up to 0.3%, due to wholesale 
recoveries and repayments, resulting in the NPL coverage ratio increasing in the year to 102%.
Results
Rest of Business achieved an accumulated net attributable profit of €500m accumulated at the end of 2024, 23.5% higher than in the 
same period of the previous year, favored by the performance of the recurrent revenues and the NTI, which offset the increase in 
operating expenses and loan-loss provisions.
In the year-on-year evolution of the main lines of the area's income statement at the end of December 2024, the following was 
particularly noteworthy:
–
Net interest income showed an increase of 35.4% as a result of increased  activity volumes and price management. This 
growth was  mainly in Europe, followed by the New York branch.
–
Net fees and commissions increased by 23.4%, mainly due to singular financing transactions in Investment Banking & 
Finance (hereinafter IB&F) and transactional banking fees.
–
The NTI grew by 25.7% supported by the strong performance of Global Markets in Europe, especially in credit and in the 
Group's equity trading business in the United States.
–
Increase in operating expenses of 24.8%, with growth mainly in the United States (originated in the New York branch) and in 
Europe due to the increase in headcount and the execution of strategic plans.
–
The impairment on financial assets line at the end of December 2024 recorded a balance of €-71m, mainly originating from 
provisions made in Europe.
Consolidated Management Report Financial information
401
This English version is a translation of the original in Spanish for information purposes only. In case of a discrepancy, the Spanish original will prevail.

2.6 Corporate Center
FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (MILLIONS OF EUROS AND PERCENTAGE)
Income statement 
2024
∆ %
2023 ⁽¹⁾
Net interest income
(546)
41.3
(386)
Net fees and commissions 
(36)
(18.0)
(44)
Net trading income
122
n.s.
(686)
Other operating income and expenses
39
(55.1)
87
Gross income
(421)
(59.1)
(1,029)
Operating expenses
(776)
2.1
(760)
Personnel expenses
(774)
12.3
(689)
Other administrative expenses
213
53.3
139
Depreciation
(215)
2.5
(210)
Operating income 
(1,197)
(33.1)
(1,789)
Impairment on financial assets not measured at fair value through 
profit or loss
1
(15.4)
1
Provisions or reversal of provisions and other results
54
n.s.
(21)
Profit (loss) before tax
(1,142)
(36.9)
(1,809)
Income tax
225
(14.2)
262
Profit (loss) for the period
(917)
(40.7)
(1,547)
Non-controlling interests
(7)
n.s.
3
Net attributable profit (loss)
(924)
(40.2)
(1,544)
⁽¹⁾ Revised balances. For more information, please refer to the “Business Areas” section.
Balance sheets
31-12-24
∆ %
31-12-23
Cash, cash balances at central banks and other demand deposits
594
(13.1)
684
Financial assets designated at fair value 
3,030
20.6
2,512
Of which: Loans and advances
—
n.s.
—
Financial assets at amortized cost
4,095
13.1
3,622
    Of which: Loans and advances to customers
297
29.1
230
Inter-area positions
—
—
—
Tangible assets
1,912
10.8
1,727
Other assets
16,170
11.3
14,530
Total assets/liabilities and equity
25,802
11.8
23,074
Financial liabilities held for trading and designated at fair value through 
profit or loss
69
(44.9)
125
Deposits from central banks and credit institutions
970
26.7
765
Deposits from customers
961
n.s.
181
Debt certificates
1,735
n.s.
380
Inter-area positions
5,917
1.9
5,809
Other liabilities
3,553
(0.8)
3,581
Regulatory capital allocated
(47,416)
10.2
(43,033)
Total equity
60,014
8.6
55,265
Results
The Corporate Center recorded a net attributable loss of €-924m between January and December of 2024, which is an improvement 
compared with the €-1,544m recorded in the previous year, mainly due to the favorable evolution of the NTI. The above is the result of 
the positive contribution from the second quarter of 2024 from the hedges of foreign currency positions, which contrasts with the 
negative contribution in 2023, originating in both periods in the Mexican peso.
Consolidated Management Report Financial information
402
This English version is a translation of the original in Spanish for information purposes only. In case of a discrepancy, the Spanish original will prevail.

2.7 Other 
pro 
forma 
information: 
Corporate 
& 
Investment Banking
Highlights
•
Significant increase in lending in the year, with sustained quarter-on-quarter growth
•
Favorable evolution of recurrent revenues and NTI in the year
•
Solid gross income in all geographical areas
•
Outstanding attributable profit in 2024
BUSINESS ACTIVITY ⁽¹⁾ (VARIATION AT CONSTANT 
EXCHANGE RATES COMPARED TO 31-12-23)
+22.8%
+23.7%
Performing loans and 
advances to customers 
under management
Customer funds under 
management
⁽¹⁾ Excluding repos.
RECURRING REVENUES / AVERAGE TOTAL ASSETS 
(PERCENTAGE AT CONSTANT EXCHANGE RATES)
1.30
1.28
1.43
1.47
1.65
4Q23
1Q24
2Q24
3Q24
4Q24
.
OPERATING INCOME (MILLIONS OF EUROS AT 
CONSTANT EXCHANGE RATES)
 +27.1 % (1)
3,351
4,260
728
959
775
889
972
1,106
1,160
1,022
1Q23
2Q23
3Q23
4Q23
1Q24
2Q24
3Q24
4Q24
⁽¹⁾ At current exchange rates: +21.3%.
NET ATTRIBUTABLE PROFIT (LOSS) (MILLIONS OF 
EUROS AT CONSTANT EXCHANGE RATES)
 +29.6 % (1)
2,147
2,781
462
630
488
567
643
705
742
691
1Q23
2Q23
3Q23
4Q23
1Q24
2Q24
3Q24
4Q24
⁽¹⁾ At current exchange rates: +24.3%.
The pro forma information of CIB does not include the application of hyperinflation accounting nor the wholesale business of the Group in Venezuela.
Consolidated Management Report Financial information
403
This English version is a translation of the original in Spanish for information purposes only. In case of a discrepancy, the Spanish original will prevail.

FINANCIAL STATEMENTS AND RELEVANT BUSINESS INDICATORS (MILLIONS OF EUROS AND PERCENTAGE)
Income statement 
2024
∆ %
∆ % ⁽²⁾ 
2023 ⁽¹⁾
Net interest income
2,655
27.7
32.7
2,079
Net fees and commissions 
1,198
19.1
22.0
1,006
Net trading income
2,034
15.7
20.6
1,759
Other operating income and expenses
(56)
(12.6)
(6.1)
(64)
Gross income
5,832
22.0
26.5
4,779
Operating expenses
(1,572)
24.1
24.9
(1,267)
Personnel expenses
(768)
23.6
23.9
(622)
Other administrative expenses
(688)
27.9
29.5
(538)
Depreciation
(115)
7.5
8.0
(107)
Operating income 
4,260
21.3
27.1
3,512
Impairment on financial assets not measured at fair value through 
profit or loss
112
n.s.
n.s.
(7)
Provisions or reversal of provisions and other results
(11)
n.s.
n.s.
2
Profit (loss) before tax
4,361
24.3
30.2
3,507
Income tax
(1,250)
24.8
31.3
(1,001)
Profit (loss) for the period
3,111
24.2
29.8
2,506
Non-controlling interests
(330)
23.1
31.9
(268)
Net attributable profit (loss)
2,781
24.3
29.6
2,238
General note: For the translation of the income statement in those countries where hyperinflation accounting is applied, the punctual exchange rate as of December 31, 2024 is 
used.
⁽¹⁾ Revised balances. For more information, please refer to the “Business Areas” section.
Balance sheets
31-12-24
∆ %
∆ % ⁽²⁾ 
31-12-23
Cash, cash balances at central banks and other demand deposits
9,329
90.2
80.6
4,905
Financial assets designated at fair value 
117,625
(26.2)
(25.5)
159,372
Of which: Loans and advances
37,974
(54.9)
(55.3)
84,126
Financial assets at amortized cost
114,618
17.8
21.1
97,302
    Of which: Loans and advances to customers
92,965
18.6
21.7
78,354
Inter-area positions
—
—
—
—
Tangible assets
194
38.2
36.1
141
Other assets
15,609
46.6
58.1
10,646
Total assets/liabilities and equity
257,375
(5.5)
(3.9)
272,366
Financial liabilities held for trading and designated at fair value 
through profit or loss
80,595
(38.0)
(38.2)
130,081
Deposits from central banks and credit institutions
38,054
33.5
34.9
28,502
Deposits from customers
70,345
17.2
23.4
60,031
Debt certificates
6,516
7.2
8.5
6,076
Inter-area positions
42,555
45.2
51.4
29,315
Other liabilities
6,898
(5.6)
(6.0)
7,310
Regulatory capital allocated
12,412
12.3
16.3
11,050
Relevant business indicators 
31-12-24
∆ %
∆ % ⁽²⁾ 
31-12-23
Performing loans and advances to customers under management ⁽³⁾
92,913
19.9
22.8
77,510
Non-performing loans 
599
(33.8)
(27.5)
905
Customer deposits under management ⁽³⁾
65,077
19.4
25.1
54,483
Off-balance sheet funds ⁽⁴⁾
3,844
(8.2)
4.9
4,189
Efficiency ratio (%)
27.0
26.5
⁽²⁾ At constant exchange rates.
⁽³⁾ Excluding repos.
⁽⁴⁾ Includes mutual funds, customer portfolios and other off-balance sheet funds.
Consolidated Management Report Financial information
404
This English version is a translation of the original in Spanish for information purposes only. In case of a discrepancy, the Spanish original will prevail.

Unless expressly stated otherwise, all the comments below on rates of change, for both activity and results, will be given at constant 
exchange rates. For the conversion of these figures in those countries in which accounting for hyperinflation is applied, the end of 
period exchange rate as of December 31, 2024 is used. These rates, together with changes at current exchange rates, can be found in 
the attached tables of financial statements and relevant business indicators. When making comments referring to Europe in this area, 
Spain is excluded.
Activity
The most relevant aspects related to the area's activity in 2024 were:
–
Loan balances increased significantly compared to the end of 2023 (+22.8%), mainly as a result of the favorable 
development of the Investment Banking & Finance business, with relevant Project Finance and Corporate Lending 
operations. By geographical areas, the contribution from Europe, the New York branch and Mexico were particularly 
noteworthy.
–
Customer funds grew by 23.7% in 2024, due to the increase in volumes in an environment of competitive prices. The 
performance by geographical areas was uneven and the evolution of the balances deposited in the branches in Europe and 
New York was outstanding.
Results
CIB generated a net attributable profit of €2,781m in 2024. These results represent an increase of 29.6% on a year-on-year basis and 
reflect the contribution of the diversification of products and geographical areas, as well as the progress of the Group's wholesale 
businesses in its strategy, leveraged on globality and sustainability, with the purpose of being relevant to its clients117.
All the business divisions achieved good results, particularly Investment Banking & Finance (IB&F) with an excellent evolution of net 
interest income in all geographical areas, supported by higher lending volumes and better prices, the contribution of Global Markets 
supported by the reactivation of commercial activity and Global Transaction Banking (GTB) which consolidated its positive trend, 
particularly in Mexico, Turkey and the United States.
The most relevant aspects of the year-on-year income statement evolution of this aggregate as of end of December 2024 are 
summarized below:
–
Net interest income for the quarter was 32.7% higher than in the same period of the previous year, partly due to the good 
performance of the business activity, which benefited from higher volumes and, especially Europe and the United States as 
well as certain geographical areas, thanks to an adequate price management.
–
Net fees and commissions increased 22.0%, with favorable evolution in all businesses. The primary market debt issuance 
activity, the liquidity management in South America and relevant operations in Project Finance and Corporate Lending are 
noteworthy.
–
Excellent NTI evolution (+20.6%), mainly due to the performance of the Global Markets unit. Fixed-income trading was 
particularly strong during the year, while currency trading slowed down compared to the previous year. For its part, 
commercial activity showed significant growth in all geographical areas except Turkey, with special mention to the evolution 
of Spain, Europe, Mexico and the United States. 
–
Operating expenses increased by 24.9% due to new personnel hires carried out during 2023 and 2024. On the other hand, 
general expenses continue to be affected by inflation and by higher technology expenditures linked to the execution of 
strategic projects for the area. However, the efficiency ratio stood at 27.0% at the end of December 2024, which represents 
an improvement of 35 basis points compared to the figure registered at the end of 2023, thanks to the strong growth in 
gross margin.
–
Provisions for impairment on financial assets line recorded a release of €112m, mainly originated from certain specific 
customers in Turkey, which compares with €7m provided in the previous year.
Consolidated Management Report Financial information
405
This English version is a translation of the original in Spanish for information purposes only. In case of a discrepancy, the Spanish original will prevail.
117 CIB results do not include the application of hyperinflation accounting.

Risk management
1. General risk management and control model
2. Credit risk
3. Market risk
4. Structural risks
5. Risks associated with climate change
6. Operational risk
7. Reputational risk
8. Risk factors
1.
General Risk management and control 
Model
The BBVA Group has a general risk management and control model (hereinafter, the “Model”) that is appropriate for its business 
model, its organization, the countries where it operates and its corporate governance system. This model allows the Group to carry 
out its activity within the management and risk control strategy and policy defined by the corporate bodies of BBVA where 
sustainability is specifically considered, and the alignment to a changing economic and regulatory environment, facing this 
management at a global level and aligned to the circumstances at all times.
The Model, for which the Group’s Chief Risk Officer (CRO) is responsible and that must be updated or reviewed at least annually, is 
fully applied in the Group and it comprises the following basic elements:
–
Governance and organization
–
Risk Appetite Framework
–
Assessment, monitoring and reporting
–
Infrastructure
The Group promotes the development of a risk culture that ensures a consistent application of the Model in the Group, and that 
guarantees that the risks function is understood and internalized at all levels of the organization.
1.1
Governance & organization
The risk governance model in the BBVA Group is characterized by a special involvement of its corporate bodies, both in setting the 
risk strategy and in monitoring and supervising its implementation on an ongoing basis.
Thus, and as explained below, the corporate bodies are responsible for approving the risk strategy and the general policies for the 
different types of risks. Global Risk Management (hereinafter, GRM) and Regulation & Internal Control (including, among other areas, 
Non-Financial Risks) are the functions responsible for its implementation and development, with the appropriate reporting to 
corporate bodies.
Responsibility for day-to-day management of risks falls on business and corporate areas, the activities of which adhere to the general 
policies, regulation, infrastructures and controls that, based on the framework set by corporate bodies, are defined by GRM and 
Regulation & Internal Control in their corresponding areas of responsibility.
To carry out this work adequately, the financial risks function in the BBVA Group has been set up as a single, global function and 
independent from business areas.
The head of the financial risks function at an executive level, is the Group's Chief Risk Officer, who is appointed by the Board of 
Directors as a member of its senior management, and reports directly on the development of the corresponding functions to the 
corporate bodies. The Chief Risk Officer, for the best fulfilment of the functions, is supported by a structure consisting of cross-
cutting risk units in the corporate area and specific risk units in the Group's geographical and/or business areas.
In addition, and with regard to non-financial risks and internal control, the Group has a Regulation & Internal Control area independent 
from the rest of units and whose head (Head of Regulation & Internal Control) is also appointed by the Board of Directors of BBVA and 
reports directly to corporate bodies on the performance of its functions. This area is responsible for proposing and implementing non-
financial risks policies and the Internal Control Model of the Group, and it is composed by, among other, the Non-Financial Risks, 
Regulatory Compliance, Risk Internal Control and Risk Control Specialists units.
Consolidated Management Report Risk management
406
This English version is a translation of the original in Spanish for information purposes only. In case of a discrepancy, the Spanish original will prevail.

The Risk Internal Control unit, within the Regulation & Internal Control area and, therefore, independent from the financial risks 
function (GRM), acts as a control unit for the activities carried out by GRM. In this regard, and without prejudice to the functions 
performed in this regard by the Internal Audit area, Risk Internal Control checks that the regulatory framework, the models and 
processes and established measures are sufficient and appropriate for each type of financial risk. It also monitors its implementation 
and operation, and confirms that those decisions taken by GRM are taken independently from the business lines and, in particular, 
that there's an adequate segregation of functions between units.
Governance and organizational structure are basic pillars for ensuring an effective risk management and control. This section 
summarizes the roles and responsibilities of the corporate bodies in the risks area, of the Group's Chief Risk Officer and, in general, of 
the risks function, its interrelation and the parent-subsidiary relationship model in this area and the group of committees, in addition 
to the Risk Internal Control unit.
Corporate Bodies of BBVA
According to the corporate governance system of BBVA, the Board of Directors of the Bank has certain reserved competencies, 
concerning management, through the implementation of the corresponding most relevant decisions, and concerning supervision and 
control, through the monitoring and supervision of implemented decisions and management of the Bank.
In addition, and to ensure adequate performance of the management and supervisory functions of the Board of Directors, the 
corporate governance system comprises different committees supporting the Board of Directors with regard to matters falling within 
their competence, and according to the specific charters of each committees. For this purpose, a coordinated work scheme between 
these corporate bodies has been established.
With regard to risks, the Board of Directors' competencies are those relating to establishing the policy for controlling and managing 
risk and the oversight and control of its implementation.
In addition, and for an adequate performance of its duties, the Board of Directors is assisted by the Risk and Compliance Committee 
(CRC), on the issues detailed below, and by the Executive Committee (CDP), which is focused on the strategy, finance and business 
functions of the Group, for the purposes of which it monitors the risks of the Group. Additionally, and in a coordinated manner with the 
general supervision of financial and non-financial risks carried out by the Risk and Compliance Committee, the Audit Committee and 
the Technology and Cybersecurity Committee also assist the Board in the management and control of non-financial risks of an 
accounting, tax and reporting nature, and those of a technological nature, respectively.
The involvement of the corporate bodies of BBVA in the control and management of the risks of the Group is detailed below:
Board of Directors
The Board of Directors is responsible for establishing the risk strategy of the Group and, in this role, it determines the control and risk 
management policy, through the following documents:
–
The Risk Appetite Framework of the Group, which includes in the one hand the risk appetite statement of the Group, that is, 
the general principles governing the risk strategy of the Group and its target profile; and, on the other hand, and based on 
the above mentioned risk appetite statement, a set of quantitative metrics (core metrics and their corresponding 
statements, and by type of risk metrics and their corresponding statements), reflecting the risk profile of the Group;
–
the framework of management policies of the different types of risk to which the Bank is or could be exposed. They contain 
the basic lines for a consistent management and control of risks throughout the Group, and consistent with the Model and 
Risk Appetite Framework;
–
and the General risk management and control model described above.
All of the above in coordination with the rest of prospective-strategic decisions of the Bank, which includes the Strategic Plan, the 
Annual Budget, the Capital Plan and the Liquidity & Funding Plan, in addition to the rest of management objectives, whose approval is 
a responsibility of the Board of Directors.
In addition to defining the risk strategy, the Board of Directors, in the performance of its risks monitoring, management and control 
tasks, also monitors the evolution of the risks of the Group and of each main geographical and/or business area, ensuring compliance 
with the Risk Appetite Framework of the Group; and also supervising the internal information and control systems.
For the development of all these functions, the Board of Directors is supported by the CRC and the CDP, which are responsible for the 
functions detailed below.
Risk and Compliance Committee
The CRC is, according to its own charter, composed of non-executive directors and its main purpose is to assist the Board of 
Directors on the establishment and monitoring of the risk control and management policy of the Group. 
For this purpose, it assists the Board of Directors in a variety of risk control and monitoring areas, in addition to its analysis functions, 
based on the strategic pillars established at all times by both the Board of Directors and the CDP, the proposals on the strategy, 
control and risk management of the Group, which are particularly specified in the Risk Appetite Framework and in the “Model”. After 
the analysis, the Risk Appetite Framework and Model proposal is submitted to the Board of Directors for consideration and, where 
appropriate, approval purposes.
Consolidated Management Report Risk management
407
This English version is a translation of the original in Spanish for information purposes only. In case of a discrepancy, the Spanish original will prevail.

In addition, the CRC proposes, in a manner consistent with the Risk Appetite Framework of the Group approved by the Board of 
Directors, the control and management policies of the different risks of the Group, and supervises the information and internal control 
systems.
With regard to the monitoring of the evolution of the risks of the Group and their degree of compliance with the Risk Appetite 
Framework and defined general policies, and without prejudice to the monitoring task carried out by the Board of Directors and the 
CDP, the CRC carries out monitoring and control tasks with greater frequency and receives information with a sufficient granularity to 
achieve an adequate performance of its duties.
The CRC also analyzes all measures planned to mitigate the impact of all identified risks, should they materialize, which must be 
implemented by the CDP or the Board of Directors, as the case may be.
The CRC also monitors the procedures, tools and measurement indicators of those risks established at a Group level in order to have 
a comprehensive view of the risks of BBVA and its Group, and monitors compliance with the regulation and supervisory requirements 
in terms of risks.
The CRC is also responsible for analyzing those project-related risks that are considered strategic for the Group or corporate 
transactions that are going to be submitted to the Board of Directors of the CDP, within its scope of competence.
In addition, it contributes to the setting of the remuneration policy, checking that it is compatible with an appropriate and effective 
management of risks and that it does not provide incentives to take risks breaching the level tolerated by the Bank.
Lastly, the CRC ensures the promotion of the risk culture in the Group. In 2024, the CRC has held 23 meetings.
Executive Committee
In order to have a comprehensive and complete vision of the progress of the Group's business and its business units, the CDP 
monitors the evolution of the risk profile and the core metrics defined by the Board of Directors, being aware of any potential deviation 
or breach of the metrics of the Risk Appetite Framework and implementing, when applicable, the appropriate measures, as explained 
in the Model.
In addition, the CDP is responsible for proposing the basis for developing the Risk Appetite Framework, which will be established in 
coordination with the rest of prospective/strategic decisions of the Bank and the rest of management objectives.
Lastly, the CDP is the committee supporting the Board of Directors in decisions related to business risk and reputational risk, 
according to the dispositions set out in its own charter.
Three lines of defense control model
BBVA has an internal control model that is structured into three differentiated levels (“lines of defense”), which constitute the 
organizational structure of the Group's internal control model, whose objective is the integral management of the risk life cycle; all 
this, in accordance with the best practices developed both in the "Enterprise Risk Management - Integrated Framework" of COSO 
(Committee of Sponsoring Organizations of the Treadway Commission) and in the "Framework for Internal Control Systems in 
Banking Organizations" prepared by the Bank Basel International Settlements (BIS):
–
First line of defense, made up of the Business and Support Areas in charge of managing operational risks in their products, 
activities, processes and systems, including those present in activities that could have been outsourced. The Areas must 
integrate operational risk management into their day-to-day activities, identifying and evaluating operational risks, carrying 
out controls, assessing the sufficiency of their control environment and executing mitigation plans for those risks in which 
control weaknesses are identified.
–
Second line of defense, made up of: (i) the Non-Financial Risk Units, which are responsible for designing and maintaining the 
Group's Operational Risk management model, and assessing the degree of application within the different Areas; and (ii) the 
Specialist Control Units in different risk areas, which define the General Framework of Mitigation, Control and Monitoring in 
the risks of their respective areas, and carry out an independent comparison on the sufficiency of the control environment 
implemented by the first defense line. The Non-Financial Risk Units and the Specialist Units are located in the Regulation 
and Internal Control area in order to ensure coordinated action by the second line of defense and to preserve their 
independence from the first line of defense.
–
Third line of defense, performed by the Internal Audit Area, which: (i) carries out an independent review of the control 
model, verifying compliance and the effectiveness of the established general policies; and (ii) provides independent 
information on the control environment to the Corporate Assurance Committees.
The Board, with the support of its Committees, supervises the effectiveness of the internal control model through periodic reports 
from those responsible for the different lines of defense. In particular, the heads of the Internal Regulation and Control and Internal 
Audit areas report at least quarterly to the Board of Directors on the most relevant issues of their control activity; and, in addition, 
they report monthly to the Risk and Compliance Committee and the Audit Committee, respectively, and with a greater level of detail, 
on the operation of the internal control model and on the independent reviews carried out of the different Bank processes. All of this is 
based on the annual plans for each of these functions, which are approved by the respective Board Committees and where the review 
of processes related to climate change risk and other sustainability issues is expressly incorporated.
Consolidated Management Report Risk management
408
This English version is a translation of the original in Spanish for information purposes only. In case of a discrepancy, the Spanish original will prevail.

Parent-subsidiary risk relationship model
In accordance with the provisions of the BBVA Group's General Corporate Governance Policy, for integrated management and 
supervision in the Group, the Group has a common management and control framework, consisting of basic guidelines (including 
strategic-prospective decisions) and General Policies, established by BBVA's corporate bodies for the Group.
For the purpose of transferring the risk strategy and its management and control model to the different subsidiaries of the BBVA 
Group and their corresponding specific risk units, a parent-subsidiary relationship model has been designed within the scope of risk 
management and control in the BBVA Group.
This relationship model implies a minimum catalog of decisions that must be adopted by the corporate bodies of the subsidiaries in 
terms of risks in order to provide them with an adequate governance model coordinated with the parent company. It will be the 
responsibility of the head of the Risk function (GRM) of each subsidiary to formulate the proposals that proceed to the corresponding 
corporate body for its consideration and, where appropriate, approval, according to the scope of functions that apply.
The approval of these decisions by the corporate bodies of the subsidiaries obliges the risk units of the geographical areas to carry out 
a risk monitoring and control plan before their corporate bodies.
Notwithstanding the foregoing, it is considered necessary that certain decisions regarding risks reserved for the consideration of the 
corresponding corporate bodies of the subsidiary for their approval, are also subject to the approval of the corporate bodies of BBVA, 
in accordance with what is established regulations at all times.
In the specific case of BBVA, S.A., what is described in this document regarding the coordination of the local risk management 
function with the risk function of the parent company BBVA, S.A. is applicable (as in any subsidiary of the Group). And with regard to 
the decisions that the corporate bodies of the subsidiaries must adopt, in this case it is the responsibility of the head of the Risk 
function of BBVA, S.A. (GRM) formulate the proposals that proceed to the corresponding corporate body for its consideration and, 
where appropriate, approval, according to the scope of functions that apply.
Chief Risk Officer of the Group
The Group's Chief Risk Officer (CRO) is responsible for the management of all the financial risks of the Group with the necessary 
independence, authority, rank, experience, knowledge and resources. The CRO is appointed by the Board of Directors of BBVA and 
has direct access to its corporate bodies (Board of Directors, CDP and CRC), with the corresponding regular reporting on the risk 
situation in the Group. 
The GRM area has a responsibility as the unit transversal to all the businesses of the BBVA Group. This responsibility is part of the 
structure of the BBVA Group, which is formed by subsidiaries based in different jurisdictions, which have autonomy and must comply 
with their local regulations, but always according to the risk management and control scheme designed by BBVA as the parent 
company of the BBVA Group.
The Chief Risk Officer of the BBVA Group, in coordination with the rest of areas responsible for risks monitoring and control, is 
responsible for ensuring that the risks of BBVA Group, within the scope of its functions, are managed according to the established 
model, assuming, among other, the following responsibilities:
–
Prepare and propose to corporate bodies the risk strategy of the BBVA Group, which includes the Risk Appetite statement 
of the BBVA Group, core (and their respective statements) and by type of risk metrics (and their respective statements), 
and the Model.
–
Ensure the necessary coordination to define and prepare the proposals for the Appetite Framework of the Group 
companies, and make sure they are applied correctly.
–
Define and propose to corporate bodies the general policies for each type of risk within its scope of responsibility and, as 
part these, to establish the required specific regulation.
–
Prepare and propose for approval, or approving if within its competence, the risk limits for the geographical areas, business 
areas and/or legal entities, which shall be consistent with the defined Risk Appetite Framework; it is also responsible for the 
monitoring, supervision and control of risk limits within its scope of responsibility.
–
Submit to the Risk and Compliance Committee the information required to carry out its supervisory and control functions.
–
Regular reporting to the corresponding corporate bodies on the situation of those risks of the BBVA Group within its scope 
of responsibility.
–
Identify and assess the material risks faced by the BBVA Group within its scope of responsibility, with an effective 
management of those risks and, where necessary, with the implementation of the required mitigation measures.
–
Early warning to the relevant corporate bodies and the Chief Executive Officer of any material risk within its scope of 
responsibility that could compromise the solvency of the BBVA Group.
–
Ensure, within its scope of responsibility, the integrity of measurement techniques and management information systems 
and, in general, the provision of models, tools, systems, structures and resources to implement the risk strategy defined by 
the corporate bodies.
–
Promote the risk culture of the BBVA Group to ensure the consistency of the Model in the different countries where it 
operates, strengthening the cross-cutting model of the risks function.
Consolidated Management Report Risk management
409
This English version is a translation of the original in Spanish for information purposes only. In case of a discrepancy, the Spanish original will prevail.

For decision-making, the Group’s Chief Risk Officer has a governance structure for the role that culminates in a support forum, the 
Global Risk Management Committee (GRMC), which is established as the main executive-level committee on the risks within its remit. 
Its purpose is to develop the strategies, policies, regulations and infrastructures needed to identify, assess, measure and manage the 
material risks within its remit that the Group faces in its business activity. This committee is composed by the Chief Risk Officer, who 
chairs the meetings, and the heads of Core Services and Cross Services in the Corporate Area of GRM, of the Front for “South 
America and Turkey”, and “Risk Internal Control”; and by the heads of GRM in the three most important geographical units, CIB and 
Digital Banks. The purpose of the GRMC is to propose and challenge, among other issues, the internal regulatory framework of GRM 
and the infrastructures required to identify, assess, measure and manage the risks faced by the Group in carrying out its businesses 
and to approve risk limits.
The GRMC carries out its functions assisted by various support committees which include: 
–
Global Credit Risk Management Committee: It is responsible for analyzing and decision-making related to wholesale credit 
risk admission.
–
Wholesale Credit Risk Management Committee: It is responsible for analyzing and making decisions related to wholesale 
credit risk admission in specific customer segments of BBVA Group, as well as being informed of the relevant decisions 
adopted by members of the committee within their scope of decision-making at corporate level.
–
Work Out Committee: Its purpose is to analyze and make decisions regarding the admission of wholesale credit risks of 
customers classified in Watch List, doubtful risk or write-offs in accordance with the criteria established in the Group, as 
well as to be informed of the decisions adopted by the person in charge of the Work Out process in its area of responsibility; 
it will also include the approval of proposals on entries, exits and modifications in Watch List, entries and exits in doubtful, 
unlikely to pay and pass to write-offs; as well as the approval of other proposals that must be seen in this Committee 
according to the established thresholds and criteria.
–
Wholesale & Sustainability Risk Committee:  Its purpose is the analysis, discussion and support for decision-making on all 
those matters of wholesale credit risk management that impact or potentially impact the corporate practices, processes 
and metrics established in the Policies, Standards and Frameworks for Action. In addition, it serves as a basis for the 
development of the risk management model and its monitoring of the BBVA Group's insurance companies. Finally, it is the 
main area of decision and monitoring of the lines of action for the integration of climate and environmental risk into the 
Group's risk management framework.
–
Portfolio Management Committee: The executive authority responsible for managing the limits by asset class for credit risk, 
equities and real estate, structural risks, market risk and asset management; and by business area and at the group level 
established in the risk limit planning exercise, seeking the optimization of portfolios under the restrictions imposed by the 
Risk Appetite Framework, maximizing the risk-adjusted performance of regulatory and economic capital, taking into 
account the concentration and credit quality objectives of the portfolio, as well as the perspectives and strategic needs of 
the BBVA Group. He is also responsible for designing and maintaining a comprehensive view of economic capital 
consumption and risk-adjusted returns by portfolio, business area and asset class. Finally, it is responsible for guaranteeing 
the suitability of the management and measurement criteria for global risks, global processes and those for calculating 
economic, regulatory capital and provisions not included in frameworks or subject to the definition of a risk model.
–
Risk Models Management Committee: It ensures an appropriate decision-making process regarding the planning, 
development, implementation, use, validation and monitoring of the models required to achieve an appropriate 
management of the Model Risk in the BBVA Group.
–
Global Market and Counterparty Risk Committee: its purpose is to formalize, supervise and communicate the trading risk 
monitoring in all Global Markets business units, as well as coordinating and approving the key decisions of the Market and 
Counterparty Risk activity. It is also responsible for the analysis and decision making (opinion on the risk profile of the 
proposal, the mitigants and the risk-return ratio) with respect to the most relevant transactions in the different geographies 
in which Global Markets is present.
–
Retail Credit Risk Committee: it ensures for the analysis, discussion and decision support on all issues regarding the retail 
credit risk management that impact or potentially do in the practices, processes and corporate metrics established in the 
General Policies, Rules and Operating Frameworks.
Also:
–
GRM Continuity Committee: as established by the Corporate Continuity Committee for the different areas, this Committee 
is dedicated to analyzing and taking decisions in response to exceptional crisis situations, with a view to managing the 
continuity and restoration of critical GRM processes, with a view to ensuring its operations have a minimum impact through 
the Continuity Plan, which addresses crisis management and Recovery Plans.
–
The Corporate Committee for Admission of Operational Risk and Product Governance aims to ensure the adequate 
evaluation of initiatives with significant risk (new business, product, outsourcing, process transformation, new systems, 
etc.) from the perspective of operational risk and reputational as well as the approval of the proposed control frameworks.
Consolidated Management Report Risk management
410
This English version is a translation of the original in Spanish for information purposes only. In case of a discrepancy, the Spanish original will prevail.

Risk units of the corporate area and the business/geographical areas
The risks function is comprised of risk units from the corporate area, which carry out cross-cutting functions, and of risk units of the 
geographical/business areas.
–
The risk units of the corporate area develop and submit to the Group's Chief Risk Officer the different elements required to 
define the proposal for the Group's Risk Appetite Framework, the general policies, the regulation and global infrastructures 
within the operating framework approved by corporate bodies; they ensure their application and report directly or through 
the Group's Chief Risk Officer to the corporate bodies of BBVA. With regard to non-financial risks and reputational risk, 
which are entrusted to the Regulation & Internal Control and Communications areas respectively, the corporate units of 
GRM will coordinate, with the corresponding corporate units of those areas, the development of the elements that should be 
integrated into the Appetite Framework of the Group.
–
The risk units of the business and/or geographical areas develop and submit to the Chief Risk Officer of the geographical 
and/or business areas the Risk Appetite Framework proposal applicable in each geographical and/or business area, 
independently and always according to the Group's Risk Appetite Framework. In addition, they ensure the application of 
general policies and the rest of the internal regulations, with the necessary adaptations, when applicable, to local 
requirements, providing the appropriate infrastructures for risk management and control purposes, within the global risk 
infrastructure framework defined by the corporate areas, and reporting to the corresponding corporate bodies and senior 
management, as applicable. With regard to Non-financial risks, which are integrated in the Regulation & Internal Control 
area, the local risk units will coordinate, with the unit responsible for those risks, the development of the elements that 
should be integrated into the local Risk Appetite Framework.
Thus, the local risk units work with the risk units of the corporate area with the aim of adapting themselves to the risk strategy at 
Group level and pooling all the information required to monitor the evolution of their risks. 
As previously mentioned, the risks function has a decision-making process supported by a structure of committees, and also a top-
level committee, the GRMC, whose composition and functions are described in the section "Chief Risk Officer of the Group."
Each geographical and/or business area has its own risk management committee(s), with objectives and contents similar to those of 
the corporate area. These committees perform their duties consistently and in line with general risk policies and corporate rules, and 
its decisions are reflected in the corresponding minutes. 
Under this organizational scheme, the risks function ensures the integration and application throughout the Group of the risk 
strategy, the regulatory framework, the infrastructures and standardized risk controls. It also benefits from the knowledge and 
proximity to customers in each geographical and/or business area, and conveys the corporate risk culture to the Group's different 
levels. Moreover, this organization enables the risks function to conduct and report to the corporate bodies an integrated monitoring 
and control of the risks of the entire Group.
Chief Risk Officers of geographical and/or business areas
The risks function is cross-cutting, i.e. it is present in all of the Group's geographical and/or business areas through specific risk units. 
Each of these units is headed by a Chief Risk Officer for the geographical and/or business area who, within the relevant scope of 
responsibility, carries out risk management and control functions and is responsible for applying the Model, the general policies and 
corporate rules approved at Group level in a consistent manner, adapting them if necessary to local requirements and with the 
subsequent reporting to local corporate bodies.
The Chief Risk Officers of the geographical and/or business areas have functional reporting to the Group's Chief Risk Officer and 
hierarchical reporting to the head of their geographical and/or business area. This dual reporting system aims to ensure the 
independence of the local risks function from the operational functions and enable its alignment with the Group's general policies and 
goals related to risks.
Risk Internal Control
The Group has a specific Risk Internal Control unit, within the Regulation & Internal Control area, that, among other tasks, 
independently challenges and control the regulation and governance structure in terms of financial risks and its implementation and 
deployment in GRM, in addition to the challenge of the development and implementation of financial risks control and management 
processes. It is also responsible for the validation of risk models.
For this purpose, it has 3 subunits: RIC-Processes, Risks Technical Secretariat and Risk Internal Validation.
–
RIC-Processes. It is responsible for challenging an appropriate development of the functions of GRM units, and for reviewing 
that the functioning of financial risk management and control processes is appropriate and in line with the corresponding 
regulation, identifying potential opportunities for improvement and contributing to the design of the action plans to be 
implemented by the responsible units. In addition, it is the Risk Control Specialist (RCS) in the Group's Internal Control 
Model and, therefore, establishes the general mitigation and control frameworks for its risk area and contrasts them with 
those actually implemented.
Consolidated Management Report Risk management
411
This English version is a translation of the original in Spanish for information purposes only. In case of a discrepancy, the Spanish original will prevail.

–
Risks Technical Secretariat. It is responsible for the definition, design and management of the principles, policies, criteria 
and processes through which the regulatory risk framework is developed, processed, reported and disclosed to the 
countries; and for the coordination, monitoring and assessment of its consistency and completeness. In addition, it 
coordinates the definition and structure of the most relevant GRM Committees, and monitors their proper functioning, in 
order to ensure that all risk decisions are taken through an adequate governance and structure, ensuring their traceability. It 
also provides to the CRC the technical support required in terms of financial risks for a better performance of its functions.
–
Risk Internal Validation. It is responsible for validating the risks models. In this regard, it effectively challenges the relevant 
models used to manage and control the risks faced by the Group, as an independent third party from those developing or 
using the models in order to ensure its accuracy, robustness and stability. This review process is not restricted to the 
approval process, or to the introduction of changes in the models; it is a plan to make a regular assessment of those models, 
with the subsequent issue of recommendations and actions to mitigate identified weaknesses.
The Head of Risk Internal Control of the Group is responsible for the function and reports about his activities and work plans to the 
Head of Regulation & Internal Control and to the CRC, with the corresponding support in the issues required, and, in particular, 
challenging that GRM's reports submitted to the Committee are aligned with the criteria established at the time. 
In addition, the risk internal control function is global and transversal, it includes all types of financial risks and has specific units in all 
geographical and/or business areas, with functional reporting to the Head of Risk Internal Control of the Group.
The Risk Internal Control function must ensure compliance with the general risks strategy defined by the Board of Directors, with 
adequate proportionality and continuity. In order to comply with the control activity within its scope. Risk Internal Control is member 
of GRM's top-level committees (sometimes even assuming the Secretariat role), independently verifying the decisions that may be 
taken and, specifically, the decisions related to the definition and application of internal GRM regulation.
Furthermore, the control activity is developed within a homogeneous methodological framework at a Group level, covering the entire 
life cycle of financial risk management and carried out under a critical and analytical approach.
The Risk Internal Control team reports the results of its control function to the corresponding heads and teams, promoting the 
implementation of corrective measures and submitting these assessments and the resolution commitments in a transparent manner 
to the established levels.
Lastly, and notwithstanding the control responsibility that GRM teams have in the first instance, Risk Internal Control teams promote 
a control culture in GRM, conveying the importance of having robust processes.
1.2 Risk appetite framework
Elements and development
The Group's Risk Appetite Framework approved by the corporate bodies determines the risks and the risk level that the Group is 
willing to assume to achieve its business objectives considering the organic evolution of business. These are expressed in terms of 
solvency, liquidity and funding, and profitability, as well as recurrence of revenue, which are reviewed not only periodically but also if 
there are any substantial changes in the business strategy or relevant corporate transactions.
The Risk Appetite Framework is expressed through the following elements:
–
Risk appetite statement: sets out the general principles of the Group's risk strategy and the target risk profile:
"The BBVA Group aims to achieve a solid risk-adjusted profitability throughout the cycle by developing a universal banking 
business model. This model is based on values, centered on the needs and life goals of our clients, and prioritizes 
sustainability as a lever for growth, operational excellence and the preservation of adequate business security and 
continuity.
BBVA intends to achieve these goals while maintaining a moderate risk profile, understood as achieving profitability that is 
commensurate with the risks incurred throughout the cycle, and maintaining a robust financial position reflected in 
sufficient liquidity and capital to withstand stress scenarios.
Risk Management at BBVA is based on a holistic and forward-looking approach to all risks, enabling adaptation to the 
disruption risks inherent to the banking business, while leveraging the capabilities offered by innovation and technological 
evolution. The key pillars of risk management to promote responsible growth, with recurrent generation of value, are the 
diversification of portfolios across geographies, the quality and profile of asset classes and client segments, anti-money 
laundering and financing of terrorism prevention, the incorporation of the impact of climate change, and accompanying our 
clients in achieving their life goals.”
–
Statements and core metrics: Statements are established, based on the risk appetite statement, specifying the general 
principles of risk management in terms of solvency, liquidity and funding, profitability and income recurrence. Moreover, the 
core metrics reflect, in quantitative terms, the principles and the target risk profile set out in the Risk Appetite statement. 
Each core metric has three thresholds ranging from usual management of the businesses to higher levels of impairment: 
◦
Management benchmark: a benchmark that determines a comfortable management level for the Group. 
◦
Maximum appetite: the maximum level of risk that the Group is willing to accept in its ordinary activity.
Consolidated Management Report Risk management
412
This English version is a translation of the original in Spanish for information purposes only. In case of a discrepancy, the Spanish original will prevail.

◦
Maximum capacity: the maximum risk level that the Group could assume, which for some metrics is associated 
with regulatory requirements.
–
Statements and by type of risk metrics: based on the core metrics and their thresholds, statements are established that set 
out the general management principles for each type of risk, and a number of metrics are determined for each type of risk, 
whose observance enables compliance with the core metrics and the Group's Risk Appetite statement. These metrics have 
a maximum risk appetite threshold. 
In addition to this Framework, there is a level of management limits that is defined and managed by the areas responsible for the 
management of each type of risk in order to ensure that the early management of risks complies with the established Risk Appetite 
Framework.
Each significant geographical area (that is, those representing more than 2% of the diversified economic capital or operating income 
of the BBVA Group) has its own Risk Appetite framework, consisting of its local Risk Appetite statement, core statements and 
metrics, and by type of risk statements and metrics, which must be consistent with those set at the Group level, but adapted to their 
own reality. These are approved by the corresponding corporate bodies of each entity. This Appetite Framework is deployed through 
a structure of management limits consistent with the above.
The corporate risks area works with the various geographical and/or business areas to define their Risk Appetite Framework, so that 
it is coordinated with, and integrated into, the Group's Risk Appetite Framework, making sure that its profile is in line with the one 
defined. Moreover, and for the purposes of monitoring at local level, the Chief Risks Officer of the geographical and/or business area 
regularly reports on the evolution of the metrics of the Local Risk Appetite Framework to the corporate bodies, as well as to the 
relevant top-level local committees, following a scheme similar to that of the Group, in accordance with its own corporate governance 
systems. 
Within the issuing process of the Risk Appetite Framework, Risk Internal Control carries out, within the scope of the GRM area the 
effective challenge of the Framework proposal prior to its escalation to corporate bodies, which is also documented, and it is extended 
to the approval of the management limits under which it is developed, also supervising its adequate approval and extension to the 
different entities of the Group. Likewise, in each significant geographical area, the local Risk Internal Control unit, working in the Risk 
Management Committee (hereinafter, RMC), carries out an effective challenge of the local Risk Appetite Framework prior to its 
escalation to local corporate bodies, which is also documented, and extended to the local approval process of the management limits. 
The report with the main conclusions of this analysis will be sent to the Heads of GRM and Regulation and Internal Control.
Monitoring of the Risk Appetite Framework and management of breaches
So that corporate bodies can develop the risk functions of the Group, the heads of risks at an executive level will regularly report 
(more frequently in the case of the CRC, within its scope of responsibility) on the evolution of the metrics of the Risk Appetite 
Framework of the Group, with the sufficient granularity and detail, in order to check the degree of compliance of the risks strategy set 
out in the Risk Appetite Framework of the Group approved by the Board of Directors.
If, through the monitoring of the metrics and supervision of the Risk Appetite Framework by the executive areas, a relevant deviation 
or breach of the maximum appetite levels of the metrics is identified, that situation must be reported and, where applicable, the 
corresponding corrective measures must be submitted to the CRC.
After the relevant review by the CRC, the deviation must be reported to the CDP (as part of its role in the monitoring of the evolution of 
the risk profile of the Group) and to the Board of Directors, which will be responsible, when applicable, for implementing the 
corresponding executive measures, including the modification of any metric of the Risk Appetite Framework. For this purpose, the 
CRC will submit to the corresponding corporate bodies all the information received and the proposals prepared by the executive 
areas, together with its own analysis.
Notwithstanding the foregoing, once the information has been analyzed and the proposal of corrective measures has been reviewed 
by the CRC, the CDP may adopt, on grounds of urgency and under the terms established by law, measures corresponding the Board 
of Directors, but always reporting those measures to the Board of Directors in the first meeting held after the implementation for 
ratification purposes.
In any case, an appropriate monitoring process will be established (with a greater information frequency and granularity, if required) 
regarding the evolution of the breached or deviated metric, and the implementation of the corrective measures, until it has been 
completely redressed, with the corresponding reporting to corporate bodies, in accordance with its risks monitoring, supervision and 
control functions.
Notwithstanding the provisions of this section, more robust monitoring and management models for breaches may be defined in 
executive-level regulations in cases where a breach of a metric within the Risk Appetite Framework occurs (or is anticipated). These 
breaches will be reported to the CRC, the CDP, and the Board as outlined in this section, or more frequently if deemed appropriate.
Consolidated Management Report Risk management
413
This English version is a translation of the original in Spanish for information purposes only. In case of a discrepancy, the Spanish original will prevail.

Integration of the Risk Appetite Framework into the management
The transfer of the Risk Appetite Framework to ordinary management is underpinned by three basic elements:
1.
The existence of a standardized set of regulations: the corporate risks area defines and proposes the general policies within 
its scope of action, and develops the additional internal regulation required for the development of those policies and the 
operating frameworks on the basis of which risk decisions must be adopted within the Group. The approval of the general 
policies for all types of risks is a responsibility of the corporate bodies of BBVA, while the rest of regulation is defined at an 
executive level according to the framework of competences applicable at any given time. The Risks units of the geographical 
and/or business areas comply with this regulation and performing, where necessary, the relevant adaptation to local 
requirements, in order to have a decision-making process that is appropriate at local level and aligned with the Group's 
policies. 
2.
Risk planning, which ensures the integration into the management of the Risk Appetite Framework through a cascade 
process established to set limits adjusted to the target risk profile. The Risks units of the corporate area and of the 
geographical and/or business areas are responsible for ensuring the alignment of this process with the Group's Risk 
Appetite Framework in terms of solvency, liquidity and funding, profitability, and income recurrence.
3.
A comprehensive management of risks during their life cycle, based on differentiated treatment according to their type.
1.3 Assessment, monitoring and reporting
Assessment, monitoring and reporting is a cross-cutting function at Group level. This function ensures that the model has a dynamic 
and proactive vision to enable compliance with the Risk Appetite Framework approved by the Board of Directors, even in adverse 
scenarios. 
This process is integrated in the activity of the Risk units, both of the corporate area and in the geographical and/or business units, 
together with the units specialized in non-financial risks and reputational risk within the Regulation & Internal Control and 
Communications areas respectively, in order to generate a comprehensive and single view of the risk profile of the Group.
This process is developed through the following phases:
1.
Identification of the material risks to which BBVA is exposed (risk assessment), which includes the identification of the main 
risk events (including emerging risks) as well as the identification of the main vulnerabilities, both in absolute terms and in 
relative terms in relation to the income generation capacity of the Group and its geographical and/or business areas.
2.
Monitoring the Group's risk profile and the identified risk factors, through internal, competitor and market indicators, 
among others, to anticipate their future development. 
3.
Assessment of the impact of the materialization of the risk factors on the metrics that define the Risk Appetite Framework 
based on different scenarios, including stress testing scenarios.
4.
Response to unwanted situations and proposals for redressing measures to the corresponding levels, in order to enable a 
dynamic management of the situation, even before it takes place. 
5.
Reporting: complete and reliable information on the evolution of risks to corporate bodies and senior management, in 
accordance with the principles of accuracy, exhaustiveness, clarity and utility, frequency, and adequate distribution and 
confidentiality. The principle of transparency governs all the risk information reporting process.
1.4 Infrastructure
For the implementation of the Model, the Group has the resources required for an effective management and supervision of risks and 
for achieving its goals. In this regard, the Group's risks function:
1.
Has the appropriate human resources in terms of number, ability, knowledge and experience. The profile of resources will 
evolve over time based on the specific needs of the GRM and Regulation & Internal Control areas, always with a high 
analytical and quantitative capacity as the main feature in the profile of those resources. Likewise, the corresponding units 
of the geographical and/or business areas have sufficient means from the resources, structures and tools perspective in 
order to achieve a risk management process aligned with the corporate model.
2.
Develops the appropriate methodologies and models for the measurement and management of the different risk profiles, 
and the assessment of the capital required to take those risks.
3.
Has the technological systems required to: support the Risk Appetite Framework in its broadest definition; calculate and 
measure the variables and specific data of the risk function; support risk management according to this Model; and provide 
an environment for storing and using the data required for risk management purposes and reporting to supervisory bodies. 
4.
Promotes adequate data governance, in accordance with the principles of governance, infrastructure, precision and 
integrity, completeness, promptness and adaptability, following the quality standards of the internal regulations referring to 
this matter.
Within the risk functions, both the profiles and the infrastructure and data shall have a global and consistent approach.
Consolidated Management Report Risk management
414
This English version is a translation of the original in Spanish for information purposes only. In case of a discrepancy, the Spanish original will prevail.

The human resources among the countries must be equivalent, within proportionality, ensuring a consistent operation of the risk 
function within the Group. However, they will be distinguished from those of the corporate area, as the latter will be more focused on 
the conceptualization of appetite frameworks, operating frameworks, the definition of the regulatory framework and the development 
of models, among other tasks.
As in the case of the human resources, technological platforms must be global, thus enabling the implementation of the Risk Appetite 
Framework and the standardized management of the risk life cycle in all countries.
The corporate area is responsible for deciding on the platforms and for defining the knowledge and roles of the human resources. It is 
also responsible for defining risk data governance.
The foregoing is reported to the corporate bodies of BBVA so they can ensure that the Group has the appropriate means, systems, 
structures and resources.
2. Credit risk
The evolution of the macroeconomic environment during 2024 has been uneven in the regions where the Group is present. In Spain, 
growth forecasts for 2024 have been revised upwards during 2024, the annual inflation has been more moderated than forecasted 
and is estimated to be at lower levels in 2025, the household solvency and liquidity levels remains at loose levels, whereas in Mexico, 
less dynamism in activity is observed in the last quarters, but unchanged in growth perspectives compared to the previous forecasts. 
Signs of economic normalization are observed in Turkey, and the asset quality indicators for the system remain at limited levels. 
Finally, South America continues moving towards macroeconomic normalization, with inflation gradually approaching the established 
goals and growth converging towards its potential levels.
Calculation of expected losses due to credit risk
For the estimation of expected losses, the models include individual and collective estimates, taking into account the macroeconomic 
forecasts in accordance with IFRS 9. Thus, the estimate at the end of the quarter includes the effect on expected losses of updating 
macroeconomic forecasts, which take into account the current global environment. Additionally, the Group may complement the 
expected losses either by considering additional risk drivers, or by incorporating sectorial particularities or those that may affect a set 
of operations or borrowers, following a formal internal process established for the purpose.
BBVA Group's credit risk indicators
The evolution of the Group’s main credit risk indicators is summarized below:
–
Credit risk increased by 5.8% in the fourth quarter of the year (+3.6% at constant exchange rates), with generalized growth 
in all geographical areas, highlighting the variation of Turkey, Mexico and Rest of Business. During the year, this growth was 
placed at 8.8% (11.7% at constant exchange rates), with origin mainly in Turkey and Rest of business.
–
Non-performing loans decreased by 3.2% at the Group level in the last quarter of 2024 (-4.6% at constant exchange rates), 
helped by and a reduction in the balance in all geographical areas except for Mexico, although lower than the growth of the 
previous quarter. In general, this decrease was supported by high recoveries, higher volume of write-offs, portfolio sales and 
inflows in line with or lower than in the previous quarter, except in Turkey, which continues to be affected by the high 
interest rate environment. During the year, the reduction in non-performing loans stood at -3.0% (-0.4% at constant 
exchange rates), with a fall in Spain and Rest of Businesses, which offset the growth in other areas.
NON-PERFORMING LOANS AND PROVISIONS (MILLIONS OF EUROS)
Non-Performing loans
Provisions
-3.0%
+1.2%
14,463
15,305
14,839
Dec.22
Dec.23
Dec.24
11,764
11,762
11,905
Dec.22
Dec.23
Dec.24
–
The NPL ratio stood at 3.0% in December 31, 2024, 28 basis points lower than the previous quarter, with generalized 
decreases in all geographical areas during the quarter and with an improvement of 37 basis points compared to the end of 
2023. 
–
The NPL coverage ratio ended the quarter at 80%, an increase of 548 basis points compared to the previous quarter, and of 
338 basis points compared to the end of 2023, with generalized increases in the quarter in all geographical areas supported 
by the reduction in non-performing loans.
Consolidated Management Report Risk management
415
This English version is a translation of the original in Spanish for information purposes only. In case of a discrepancy, the Spanish original will prevail.

–
The cumulative cost of risk as of December 31, 2024 stood at 1.43%, remaining practically stable compared to the previous 
quarter, and in line with the expectations. By business areas, Mexico showed an improvement on this indicator, Spain and 
South America remain at levels of the previous quarter, and Rest of Business and Turkey presented improvements. 
Compared to the end of 2023, this ratio increased by 28 basis points, as a result of the evolution on the retail portfolios in 
Mexico, Turkey and South America, growth in line with Group´s profitable growth strategy.
 
NPL AND NPL COVERAGE RATIOS AND COST OF RISK (PERCENTAGE) 
77%
76%
75%
75%
80%
NPL coverage
3.4%
3.4%
3.3%
3.3%
3.0%
NPL                 
1.15%
1.39%
1.42%
1.42%
1.43%
Cost of risk   
12M23
3M24
1H24
9M24
12M24
31-12-24
30-09-24
30-06-24
31-03-24
31-12-23
Credit risk
488,302
461,408
469,687
462,457
448,840
Stage 1
439,209
407,658
414,956
405,765
392,528
Stage 2 ⁽²⁾
34,254
38,423
39,298
40,975
41,006
Stage 3 (non-performing loans)
14,839
15,327
15,434
15,716
15,305
Provisions
11,905
11,457
11,560
11,943
11,762
Stage 1
2,434
2,083
2,162
2,198
2,142
Stage 2
1,902
1,824
1,911
2,130
2,170
Stage 3 (non-performing loans)
7,569
7,550
7,486
7,615
7,450
NPL ratio (%) 
3.0
3.3
3.3
3.4
3.4
NPL coverage ratio (%) ⁽3⁾
80
75
75
76
77
⁽¹⁾ Includes gross loans and advances to customers plus guarantees given.
⁽²⁾ During 2024, the criteria for identifying significant increases in credit risk were reviewed and updated. As part of this update, certain short-term portfolio transactions, as well 
as those meeting the expanded definition of the low credit risk exception, were excluded from transfer based on certain quantitative criteria. These changes have led to a 
significant reduction in the Stage 2 balance at the Group level during the last quarter of 2024, with the impact of these measures primarily concentrated in BBVA, S.A.
⁽3⁾ The NPL coverage ratio includes the valuation adjustments for credit risk throughout the expected residual life in those financial instruments that have been acquired (mainly 
originating from the acquisition of Catalunya Banc, S.A.). If these valuation corrections had not been taken into account, the NPL coverage ratio would have also stood at 80% 
as of December 31, 2024.
CREDIT RISK ⁽¹⁾ (MILLIONS OF EUROS)
NON-PERFORMING LOANS EVOLUTION (MILLIONS OF EUROS)
4Q24 ⁽¹⁾
3Q24 
2Q24
1Q24
4Q23
Beginning balance
15,327
15,434
15,716
15,305
14,864
Entries
3,108
3,036
2,927
3,184
3,038
Recoveries
(2,582)
(1,730)
(1,500)
(1,530)
(1,373)
Net variation 
526
1,307
1,427
1,655
1,665
Write-offs
(1,178)
(953)
(1,212)
(1,216)
(983)
Exchange rate differences and other
165
(460)
(498)
(27)
(241)
Period-end balance
14,839
15,327
15,434
15,716
15,305
Memorandum item:
Non-performing loans
14,211
14,590
14,672
14,938
14,444
Non performing guarantees given
628
737
761
778
862
⁽¹⁾ Preliminary data. 
Consolidated Management Report Risk management
416
This English version is a translation of the original in Spanish for information purposes only. In case of a discrepancy, the Spanish original will prevail.

3. Market risk
For further information, see Note 7.4 of the Consolidated Financial Statements.
4. Structural risks
Liquidity and funding
Liquidity and funding management at BBVA promotes the financing of the recurring growth of the banking business at suitable 
maturities and costs using a wide range of funding sources. BBVA's business model, risk appetite framework and funding strategy are 
designed to reach a solid funding structure based on stable customer deposits, mainly retail (granular). As a result of this model, 
deposits have a high degree of insurance in each geographical area being close to 55% in Spain and Mexico. It is important to note 
that, given the nature of BBVA's business, lending is mainly financed through stable customer funds.
One of the key elements in the BBVA Group's liquidity and funding management is the maintenance of large high-quality liquidity 
buffers in all geographical areas. In this respect, the Group has maintained during the last 12 months an average volume of high-
quality liquid assets (HQLA) of €130.6 billion, of which 97% corresponded to maximum quality assets (level 1 in the liquidity coverage 
ratio, LCR).
Due to its subsidiary-based management model, BBVA is one of the few major European banks that follows the Multiple Point of Entry 
(MPE) resolution strategy: the parent company sets the liquidity policies, but the subsidiaries are self-sufficient and responsible for 
managing their own liquidity and funding (taking deposits or accessing the market with their own rating). This strategy limits the 
spread of a liquidity crisis among the Group's different areas and ensures the adequate transmission of the cost of liquidity and 
financing to the price formation process.
The BBVA Group maintains a solid liquidity position in every geographical area in which it operates, with ratios well above the 
minimum required:
–
The LCR requires banks to maintain a volume of high-quality liquid assets sufficient to withstand liquidity stress for 30 days. 
BBVA Group's consolidated LCR remained comfortably above 100% during 2024 and stood at 134% as of December 31, 
2024. It should be noted that, given the MPE nature of BBVA, this ratio limits the numerator of the LCR for subsidiaries of 
BBVA S.A. to 100% of their net outflows, therefore, the resulting ratio is below that of the individual units (the LCR of the 
main components was 156% in BBVA, S.A., 146% in Mexico and 141% in Turkey). Without considering this restriction, the 
Group's LCR ratio was 162%.
–
The net stable funding ratio (NSFR) requires banks to maintain a stable funding profile in relation to the composition of their 
assets and off-balance sheet activities. The BBVA Group's NSFR ratio stood at 127% as of December 31, 2024.
The breakdown of these ratios in the main geographical areas in which the Group operates is shown below:
LCR AND NSFR RATIOS (PERCENTAGE. 31-12-24)
BBVA, S.A.
Mexico
Turkey
South America 
LCR
156%
146%
141%
All countries >100
NSFR
119%
131%
149%
All countries >100
In addition to the above, the most relevant aspects related to the main geographical areas are the following:
–
BBVA, S.A. has maintained a strong position with a large high-quality liquidity buffer, having repaid the entire TLTRO III 
program, maintaining at all times the regulatory liquidity metrics well above the set minimums. During 2024, commercial 
activity showed a strong dynamism, experiencing growth in lending, higher than growth in customer deposits.
–
BBVA Mexico shows a solid liquidity situation, even though the credit gap increased in 2024 as a result of the strong 
dynamism of credit and a contained growth in fund gathering as a result of management efforts to contain the cost of funds. 
However, the last quarter of the year saw a recovery in the growth of customer funds due to the usual seasonal nature of the 
end of the year.
–
In Turkey, in 2024, the lending gap in local currency grew, with loan growth outpacing deposits. Regarding the credit gap in 
foreign currency, an increase was also recorded in 2024, mainly originated by an increase in loans and the decrease on 
deposits. The liquidity buffer has been reduced, mainly due to the reserve requirement and the mentioned increase in credit 
gap. On the other hand, the Central Bank of Turkey has continued updating the measures to continue with the 
dedollarization process of the economy and control the inflation.
–
In South America, the liquidity situation remains adequate throughout the region. In BBVA Argentina, the growth of excess 
liquidity in Argentine pesos slowed, thanks to the increase in loans in the quarter above the deposits. In BBVA Colombia, the 
credit gap decreased throughout the year with a growth in deposits much higher than loans. BBVA Peru has shown a 
decrease in lending gap in 2024 with a growth in deposits higher than loans in both in local currency and in U.S. dollars.
Consolidated Management Report Risk management
417
This English version is a translation of the original in Spanish for information purposes only. In case of a discrepancy, the Spanish original will prevail.

The main wholesale financing transactions carried out by the BBVA Group during 2024 are listed below:
Issuer
Type of issue
Date of issue
Nominal 
(millions)
Currency
Coupon
Early 
redemption
Maturity date
BBVA, S.A.
Senior 
preferred 
Jan-24
1,250
EUR
3.875%
—
Jan-34
Tier 2
Feb-24
1,250
EUR
4.875%
Nov-30 to 
Feb-31
Feb-36
Senior 
preferred
Mar-24
1,000
USD
5.381%
—
Mar-29
Senior non-
preferred
Mar-24
1,000
USD
6.033%
Mar-34
Mar-35
Senior 
preferred 
(green bond)
Mar-24
1,000
EUR
3.500%
—
Mar-31
Senior 
preferred
Jun-24
1,000
EUR
3 month 
Euribor rate + 
45 basis 
points
—
Jun-27
Senior 
preferred
Jun-24
750
EUR
3.625%
—
Jun-30
AT1 (CoCo)
Jun-24
750
EUR
6.875%
Dec-30 to 
Jun-31
Perpetual
Tier 2
Aug-24
1,000
EUR
4.375%
May-31 to 
Aug-31
Aug-36
Additionally, BBVA, S.A. redeemed two capital issuances in the first half of 2024: in February 2024, a Tier 2 issuance in February 
2019, for an amount of €750m and, in March 2024, an AT1 issued in 2019 on its first date of optional redemption, for an amount of €1 
billion. In addition, in December, the redemption of a Tier 2 issue of subordinated bonds issued in January 2020 in the amount of €1 
billion, effectively realized in January 2025, was announced. On January 14, 2025 BBVA, S.A. issued an AT1 for an amount of USD 1 
billion, with an early redemption option after seven years and on the 28th announced its irrevocable decision to redeem in whole an 
AT1 issued in 2019 worth USD 1 billion the next March 5, 2025.
BBVA Mexico issued in January 2024, Tier 2 bonds for USD 900m with a maturity of 15 years and an early repayment option in 10 
years with a coupon of 8.125%. Additionally, on April 10 2024, BBVA Mexico issued bank stock certificates for 15 billion Mexican 
pesos in two tranches. In addition, in September 2024, BBVA Mexico carried out a debt issue of USD 600m on international market 
for a term of five years and a fixed rate of 5.25%. Lastly, in October 2024, BBVA Mexico issued local bonds for 15.98 billion Mexican 
pesos in three tranches, one of them for USD 200m. The high participation and diversification achieved reaffirmed the confidence and 
interest of investors in BBVA Mexico.
In Turkey, Garanti BBVA issued two Tier 2 subordinated instruments in 2024, the first in February for USD 500m, with a coupon of 
8.375% and a ten-year term, with an early redemption option in five years, and the second one in December for a total amount of USD 
750m and a coupon of 8.125%, with a ten-year maturity and a repurchase option after five years. Simultaneous to the latter issue, a 5-
day repurchase offer on a Tier 2 subordinated bond maturing in 2027 (USD 750m) was issued to the holders of the USD 134m bond 
and in December, announced the full redemption of a Tier 2 for 750m Turkish lira, to execute in February. Additionally, in June 2024, 
Garanti BBVA renewed the total syndicated loan based on environmental, social and governance (ESG) criteria, which consists of two 
separate tranches of USD 241m (SOFR+2.50%) and €179m (Euribor+2.25%), respectively. Finally, in December of the same year, 
Garanti BBVA announced the signing of a syndicated loan worth USD 244m (SOFR +1.75%) and €162.4m (Euribor +1.5%), with 
maturity at 367 days. 
For its part, BBVA Peru issued in March 2024 a subordinated Tier 2 bond on the international market for USD 300m, with a 6.20% 
coupon, a 10.25-year maturity and an early redemption option in the fifth year. In parallel with this issue, a repurchase offer was also 
made on a USD 300 million Tier 2 subordinated bond with maturity in September 2029 for a participation of USD 163 million; the 
remaining USD 137 million were redeemed by executing the associated call option in September. In December signed the contract 
with the Inter-American Development Bank (hereinafter IDB) and the Development Finance Corporation (COFIDE) for the first 
tranche of a USD 100m social bond for a term of 5 years at SOFR+1.35%.
BBVA Colombia, together with the International Finance Corporation (IFC) and the IDB, issued in the second half of the year a three-
tranche green biodiversity bond for an amount of USD 70m and a term of three years. Also on the subject of biodiversity, it received a 
loan from CAF in the amount of USD 50 million for a term of 5 years. Lastly, in November the first tranche of a USD 50 million 
subordinated bond (Tier 2) with the IDB was paid out.
BBVA Argentina issued in September, in the local market, 24.5 billion Argentine pesos (equivalent to about €23m) in senior debt a 
variable rate of Badlar+5%. With this issuance BBVA Argentina reopens the debt market in which it has not participated since 2019. 
Additionally, in December, two senior debt issues were made, one for an amount of 15,088m Argentine pesos (equivalent to about 
€14m) at a MET rate of 2.75% and the other for an amount of 37,707m Argentine pesos (equivalent to €35m) at a TAMAR rate of 
+2.74%.
Consolidated Management Report Risk management
418
This English version is a translation of the original in Spanish for information purposes only. In case of a discrepancy, the Spanish original will prevail.

In conclusion, 2024 has become one of the most active years in wholesale funding issuance in the history of BBVA, S.A., with about 
€8.9 billion funded in nine tranches. If we also consider the issuance activity of BBVA Mexico, BBVA Turkey, BBVA Peru and BBVA 
Colombia, this access to international markets increases by USD 3.47 billion, which shows the strength of the Group´s access to 
wholesale markets from its main issuance units.
Foreign exchange
Foreign exchange risk management aims to reduce both the sensitivity of the capital ratios and the net attributable profit variability to 
currency fluctuations.
In relation to the hedging of the capital ratios, BBVA aims to cover in aggregate, 70% of its subsidiaries' capital excess. The sensitivity 
of the Group's CET1 fully loaded ratio to 10% depreciations in major currencies is estimated at: +20 basis points for the U.S. dollar, -9 
basis points for the Mexican peso and -4 basis points for the Turkish lira118. With regard to the hedging of results, BBVA hedges 
between 40% and 50% of the aggregate net attributable profit it expects to generate in the next 12 months. For each currency, the 
final amount hedged depends, among other factors, on its expected future evolution, the costs and the relevance of the incomes 
related to the Group's results as a whole. 
Interest rate
Interest rate risk management seeks to limit the impact that BBVA may suffer, both in terms of net interest income (short-term) and 
economic value (long-term), from adverse movements in the interest rate curves in the various currencies in which the Group 
operates. BBVA carries out this work through an internal procedure, pursuant to the guidelines established by the European Banking 
Authority (EBA), with the aim of analyzing the potential impact that could derive from a range of scenarios on the Group's different 
balance sheets.
The model is based on assumptions intended to realistically mimic the behavior of the balance sheet. The assumptions regarding the 
behavior of accounts with no explicit maturity and prepayment estimates are specially relevant. These assumptions are reviewed and 
adapted at least once a year according to the evolution in observed behaviors.
At the aggregate level, BBVA continues to maintain a limited risk profile in line with the target set in the environment of the change of 
cycle to lower interest rates, with positive sensitivity to interest rate rises in net interest income.
During 2024, the actual and expected evolution of inflation, as well as the response of central banks to it, as well as the geopolitical 
events, have been the focus of attention of the market. In this sense, expectations regarding the number of rate cuts and the speed of 
these have been changing throughout the year, with some episodes of volatility.
Thus, while the ECB began its reduction cycle in June and continued in its September, October and December meetings, the FED did 
so in September with an initial cut of 50 basis points, followed by an additional cut of 25 basis points in its November meeting. For the 
year as a whole, the rate yield curve experimented a slope increase, in general with declines in the short end of the yield curve and 
increases in the longer ones. For their part, peripheral rate curve spreads remain well supported narrowing during the year. The 
steepening observed in the U.S. and European curves also spread to Mexico and to a great part of South America. Turkey, for its part, 
experienced an increase in rates in the year, both real and nominal. However, the Group's fixed income portfolios performed 
heterogeneously during the year, highlighting the increase in Spain's valuation while Turkey's fell. By geographical areas: 
–
Spain has a balance sheet characterized by a lending portfolio with a high proportion of variable-rate loans (mortgages and 
corporate lending) and liabilities composed mainly by customer demand deposits. The ALCO portfolio acts as a management 
lever and hedge for the balance sheet, mitigating its sensitivity to interest rate fluctuations. In an environment of high rates, 
the exposure of the net interest income to movements in interest rates remains limited.
The benchmark interest rate in the euro area stood at 3.15% at the end of December 2024, the rate on the deposit facility at 
3.00% and the rate on the marginal lending facility at 3.40%. In addition, as announced in March, in September the ECB 
reduced the spread between the benchmark interest rate and the deposit facility rate by 15 basis points. As for reinvestments 
under the Pandemic Emergency Purchase Programme (PEPP), they were completely interrupted at the end of 2024.
–
Mexico continues to show a balance between fixed and variable interest rates balances, which results in a limited sensitivity to 
interest rates fluctuations. Among the assets that are most sensitive to interest rate changes, the commercial portfolio stood 
out, while consumer and mortgage portfolios are mostly at a fixed rate. With regard to customer funds, the high proportion of 
non-interest bearing deposits, which are insensitive to interest rate movements, should be highlighted. The ALCO portfolio is 
invested primarily in fixed-rate sovereign bonds with limited durations. The monetary policy rate stood at 10.00% at the end 
of 2024, 125 basis points below the end of 2023.
–
In Turkey, the sensitivity of deposits is offset by the ALCO portfolio and loans (fixed rate and relatively short-term). The 
sensitivity of the net interest income remains limited thanks to the different efforts carried out by the Bank. In 2023, the 
Central Bank of the Turkish Republic (CBRT) implemented successive increases in monetary policy rates, increasing the 
interest rates to 42.50% at the end of December of that year . Subsequently, after keeping the benchmark interest rates at 
50% until November 2024, they were reduced to 47.50% at the end of December 2024. It is expected that the CBRT will 
continue to reduce the policy rates, which would be positive for the customer spread in 2025.
Consolidated Management Report Risk management
419
This English version is a translation of the original in Spanish for information purposes only. In case of a discrepancy, the Spanish original will prevail.
118 This sensitivity does not include the cost of capital hedges, which are currently estimated at 3 basis points per quarter for Mexican peso and 2 basis points per quarter for 
Turkish lira.

–
In South America, the sensitivity of net interest income continues to be limited, since most of the countries in the area have a 
fixed/variable composition. In addition, in balance sheets with several currencies, the interest rate risk is managed for each of 
the currencies, showing a very low level of exposure. Regarding benchmark rates, in Peru it stood at 5.00% as of December 
2024, 175 basis points below its 2023 closing level while in Colombia, the central bank carried out three consecutive interest 
rate cuts, placing the benchmark interest rate at 9.50%, accumulating a cut of 350 basis points in 2024. In Argentina, the 
central bank maintains the benchmark interest rate at 32%, which is a decrease of 68 basis points compared to the end of 
December 2023.
INTEREST RATES (PERCENTAGE)
31-12-24
30-09-24
30-06-24
31-03-24
31-12-23
30-09-23
30-06-23
31-03-23
Official ECB rate (1)
3.15
3.65
4.25
4.50
4.50
4.50
4.00
3.50
Euribor 3 months (2)
2.83
3.43
3.73
3.92
3.94
3.88
3.54
2.91
Euribor 1 year (2)
2.44
2.94
3.65
3.72
3.68
4.15
4.01
3.65
USA Federal rates
4.50
5.00
5.50
5.50
5.50
5.50
5.25
5.00
TIIE (Mexico)
10.00
10.50
11.00
11.00
11.25
11.25
11.25
11.25
CBRT (Turkey) 
47.50
50.00
50.00
50.00
42.50
30.00
15.00
8.50
(1) As announced on 13 March 2024, certain changes to the operational framework for implementing monetary policy will take effect from 18 September 2024. In particular, the 
spread between the rate on the main refinancing operations and the deposit facility rate was reduced to 15 basis points. The spread between the interest rate on the marginal 
lending facility and the rate on the main refinancing operations will remain unchanged at 25 basis points.
(2) Calculated as the month average.
5. Risks associated with climate change
The management of climate and environmental risk factors is key to implement BBVA's strategy, which is based on managing risks 
appropriately, supporting the transition to a low-carbon economy, and meeting the ambition of achieving net-zero carbon emissions 
by 2050.
The information on the BBVA Group's management of risks associated with climate change and environmental factors is described in 
the “Management of risks associated with climate change” section of the NFIS included in this Management Report.
6. Operational Risk
BBVA defines operational risk (“OR”) as any risk that could result in losses caused by human error; inadequate or flawed internal 
processes; undue conduct with respect to customers, markets or the institution; weaknesses in the antimoney laundering and 
financing of terrorist programs; failures, interruptions or flaws in systems or communications; theft, loss or wrong use of information, 
as well as deterioration of its quality, internal or external fraud, including in any case those derived from cyberattacks; theft or harm to 
assets or persons; legal risks; risks derived from staff management and labor health; and defective service provided by suppliers; as 
well as damages from extreme climate events, pandemics and other natural disasters.
This section addresses general aspects of operational risk management as the main component of non-financial risks. However, 
sections devoted to conduct and compliance risk and to cybersecurity risk management are also included in the non-financial 
information report. 
Operational risk management
Operational risk management is oriented toward the identification of the root causes to avoid their occurrence and mitigate possible 
consequences. This is carried out through the establishment of control framework and monitoring and the development of mitigation 
plans. The objective is to ensure that our activities are conducted with integrity and transparency, and in compliance with applicable 
regulations; increase the quality, safety and availability of the service provided, as long as minimizing the economic and reputational 
losses and their impact on the recurrent generation of results.
Operational risk management is integrated into the global risk management structure of the BBVA Group.
Operational risk management principles
The BBVA Group is committed to preferably applying advanced operational risk management models, regardless of the capital 
calculation regulatory model applicable at the time. Operational risk management at the BBVA Group shall:
–
Be aligned with the Risk Appetite Framework ratified by the BBVA Board of Directors, aiming to safeguard the solvency 
of the entity.
–
Address BBVA's management needs in terms of compliance with legislation, regulations and industry standards, as well as 
the decisions or positioning of BBVA's corporate bodies.
Consolidated Management Report Risk management
420
This English version is a translation of the original in Spanish for information purposes only. In case of a discrepancy, the Spanish original will prevail.

–
Anticipate the potential operational risk to which the Group may be exposed as a result of the creation or modification of 
products, activities, processes or systems, as well as decisions regarding the outsourcing or hiring of services, and establish 
mechanisms to assess and mitigate risk to a reasonable extent prior to implementation, as well as review the same on a 
regular basis. 
–
Regularly assess the significant operational risk to which the Group is exposed, in order to adopt appropriate mitigation 
measures in each case, once the identified risk and the cost of mitigation (cost/benefit analysis) have been considered, 
while safeguarding the Group's solvency at all times.
–
Promote the implementation of mechanisms that support careful monitoring of all sources of operational risk and the 
effectiveness of mitigation and control environments, fostering proactive risk management.
–
Identify the relevant operational events already suffered, looking for their root causes and establishing measures to prevent 
the same, provided that the cost/benefit analysis so recommends. 
–
Evaluate key public events that have generated operational risk losses at other companies and support, where appropriate, 
the implementation of measures as required to prevent them from occurring at the Group.
–
Stablish mechanisms to measure and monitor economic capital requirements, including stress scenarios to complement 
operational events already suffered.
–
Have an effective system of governance in place, where the functions and responsibilities of the corporate areas and bodies 
involved in operational risk management are clearly defined.
–
Operational risk management must be performed in coordination with management of other risk, taking into consideration 
credit or market events that may have an operational origin.
Operational risk management model
The operational risk management cycle at BBVA is similar to the one implemented for the rest of risks. Its elements are:
Operational risk management parameters
Operational risk forms part of the risk appetite framework of the Group and includes three types of metrics and limits: 
–
Economic capital: calculated with the operational losses database of the Group, considering the corresponding intra-
geographical diversification effects and the additional estimation of potential and emerging risks through stress scenarios. 
The economic capital is regularly calculated for the main banks of the Group and simulation capabilities are available to 
anticipate the impact of changes on the risk profile or new potential events.
–
ORI metrics (Operational Risk Indicator: operational risk losses vs. gross income) broken down by geography.
–
Indicators on sources of risk: a more granular common scheme of metrics (indicators and limits) covering the main types of 
operational risk is  implemented throughout the Group. These metrics make it possible to intensify the anticipatory 
management of risk and objectify the appetite to different sources of risk. The indicators are regularly reviewed and 
adjusted to capture  the main current risks.
Consolidated Management Report Risk management
421
This English version is a translation of the original in Spanish for information purposes only. In case of a discrepancy, the Spanish original will prevail.
OR       
Monitoring
OR Admission
OR 
Management 
Flowchart
OR Mitigation
Scheduling

Operational risk admission
The main purposes of the operational risk admission phase are the following:
–
To anticipate potential operational risk to which the Group may be exposed due to the release of new, or modification of 
businesses, products, activities, processes or systems or in relations with third parties (e.g. in the outsourcing of bank 
processes to third parties).
–
To ensure that implementation and the roll out of initiatives is only performed once appropriate mitigation measures have 
been taken in each case, including external assurance of risks where deemed appropriate. 
The Corporate Non-Financial Risk Management Policy sets out the specific operational risk admission framework through different 
Operational Risk Admission and Product Governance Committees, both at a corporate and Business Area level, that follow a 
delegation structure based on the risk level of proposed initiatives.
CCAROyGP
(Operational Risk & Product Governance Corporate Admission Committee)
CCAROyGP Geography
(Operational Risk & Product Governance Admission Committee)
Specific Committees / Subcommitees
According to local and/or regulatory needs
Operational risk monitoring
BBVA  promotes the continuous monitoring by each Area of the due functioning and effectiveness of its control environment.
The purpose of this phase is to check that the operational risk profile of the Group is within the authorized limits. Operational risk 
monitoring considers 2 scopes:
–
Monitoring the operational risk admission process, oriented toward checking that accepted risks levels are within the limits 
and that defined controls are effective.
–
Monitoring the operational risk "stock" mainly associated with processes. This is done by carrying out a periodic re-
evaluation in order to generate and maintain an updated map of the relevant operational risks in each Area, and evaluate the 
adequacy of the monitoring and mitigation environment for said risks. When weaknesses are detected, action plans are 
promoted. 
Operational risk monitoring is mainly supported by the following processes:
Risk and Control Self-Assessment (RCSA)
The RCSA is the process implemented in the Group to systematize the periodic updating of the risks to which the Group is exposed; 
for this purpose, different sources of information are taken into account, both internal and external (emerging risks in the industry, 
events occurring in other entities or in the BBVA Group itself, new regulations applicable to the entity, weaknesses identified by 
internal or external auditors and supervisors, etc.).
The risks identified are evaluated in order to focus monitoring and management efforts on those whose impacts may generate 
negative consequences for the Group beyond those that are reasonable in the course of its ordinary activities.
For the most relevant risks, an evaluation is made of the existing mitigating elements, in order to determine their sufficiency for the 
adequate mitigation of the risks or their eventual consequences; if the mitigating elements are considered insufficient or their 
operation is not adequate, the definition and implementation of mitigation measures is promoted.
This process is supported by a corporate Governance, Risk & Compliance tool that monitors the operational risk at a local level and its 
aggregation at a corporate level.
Monitoring of management parameters
The monitoring of management parameters allows the Group to identify sources of risk that behave abnormally, exceeding the 
established appetite levels, as well as relevant sources of risk not previously identified or underestimated; in these situations, the 
Group activates mechanisms to identify the root causes of these situations and to reinforce the mitigation environment, thus 
contributing to the Group's RCSA process.
Consolidated Management Report Risk management
422
This English version is a translation of the original in Spanish for information purposes only. In case of a discrepancy, the Spanish original will prevail.

The RCSA, together with the operational risk admission process and the management derived from the monitoring of forward-looking 
parameters, make up the main structure of the Group's operational risk proactive management processes.
Operational loss collection
In addition, and in line with the best practices and recommendations provided by the Bank for International Settlements (hereinafter, 
BIS), BBVA has procedures to collect the operational losses occurred both in the different entities of the Group and in other financial 
groups, with the appropriate level of detail to carry out an effective analysis that provides useful information for management 
purposes and to contrast the consistency of the Group's operational risks map. To that end, a corporate tool of the Group is used.
The analysis of operational losses and their trends may reveal the materialization of risks that have not been adequately identified, 
evaluated or mitigated, thus allowing feedback to the RCSA exercise while promoting mitigation measures to prevent their future 
occurrence. 
As a result of the monitoring activities, a risk assessment is produced, both, at consolidated and local level, allowing to focus 
management and mitigation efforts. 
Operational risk mitigation
The Group promotes the proactive mitigation of the non-financial risks to which it is exposed and which are identified in the 
monitoring activities.
In order to rollout common monitoring and anticipated mitigation practices throughout the Group, several cross-sectional plans are 
being promoted related to relevant events, lived by the Group or by the industry, self-assessments and recommendations from 
auditors and supervisors in different geographies, thereby analyzing the best practices at the selected topics and fostering 
comprehensive action plans to strengthen and standardize the control environment.
Assurance of operational risk
Assurance is one of the possible options for managing the operational risk to which the Group is exposed, and mainly has two 
potential purposes:
–
Coverage of extreme situations linked to recurrent events that are difficult to mitigate or can only be partially mitigated by 
other means.
–
Coverage of non-recurrent events that could have significant financial impact, if they occurred.
The Group has a general framework that regulates this area, and allows systematizing risk assurance decisions, aligning insurance 
coverage with the risks to which the Group is exposed and reinforcing governance in the decision-making process of arranging 
insurance policies.
Operational risk governance
BBVA Group's operational risk governance model is based on two components:
–
Three-line defense control model, in line with industry best practices, and which guarantees compliance with the most 
advanced operational risk internal control standards.
–
Scheme of Corporate Assurance Committees and Internal Control and Operational Risk Committees in  the different 
business and support areas.
Consolidated Management Report Risk management
423
This English version is a translation of the original in Spanish for information purposes only. In case of a discrepancy, the Spanish original will prevail.

Corporate Assurance Committee Scheme
Corporate Assurance establishes a structure of committees, both at local and corporate level, to provide senior management with a 
comprehensive and homogeneous vision of the main non-financial risks and significant situations of the control environment.
Global CA (1) Committee
Operating CA (1) Committee (Group)
CA (1) Committee (Geography/Unit)
Internal Control and Operational Risk  Committee
(Business Unit and Support Areas)
 (1) CA: Corporate Assurance
Each geographical area has a Corporate Assurance Committee chaired by the Country Manager and whose main functions are:
–
Facilitate agile and anticipatory decision-making for the mitigation or assumption of the main risks.
–
Monitoring the changes in the non-financial risks and their alignment with the defined strategies and policies and the risk 
appetite.
–
Analyzing and assessing controls and measures established to mitigate the impact of the risks identified, should they 
materialize.
–
Making decisions about the proposals for risk taking that are conveyed by the working groups or that arise in the Committee 
itself
–
Promoting transparency by promoting the proactive participation of the three lines of defense in discharging their 
responsibilities and the rest of the organization in this area 
At the holding level there is a Global Corporate Assurance Committee, chaired by the Group's Chief Executive Officer. Its main 
functions are similar to those already described but applicable to the most important issues that are escalated from the geographies 
and the holding company areas.
The business and support areas have an Internal Control and Operational Risk Committee, whose purpose is to ensure the due 
implementation of the operational risk management model within its scope of action and drive active management of such risk, taking 
mitigation decisions when control weaknesses are identified and monitoring the same.
Additionally, the Non-Financial Risk unit periodically reports the status of the management of non-financial risks in the Group to the 
Board's Risk and Compliance Committee.
Consolidated Management Report Risk management
424
This English version is a translation of the original in Spanish for information purposes only. In case of a discrepancy, the Spanish original will prevail.

7.
Reputational risk
BBVA defines reputational risk as the potential loss in results as a consequence of events that may negatively affect the perception 
that the different stakeholders have of the Group. Therefore, reputational risk management is aimed at ensuring that the Group does 
not engage in activities or practices that could cause permanent or very significant damage to its reputation.
Reputational risk assessment of the activity in progress
Since 2016, BBVA disposes of a reputational risk assessment methodology. Through this methodology, the Bank defines and reviews 
regularly a map in which it prioritizes the reputational risks which have to be faced and the set of action plans to mitigate them. The 
prioritization is done based on two variables: the impact on the perception of the stakeholders and the strength of BBVA facing the 
risk.
This exercise is performed annually in all countries where the Group has bank entities. 
In addition, indicators that measure the reputational risk of the entity in its main geographical areas are continuously monitored, as 
well as events that may have a potential impact on the Group's reputation.
Reputational risk in new initiatives
The Reputation teams collaborate, together with the rest of the members of BBVA’s second defense line, in the different Committees 
of Admission of the Operational Risk, both at Group and the different geographical areas level. Those Committees perform the initial 
identification of potential reputational risks and mitigation controls are proposed.
Reporting of the Reputational risk
The results of the annual assessment of the Reputational Risk are reported in each geographical area at the appropriate governance 
level. At Group level, these results are reported to the Global Corporate Assurance Committee and the corporate bodies.
Consolidated Management Report Risk management
425
This English version is a translation of the original in Spanish for information purposes only. In case of a discrepancy, the Spanish original will prevail.

8. Risk factors 
The BBVA Group has processes in place for identifying risks and analyzing scenarios in order to enable the Group to manage risks in a 
dynamic and proactive way.
The risk identification processes are forward looking to seek the identification of emerging risks and take into account the concerns of 
both the business areas, which are close to the reality of the different geographical areas, and the corporate areas and senior 
management.
Risks are identified and measured consistently using the methodologies deemed appropriate in each case. Their measurement 
includes the design and application of scenario analyses and stress testing and considers the controls to which the risks are 
subjected. 
As part of this process, a forward projection of the Risk Appetite Framework (hereinafter "RAF") variables in stress scenarios is 
conducted in order to identify possible deviations from the established thresholds. If any such deviations are detected, measures are 
taken to seek to keep the variables within the target risk profile. 
In this context, there are a number of emerging risks that could affect the evolution of the Group’s business, including the below: 
Macroeconomic and geopolitical risks
The Group is sensitive to the deterioration of economic conditions, the alteration of the institutional environment of the countries in 
which it operates, and the Group is exposed to sovereign debt especially in Spain, Mexico and Turkey.
The global economy is currently facing a number of extraordinary challenges. The war between Ukraine and Russia and the armed 
conflicts in the Middle East have caused significant disruptions, instability and volatility in global markets, particularly in energy 
markets. Uncertainty about the future development of these conflicts is high. The main risk is that they could generate new supply 
shocks, pushing growth downward and inflation upward, and paving the way for macroeconomic and financial instability episodes.
Geopolitical and economic risks have also increased in recent years as a result of trade tensions between the United States and China, 
Brexit, and the rise of populism, among other factors. Growing tensions and the rise of populism may lead, among other things, to a 
deglobalization of the world economy, an increase in protectionism, a general reduction of international trade and a reduction in the 
integration of financial markets.
The policies to be adopted by the new United States government, from January 20, 2025, are an additional source of uncertainty for 
the global economy. Some of the measures recently advocated by the incoming administration, such as the adoption of higher import 
tariffs and tighter immigration controls, may increase inflationary pressures and weaken economic growth. Fiscal, regulatory, 
industrial, foreign and other policies could also generate financial and macroeconomic volatility.
In the current context, one of the main risks is that inflation remains high, either due to new supply shocks, related for example to the 
previously mentioned geopolitical and political risks or climate events, or due to demand factors, caused by an excessively 
expansionary fiscal policy, the robustness of labor markets, or other factors. Significant inflationary pressures could lead to interest 
rates remaining higher than currently forecasted, which could negatively affect the macroeconomic environment and financial 
markets.
Another macroeconomic risk is the possibility of a sharp global growth slowdown. In a context marked by uncertainty and still 
elevated interest rates, labor markets and aggregate demand could weaken more significantly than expected. Moreover, despite 
increasing economic stimulus measures, growth in China could slow sharply, with a potentially negative impact on many geographical 
areas, due to tensions in real estate markets and economic sanctions imposed by the United States, among other factors.
Furthermore, there is a growing risk of tensions in sovereign debt markets, given the high levels of public debt in many developed and 
emerging countries, the relatively high interest rates, and expectations of slower economic growth.
The Group is exposed, among others, to the following general risks with respect to the economic and institutional environment in the 
countries in which it operates: a deterioration in economic activity in the countries in which it operates, including recession scenarios; 
more persistent inflationary pressures, which could trigger a more severe tightening of monetary conditions; stagflation due to more 
intense or prolonged supply shocks such as, for example, an increase in oil and gas prices to very high levels, which would have a 
negative impact on disposable income levels in areas that are net energy importers, such as Spain or Turkey, to which the Group is 
particularly exposed; changes in exchange rates; an unfavorable evolution of the real estate market; changes in the institutional 
environment of the countries in which the Group operates, which could give rise to sudden and sharp drops in GDP and/or changes in 
regulatory or government policy, including in terms of exchange controls and restrictions on the distribution of dividends or the 
imposition of new taxes or charges; growth in the public debt or in the external deficit could lead to a downward revision of the credit 
ratings of the sovereign debt and even a possible default or restructuring of such debt; the impact of the upcoming policies of the new 
U.S. administration, about which there is significant uncertainty; and episodes of volatility in the financial markets, which could cause 
significant losses for the Group. The Group’s results of operations have been particularly affected by the increases in interest rates 
adopted by central banks in an attempt to tame inflation, contributing to the rise in both interest revenue and interest expenses. The 
persistence of interest rates at relatively high levels or any increase in interest rates in the future could adversely affect the Group by 
reducing the demand for credit and leading to an increase in the default rate of its borrowers and other counterparties. Moreover, the 
Group’s results of operations have been affected by inflation in all countries in which BBVA operates, especially Turkey and Argentina.
Consolidated Management Report Risk management
426
This English version is a translation of the original in Spanish for information purposes only. In case of a discrepancy, the Spanish original will prevail.

In particular, in Spain, political, regulatory and economic uncertainty has also increased since the July 2023 general elections; there is 
a risk that policies could have an adverse impact on the economy or the Group. There is also a risk that the impact on financial 
conditions of political tensions in other European countries could to some extent affect Spain. In Mexico, there is high uncertainty on 
the impact of the recently approved constitutional reforms, as well as on the policies that will be adopted by the new local government 
and by the new U.S. administration (in particular, if protective measures become more aggressive and persist over time, which could 
adversely impact the Group's expectations regarding the country's economic growth). In Turkey, there are increasing signs of 
normalization in economic policy in general, and monetary policy in particular, since the general elections held in May 2023, which 
may lead to a gradual correction of the current distortions. Despite the gradual improvement of macroeconomic conditions, the 
situation remains relatively unstable, characterized by pressures on the Turkish lira, high inflation, a significant trade deficit, low 
central bank’s foreign reserves and high external financing costs. There is also uncertainty about the impact of the geopolitical 
context in the Middle East on Turkey. In particular, recent regime changes in Syria create opportunities, such as a potential increase in 
exports and lower migratory pressures, but also risks, which could cause greater volatility of Turkish financial assets, among other 
possible effects. Continuing unfavorable economic conditions in Turkey may result in a potential deterioration in the purchasing 
power and creditworthiness of the clients of the Group (both individuals and corporations). In addition, official interest rates, the 
regulatory and macroprudential policies affecting the banking sector and the currency depreciation have affected and may continue 
to affect the Group’s results. In Argentina, the risk of economic and financial turbulence persists in a context in which the government 
has substantially modified the economic policy framework and has focused its efforts on implementing strong fiscal and monetary 
adjustments to reduce inflation. Finally, in Colombia and Peru, climate factors, political tensions and greater social conflict could 
eventually have a negative impact on the economy.
Any of these factors may have a significant adverse impact on the Group’s business, financial condition and results of operations.
Regulatory and reputational risks
Financial institutions are exposed to a complex and ever-changing regulatory environment defined by governments and regulators. 
Regulatory activity in recent years has affected multiple areas, including changes in accounting standards; strict regulation of capital, 
liquidity and remuneration; bank charges and taxes on financial transactions; regulations affecting mortgages, banking products and 
consumers and users; recovery and resolution measures; stress tests; prevention of money laundering and terrorist financing; market 
abuse; conduct in the financial markets; anti-corruption; and requirements as to the periodic publication of information. 
Governments, regulatory authorities and other institutions continually make proposals to strengthen the resistance of financial 
institutions to future crises. Further, there is an increasing focus on the climate-related financial risk management capabilities of 
banks (see "Environmental, social and governance (“ESG”) risks may adversely impact the Group"). Any change in the Group’s 
business that is necessary to comply with any particular regulations at any given time, especially in Spain, Mexico or Turkey, could 
lead to a considerable loss of income, limit the Group’s ability to identify business opportunities, affect the valuation of its assets, 
force the Group to increase its prices and, therefore, reduce the demand for its products, impose additional costs on the Group or 
otherwise adversely affect its business, financial condition and results of operations. 
The financial sector is under ever closer scrutiny by regulators, governments and society itself. In the course of activities, situations 
which might cause relevant reputational damage to the Group could arise and might affect the regular course of business.
New business, operational and legal risks
New technologies and forms of customer relationships: Developments in the digital world and in information technologies pose 
significant challenges for financial institutions, entailing threats (new competitors, disintermediation, etc.) but also opportunities (new 
framework of relations with customers, greater ability to adapt to their needs, new products and distribution channels, etc.). Digital 
transformation is a priority for the Group as it aims to lead digital banking of the future as one of its objectives.
Technological risks and security breaches: The Group is exposed to new threats such as cyber-attacks, theft of internal and customer 
databases, fraud in payment systems, etc. that require major investments in security from both the technological and human point of 
view. The Group gives great importance to the active operational and technological risk management and control. Any attack, failure 
or deficiency in the Group’s systems could, among other things, lead to the misappropriation of funds of the Group’s clients or the 
Group itself and the unauthorized disclosure, destruction or use of confidential information, as well as prevent the normal operation of 
the Group and impair its ability to provide services and carry out its internal management. In addition, any attack, failure or deficiency 
could result in the loss of customers and business opportunities, damage to computers and systems, violation of regulations 
regarding data protection and/or other regulations, exposure to litigation, fines, sanctions or interventions, loss of confidence in the 
Group’ s security measures, damage to its reputation, reimbursements and compensation, and additional regulatory compliance 
expenses and could have a significant adverse impact on the Group’ s business, financial condition and results of operations. 
Legal risks: The financial sector faces an environment of increasing regulatory and litigious pressure, and thus, the various Group 
entities are frequently party to individual or collective judicial proceedings (including class actions) resulting from their activity and 
operations, as well as arbitration proceedings. The Group is also party to government procedures and investigations, such as those 
carried out by the antitrust authorities in certain countries which, among other things, have in the past and could in the future result in 
sanctions, as well as lead to claims by customers and others. In addition, the regulatory framework in the jurisdictions in which the 
Group operates is evolving towards a supervisory approach more focused on the opening of sanctioning proceedings while some 
regulators are focusing their attention on consumer protection and behavioral risk.
In Spain and in other jurisdictions where the Group operates, legal and regulatory actions and proceedings against financial 
institutions, prompted in part by certain judgments in favor of consumers handed down by national and supranational courts (with 
regards to matters such as credit cards and mortgage loans), have increased significantly in recent years and this trend could 
continue in the future. Legal and regulatory actions and proceedings faced by other financial institutions in relation to these and other 
matters, especially if such actions or proceedings result in favorable resolutions for the consumer, could also adversely affect the 
Group.
Consolidated Management Report Risk management
427
This English version is a translation of the original in Spanish for information purposes only. In case of a discrepancy, the Spanish original will prevail.

There are also claims before the Spanish courts challenging the validity of certain revolving credit card agreements. Rulings in these 
types of proceedings, whether against the Bank or other financial institutions, could negatively affect the Group.
Additionally, in relation to the ESG area, factors that may affect these new business, operational and legal risks have been identified 
(see "Environmental, social and governance ("ESG") risks may adversely affect the Group"). 
All of the above may result in a significant increase in operating and compliance costs or even a reduction of revenues, and it is 
possible that an adverse outcome in any proceedings (depending on the amount thereof, the penalties imposed or the procedural or 
management costs for the Group) could damage the Group's reputation, generate a knock-on effect or otherwise adversely affect the 
Group.
It is difficult to predict the outcome of legal and regulatory actions and proceedings, both those to which the Group is currently 
exposed and those that may arise in the future, including actions and proceedings relating to former Group subsidiaries or in respect 
of which the Group may have indemnification obligations. Any of such outcomes could be significantly adverse to the Group. In 
addition, a decision in any matter, whether against the Group or against another credit entity facing similar claims as those faced by 
the Group, could give rise to other claims against the Group. In addition, these actions and proceedings attract resources from the 
Group and may occupy a great deal of attention on part of the Group's management and employees.
As of December 31, 2024, the Group had €791 million in provisions for the proceedings it is facing (included in the line "Provisions for 
taxes and other legal contingencies" in the consolidated balance sheet) (see Note 24), of which €610 million correspond to legal 
contingencies and €181 million to tax related matters. However, the uncertainty arising from these proceedings (including those for 
which no provisions have been made, either because the probability of an unfavorable outcome for the Group is estimated to be 
remote, or because it is not possible to estimate them or for other reasons) makes it impossible to guarantee that the possible losses 
arising from the resolution of these proceedings will not exceed, where applicable, the amounts that the Group currently has 
provisioned and, therefore, could affect the Group's consolidated results in a given period.
As a result of the above, legal and regulatory actions and proceedings currently faced by the Group or to which it may become subject 
in the future or which may otherwise affect the Group, whether individually or in the aggregate, if resolved in whole or in part adversely 
to the Group's interests, could have a material adverse effect on the Group’s business, financial condition and results of operations.
Spanish judicial authorities are investigating the activities of Centro Exclusivo de Negocios y Transacciones, S.L. (“Cenyt”). Such 
investigation includes the provision of services by Cenyt to BBVA. On July 29, 2019, BBVA was named as an investigated party 
(investigado) in a criminal judicial investigation (Preliminary Proceeding No. 96/2017 – Piece No. 9, Central Investigating Court No. 6 
of the National High Court) for alleged facts which could constitute bribery, revelation of secrets and corruption. Certain current and 
former officers and employees of the Group, as well as former directors, have also been named as investigated parties in connection 
with this investigation. Since the beginning of the investigation, BBVA has been proactively collaborating with the Spanish judicial 
authorities, including sharing with the courts information obtained in the internal investigation hired by the entity in 2019 to contribute 
to the clarification of the facts.
By order of the Criminal Chamber of the National High Court, the pre-trial phase ended on January 29, 2024. On June 20, 2024, the 
Judge issued an order authorizing the continuation of abbreviated criminal proceedings against the Bank and certain current and 
former officers and employees of the Bank, as well as against some former directors, for alleged facts which could constitute bribery 
and revelation of secrets. It is not possible at this time to predict the possible outcomes or implications for the Group of this matter, 
including any fines, damages or harm to the Group’s reputation caused thereby.
Environmental, social and governance (ESG) risks may adversely 
impact the Group
ESG factors present risks associated with (i) climate change, including physical risks and transition risks (linked, among others, to 
changes in regulations, technologies, and market preferences associated with the transition to a less carbon-dependent economy); 
(ii) other environmental factors, such as biodiversity loss, water stress and other nature-related factors; (iii) social factors, such as 
human rights, inclusion, diversity and workplace safety; and (iv) corporate governance matters, such as the governance of 
environmental and social risks. 
ESG risks include short, medium and long-term risks that may adversely affect the Group and its customers or counterparties. Such 
risks are expected to increase and/or evolve over time.
Among others, they include the following: 
– Physical risks. The activities of the Group or those of its customers or counterparties could be adversely affected by the physical 
risks (including acute and chronic) arising from climate change or other environmental challenges. For example, extreme weather 
events may damage or destroy properties and other assets of the Group or those of its customers or counterparties, make the 
insurance against certain risks more expensive or unfeasible, result in increased costs, or otherwise disrupt their respective 
operations (for example, if supply chains are disrupted as a result), diminishing –in the case of the Group’s customers or 
counterparties - their repayment capacity and, if applicable, the value of assets granted as collateral to the Group. The Group is also 
exposed to potential long-term physical risks arising from climate change and other environmental challenges, such as any ensuing 
deterioration in economic conditions that results in credit-related costs, or potential impacts on the Group’s assets and operations. 
The Group could also be required to change its business models in response to the foregoing.
Consolidated Management Report Risk management
428
This English version is a translation of the original in Spanish for information purposes only. In case of a discrepancy, the Spanish original will prevail.

– Legal and regulatory risks. Legal and regulatory changes related to how banks are required to manage climate and other ESG risks 
or otherwise affecting banking practices or disclosure of information may result in higher compliance, operational and credit risks and 
costs. The Group’s customers and counterparties may be exposed to similar risks. Further, legal and regulatory changes may result in 
legal uncertainty and the existence of overlapping or conflicting regulatory or other requirements. They may also give rise to 
regulatory asymmetries whereby some persons, including the Group and its customers and counterparties, are more heavily 
regulated than others, placing such persons at a disadvantage. The Group or its customers or counterparties may be unable to meet 
any new requirements on a timely basis or at all, including new product and service specifications, governance frameworks and 
practices and disclosure requirements and standards. In addition, in the case of banks, new regulation could include requirements 
related to lending, investing, capital and liquidity adequacy and operational resilience. The incorporation of ESG risks in the existing 
prudential framework is still developing and may result in increased risk weighting of certain assets. Moreover, there are significant 
risks and uncertainties inherent in the development of adequate risk assessment and modelling capabilities with respect to ESG-
related matters and the collection of customer, third party and other data, which may result in the Group’s systems or frameworks (or 
those of its customers and counterparties, where applicable) being inadequate, inaccurate or susceptible to incorrect customer, third 
party or other data, any of which could adversely affect the Group’s disclosure and financial reporting. Further, increased regulation 
arising from climate change and other ESG-related challenges could result in increased litigation by different stakeholders (including 
non-governmental organizations (NGOs)) and regulatory investigations and actions.
– Technological risks. Certain of the Group’s customers and counterparties may be adversely affected by the progressive transition to 
a low-carbon economy and/or risks and costs associated with new low-carbon technologies. If the Group’s customers and 
counterparties fail to adapt to the transition to a low-carbon economy, or if the costs of doing so adversely affect their 
creditworthiness, this could adversely affect the Group’s relevant loan portfolios.
– Market risks. The Group and certain of the Group’s customers and counterparties may be adversely affected by changes in market 
preferences due to, among others, increased ESG awareness. Further, the funding costs of businesses that are perceived to be more 
exposed to climate change or to other ESG-related risks could increase. Any of this could result in the reduced creditworthiness of 
such customers and counterparties, adversely affecting the Group’s relevant loan portfolios. The Group and its customers and 
counterparties could also be adversely affected by changes in prices resulting from shifts in demand or supply brought by climate 
change or other ESG-related factors, including prices of energy and raw materials, or by their inability to foresee or hedge any such 
changes.
– Reputational risks. The perception of climate change and other ESG-related challenges as a risk by society, shareholders, 
customers, governments and other stakeholders (including NGOs) continues to increase, including in relation to the financial sector’s 
activities. This may result in increased scrutiny of the Group’s activities, as well as its ESG-related policies, goals, disclosures or 
communications. The Group’s reputation and ability to attract or retain customers may be harmed if its efforts to reduce ESG-related 
risks are deemed to be insufficient or if a perception is generated among the different stakeholders that the Group’s statements, 
actions or disclosure do not fairly reflect the underlying sustainability profile of the Group, its products, services, goals and/or 
policies. At the same time, the Group may refrain from undertaking lending or investing activities or other services that would 
otherwise have been profitable in order to fulfill its obligations or avoid reputational harm. Further, divergent views on ESG policies 
may also have a negative impact on the Group’s reputation. Increased scrutiny of the Group’s activities, as well as its ESG-related 
policies, goals and disclosure may result in litigation and investigations and supervisory actions (including potential greenwashing 
claims). The Group has disclosed certain aspirational ESG-related goals and such goals, which are being pursued over the long-term, 
may prove to be considerably more costly or difficult than currently expected, or even impossible, to achieve, including as a result of 
changes in regulation and policy, the pace of technological change and innovation and the actions of governments and the Group’s 
customers and competitors. Potential greenwashing claims arising from ESG-related statements, disclosure and/or actions of the 
Group may also give rise to reputational risks.
Any of these factors may have a material adverse effect on the Group’s business, financial condition and results of operations.
Consolidated Management Report Risk management
429
This English version is a translation of the original in Spanish for information purposes only. In case of a discrepancy, the Spanish original will prevail.

Alternative Performance Measures (APMs)
BBVA presents its results in accordance with the International Financial Reporting Standards (EU-IFRS). Additionally, the Group also 
considers that some Alternative Performance Measures (hereinafter APMs) provide useful additional financial information that should 
be taken into account when evaluating performance. They are considered complementary information and do not replace the 
financial information drafted according to the EU-IFRS. These APMs are also used when making financial, operational and planning 
decisions within the Entity. The Group firmly believes that they give a true and fair view of its financial information. These APMs are 
generally used in the financial sector as indicators for monitoring the assets, liabilities and economic and financial situation of entities.
BBVA Group's APMs are given below. They are presented in accordance with the European Securities and Markets Authority (ESMA) 
guidelines, published on October 5, 2015 (ESMA/2015/1415en). The guideline mentioned before is aimed at promoting the usefulness 
and transparency of APMs included in prospectuses or regulated information in order to protect investors in the European Union. In 
accordance with the indications given in the aforementioned guideline, BBVA Group's APMs:
–
Include clear and readable definitions of the APMs.
–
Disclose the reconciliations to the most directly reconcilable line item, subtotal or total presented in the financial 
statements of the corresponding period, separately identifying and explaining the material reconciling items.
–
Are standard measures generally used in the financial industry, so their use provides comparability in the analysis of 
performance between issuers.
–
Do not have greater preponderance than measures directly stemming from financial statements.
–
Are accompanied by comparatives for previous periods.
–
Are consistent over time.
Constant exchange rates
When comparing two dates or periods in this report, the impact of changes in the exchange rates against the euro of the currencies of 
the countries in which BBVA operates is sometimes excluded, assuming that exchange rates remain constant. This is done for the 
amounts in the income statement by using the average exchange rate against the euro in the most recent period for each currency119 
of the geographical areas in which the Group operates, and applying it to both periods; for amounts in the balance sheet and activity, 
the closing exchange rates in the most recent period are used.
Reconciliation of the Financial Statements of the BBVA Group
Below is the reconciliation between the profit and loss account of the Consolidated Financial Statements and the consolidated 
management income statement120 for the year 2022. The main difference between the two accounts in 2022 is the treatment of the 
impact of the purchase from Merlin of 100% of the shares of Tree, which in turn owns 662 offices in Spain. For management 
purposes, this impact is recorded in a single line, net of tax, in the income statement under the heading “Results from discontinued 
operations and Other”, as opposed to the treatment in the consolidated financial statements, which record the gross impact and its 
tax effect under the corresponding headings applicable to them. 
For the years 2023 and 2024 no reconciliation is presented as there are no differences between the Consolidated Financial 
Statements and the consolidated management income statement as there are no corporate transactions, non-recurring impacts or 
other types of adjustments for management purposes that determine an attributable result or a result for the year different from 
those disclosed in the condensed interim consolidated financial statements.
Consolidated Management Report Alternative Performance Measures (APMs)
430
This English version is a translation of the original in Spanish for information purposes only. In case of a discrepancy, the Spanish original will prevail.
119 With the exception of those countries whose economies have been considered hyperinflationary, for which the closing exchange rate of the most recent period will be used.
120 Income statement presented to senior management for performance monitoring and decision making.

CONCILIATION OF THE BBVA GROUP'S INCOME STATEMENTS (MILLIONS OF EUROS)
CONSOLIDATED INCOME STATEMENT 
ADJUSTMENTS
MANAGEMENT INCOME STATEMENT
2022
2022
NET INTEREST INCOME
19,124
—
19,124
Net interest income
Dividend income 
123
⁽¹⁾
Share of profit or loss of entities accounted for using the 
equity method 
21
⁽¹⁾
Fee and commission income 
8,260
8,260
Fees and commissions income
Fee and commission expense
(2,888)
(2,888)
Fees and commissions expenses
5,372
—
5,372
Net fees and commissions 
Gains (losses) on derecognition of financial assets and 
liabilities not measured at fair value through profit or loss, 
net
64
Gains (losses) on financial assets and liabilities held for 
trading, net
562
Gains (losses) on non-trading financial assets mandatorily at 
fair value through profit or loss, net
(67)
Gains (losses) on financial assets and liabilities designated at 
fair value through profit or loss, net
150
Gains (losses) from hedge accounting, net 
(45)
Exchange differences, net
1,275
1,938
—
1,938
Net trading income
Other operating income 
528
Other operating expense
(3,438)
Income from insurance and reinsurance contracts
2,622
Expense from insurance and reinsurance contracts
(1,547)
(1,691)
—
(1,691)
Other operating income and expenses
GROSS INCOME
24,743
—
24,743
Gross income
Administration costs
(9,373)
(10,701)
Operating expenses ⁽²⁾
     Personnel expense
(5,601)
—
(5,601)
Personnel expenses
     Other administrative expense
(3,773)
—
(3,773)
Other administrative expenses
Depreciation and amortization
(1,328)
—
(1,328)
Depreciation
14,042
—
14,042
Operating income 
Provisions or reversal of provisions
(291)
—
(291)
Provisions or reversal of provisions
Impairment or reversal of impairment on financial assets not 
measured at fair value through profit or loss or net gains by 
modification
(3,379)
—
(3,379)
Impairment on financial assets not measured at fair value 
through profit or loss
NET OPERATING INCOME
10,372
—
10,372
Impairment or reversal of impairment of investments in joint 
ventures and associates
42
Impairment or reversal of impairment on non-financial 
assets
(27)
Gains (losses) on derecognition of non - financial assets and 
subsidiaries, net
(11)
Negative goodwill recognized in profit or loss
—
Gains (losses) from non-current assets and disposal groups 
classified as held for sale not qualifying as discontinued 
operations    
(108)
(104)
134
30
Other gains (losses)
PROFIT (LOSS) BEFORE TAX FROM CONTINUING 
OPERATIONS
10,268
134
10,402
Profit (loss) before tax
Tax expense or income related to profit or loss from 
continuing operations
(3,505)
67
(3,438)
Income tax
PROFIT (LOSS) AFTER TAX FROM CONTINUING 
OPERATIONS
6,763
201
6,965
Profit (loss) for the period
Profit (loss) after tax from discontinued operations
—
—
PROFIT (LOSS) FOR THE PERIOD
6,763
201
6,965
Profit (loss) for the period
ATTRIBUTABLE TO MINORITY INTEREST (NON-
CONTROLLING INTERESTS)
(405)
—
(405)
Non-controlling interests
ATTRIBUTABLE TO OWNERS OF THE PARENT
6,358
201
6,559
Net attributable profit (loss) excluding non-recurring 
impacts
(201)
(201)
Discontinued operations and Others
ATTRIBUTABLE TO OWNERS OF THE PARENT
6,358
—
6,358
Net attributable profit (loss)
General note: 2022 figures have been revised according to IFRS 17 - Insurance contracts.
⁽¹⁾ Included within the Other operating income and expenses of the Management Income Statements.
⁽²⁾ Depreciations included.
Consolidated Management Report Alternative Performance Measures (APMs)
431
This English version is a translation of the original in Spanish for information purposes only. In case of a discrepancy, the Spanish original will prevail.

Adjusted profit (loss) for the period (excluding non-recurring impacts)
Explanation of the formula: the adjusted profit (loss) for the period is defined as the profit (loss) for the period from the Group’s 
consolidated income statement, excluding those non-recurring impacts that, for management purposes, are defined at any given 
moment. If the described metric is presented on a date prior to the end of the year, it will be presented on an annualized basis.
Relevance of its use: this measure is commonly used, not only in the banking sector, for homogeneous comparison purposes.
Adjusted profit (loss) for the period
Jan.-Dec.2024
Jan.-Dec.2023
Jan.-Dec.2022
(Millions of euros)
+
Profit (loss) after tax from continued operations
10,575
8,416
6,763
(Millions of euros)
-
Net impact arisen from the purchase of offices in 
Spain
—
—
(201)
=
Adjusted profit (loss) for the period
10,575
8,416
6,965
Adjusted net attributable profit (loss) (excluding non-recurring impacts)
Explanation of the formula: the adjusted net attributable profit (loss) is defined as the net attributable profit (loss) of the Group’s 
consolidated income statement excluding those non-recurring impacts that, for management purposes are defined at any given 
moment. If the described metric is presented on a date prior to the end of the year, it will be presented on an annualized basis.
Relevance of its use: this measure is commonly used, not only in the banking sector, for comparison purposes.
Adjusted net attributable profit (loss)
Jan.-Dec.2024
Jan.-Dec.2023
Jan.-Dec.2022
(Millions of euros)
+
Net attributable profit (loss) from continued 
operations
10,054
8,019
6,358
(Millions of euros)
-
Net impact arisen from the purchase of offices in 
Spain
—
—
(201)
=
Adjusted net attributable profit (loss)
10,054
8,019
6,559
ROE
The ROE (return on equity) ratio measures the accounting return obtained on an entity's shareholders' funds plus accumulated other 
comprehensive income. It is calculated as follows:
Net attributable profit (loss)
Average shareholders' funds + Average accumulated other comprehensive income
Explanation of the formula: the numerator is the net attributable profit (loss) of the Group's consolidated income statement. If the 
metric is presented on a date before the close of the fiscal year, the numerator will be annualized.
Average shareholders' funds are the weighted moving average of the shareholders' funds at the end of each month of the period 
analyzed, adjusted to take into account the execution of the "Dividend-option" at the closing dates on which it was agreed to deliver 
this type of dividend prior to the publication of the Group´s results.
Average accumulated other comprehensive income is the moving weighted average of "Accumulated other comprehensive income", 
which is part of the equity on the Entity's balance sheet and is calculated in the same way as average shareholders’ funds (above).
Relevance of its use: this ratio is very commonly used not only in the banking sector but also in other sectors to measure the return 
obtained on shareholders' funds.
ROE
Jan.-Dec.2024
Jan.-Dec.2023
Jan.-Dec.2022
Numerator 
(Millions of euros)
=
Net attributable profit (loss)
10,054
8,019
6,358
Denominator 
(Millions of euros)
+
Average shareholders' funds
69,703
65,907
61,517
+
Average accumulated other comprehensive income
(16,412)
(16,437)
(16,055)
=
ROE
 18.9 %
 16.2 %
 14.0 %
Consolidated Management Report Alternative Performance Measures (APMs)
432
This English version is a translation of the original in Spanish for information purposes only. In case of a discrepancy, the Spanish original will prevail.

Adjusted ROE
The adjusted ROE (return on equity) ratio measures the return obtained on an entity's shareholders' funds plus accumulated other 
comprehensive income. It is calculated as follows:
Adjusted net attributable profit (loss)
Average shareholders' funds + Average accumulated other comprehensive income
Explanation of the formula: the numerator is the adjusted net attributable profit (loss) previously defined in these alternative 
performance measures. If the metric is presented on a date before the close of the fiscal year, the numerator will be annualized. The 
denominator items "Average shareholders' funds" and "Average accumulated other comprehensive income" are the same and they 
are calculated in the same way as that explained for ROE.
Relevance of its use: this ratio is very commonly used not only in the banking sector but also in other sectors to measure the return 
obtained on shareholders' funds.
Adjusted ROE
Jan.-Dec.2024
Jan.-Dec.2023
Jan.-Dec.2022
Numerator 
(Millions of euros)
=
Adjusted net attributable profit (loss)
10,054
8,019
6,559
Denominator 
(Millions of euros)
+
Average shareholders' funds
69,703
65,907
61,517
+
Average accumulated other comprehensive income
(16,412)
(16,437)
(16,055)
=
Adjusted ROE
 18.9 %
 16.2 %
 14.4 %
ROTE
The ROTE (return on tangible equity) ratio measures the accounting return on an entity's shareholders' funds, plus accumulated other 
comprehensive income, and excluding intangible assets. It is calculated as follows:
Net attributable profit (loss)
Average shareholders' funds + Average accumulated other comprehensive income - Average intangible assets
Explanation of the formula: the numerator "Net attributable profit (loss)" and the items in the denominator "Average intangible 
assets" and "Average accumulated other comprehensive income" are the same items and are calculated in the same way as explained 
for ROE.
Average intangible assets are the intangible assets on the Group's consolidated balance sheet, including goodwill and other intangible 
assets. The average balance is calculated in the same way as explained for shareholders funds in ROE.
Relevance of its use: this metric is generally used not only in the banking sector but also in other sectors to measure the return 
obtained on shareholders' funds, not including intangible assets.
ROTE
Jan.-Dec.2024
Jan.-Dec.2023
Jan.-Dec.2022
Numerator 
(Millions of euros)
= Net attributable profit (loss)
10,054
8,019
6,358
Denominator 
(Millions of euros)
+ Average shareholders' funds
69,703
65,907
61,517
+ Average accumulated other comprehensive income
(16,412)
(16,437)
(16,055)
-
Average intangible assets
2,380
2,254
2,119
= ROTE
 19.7 %
 17.0 %
 14.7 %
Adjusted ROTE
The adjusted ROTE (return on tangible equity) ratio measures the return on an entity's shareholders' funds, plus accumulated other 
comprehensive income, and excluding intangible assets. It is calculated as follows:
Adjusted net attributable profit (loss)
Average shareholders' funds + Average accumulated other comprehensive income - Average intangible assets
Explanation of the formula: the numerator "Adjusted net attributable profit (loss)" is the same and is calculated in the same way as 
explained for adjusted ROE, and the items of the denominator "Average shareholders' funds" and "Average accumulated other 
comprehensive income" are the same and are calculated in the same way as explained for ROE.
Consolidated Management Report Alternative Performance Measures (APMs)
433
This English version is a translation of the original in Spanish for information purposes only. In case of a discrepancy, the Spanish original will prevail.

Average intangible assets are the intangible assets on the Group's consolidated balance sheet, which include goodwill and other 
intangible assets. The average balance is calculated in the same way as explained for shareholders' funds in the ROE.
Relevance of its use: this metric is generally used not only in the banking sector but also in other sectors to measure the return 
obtained on shareholders' funds, not including intangible assets.
Adjusted ROTE
Jan.-Dec.2024
Jan.-Dec.2023
Jan.-Dec.2022
Numerator 
(Millions of euros)
= Adjusted net attributable profit (loss)
10,054
8,019
6,559
Denominator 
(Millions of euros)
+ Average shareholders' funds
69,703
65,907
61,517
+ Average accumulated other comprehensive income
(16,412)
(16,437)
(16,055)
-
Average intangible assets
2,380
2,254
2,119
= Adjusted ROTE
 19.7 %
 17.0 %
 15.1 %
RORC for AVR
The RORC (return on regulatory capital) measures the return on regulatory capital necessary to meet the CET1 fully loaded target 
ratio121. It is calculated as follows:
Net attributable profit (loss) excluding corporate transactions
Average regulatory capital of the Group
Explanation of the formula: The numerator is the net attributable profit (loss) for AVR, described above. The denominator is the 
average regulatory capital of the Group, defined as the Risk Weighted Assets multiplied by the CET1 fully loaded target ratio plus 
regulatory deductions plus the perimeter differences between regulatory and accounting own funds less Solvency minority interests. 
If the described metric is presented on a date prior to the end of the year, the numerator will be presented on an annualized basis.
Relevance of its use: This metric is commonly used in the banking sector. In addition, it is one of the metrics used for the purposes of 
the Group’s AVR (Annual Variable Remuneration).
RORC for AVR
Jan.-Dec.2024
Jan.-Dec.2023
Numerator (Millions 
of euros)
=
Net attributable profit (loss) 
10,054
8,019
Denominator 
(Millions of euros)
=
Average regulatory capital of the Group
47,919
44,412
=
RORC for AVR
 20.98 %
 18.06 %
ROA
The ROA (return on assets) ratio measures the accounting return obtained on an entity's assets. It is calculated as follows:
Profit (loss) for the period
Average total assets
Explanation of the formula: the numerator is the profit (loss) for the period of the Group's consolidated income statement. If the 
metric is presented on a date before the close of the fiscal year, the numerator must be annualized.
Average total assets are taken from the Group’s consolidated balance sheet. The average balance is calculated as explained for 
average shareholders' funds in the ROE.
Relevance of its use: this ratio is generally used not only in the banking sector but also in other sectors to measure the return obtained 
on assets.
Consolidated Management Report Alternative Performance Measures (APMs)
434
This English version is a translation of the original in Spanish for information purposes only. In case of a discrepancy, the Spanish original will prevail.
121 For the years 2023 and 2024, the target fully loaded CET1 ratio considered for the purposes of this metric has been placed at 12%, at the top of the Group's established target 
management range of 11.5-12.0% of CET1.

ROA
Jan.-Dec.2024 
Jan.-Dec.2023 
Jan.-Dec.2022
Numerator 
(Millions of euros)
Profit (loss) for the period
10,575
8,416
6,763
Denominator 
(Millions of euros)
Average total assets
777,997
748,459
701,093
= ROA
 1.36 %
 1.12 %
 0.96 %
Adjusted ROA
The adjusted ROA (return on assets) ratio measures the return obtained on an entity's assets. It is calculated as follows:
Adjusted profit (loss) for the period
Average total assets
Explanation of the formula: the numerator is the adjusted profit (loss) for the period previously defined in these alternative 
performance measures. If the metric is presented on a date before the close of the fiscal year, the numerator will be annualized.
Average total assets are taken from the Group's consolidated balance sheet. The average balance is calculated in the same way as 
explained for average equity in the ROE.
Relevance of its use: this ratio is generally used not only in the banking sector but also in other sectors to measure the return obtained 
on assets.
Adjusted ROA
Jan.-Dec.2024
Jan.-Dec.2023
Jan.-Dec.2022
Numerator 
(Millions of euros)
Adjusted profit (loss) for the period
10,575
8,416
6,965
Denominator 
(Millions of euros)
Average total assets
777,997
748,459
701,093
= Adjusted ROA
 1.36 %
 1.12 %
 0.99 %
RORWA
The RORWA (return on risk-weighted assets) ratio measures the accounting return obtained on average risk-weighted assets. It is 
calculated as follows:
Profit (loss) for the period
Average risk-weighted assets
Explanation of the formula: the numerator "Profit (loss) for the period" is the same and is calculated in the same way as explained for 
ROA.
Average risk-weighted assets (RWA) are the moving weighted average of the RWA at the end of each month of the period under 
analysis.
Relevance of its use: this ratio is generally used in the banking sector to measure the return obtained on RWA.
RORWA
Jan.-Dec.2024
Jan.-Dec.2023
Jan.-Dec.2022
Numerator 
(Millions of euros)
Profit (loss) for the period
10,575
8,416
6,763
Denominator 
(Millions of euros)
Average RWA
382,487
353,139
327,998
= RORWA
 2.76 %
 2.38 %
 2.06 %
Consolidated Management Report Alternative Performance Measures (APMs)
435
This English version is a translation of the original in Spanish for information purposes only. In case of a discrepancy, the Spanish original will prevail.

Adjusted RORWA
The adjusted RORWA (return on risk-weighted assets) ratio measures the return obtained on an entity's assets. It is calculated as 
follows:
Adjusted profit (loss) for the period
Average risk-weighted assets
Explanation of the formula: the numerator "Adjusted profit (loss) for the period" is the same and is calculated in the same way as 
explained for adjusted ROA.
Average risk-weighted assets (RWA) are the moving weighted average of the risk-weighted assets at the end of each month of the 
period under analysis.
Relevance of its use: this ratio is generally used not only in the banking sector but also in other sectors to measure the return obtained 
on assets.
Adjusted RORWA
Jan.-Dec.2024
Jan.-Dec.2023
Jan.-Dec.2022
Numerator 
(Millions of euros)
Adjusted profit (loss) for the period
10,575
8,416
6,965
Denominator 
(Millions of euros)
Average RWA
382,487
353,139
327,998
= Adjusted RORWA
 2.76 %
 2.38 %
 2.12 %
Earning (loss) per share
The earning (loss) per share is calculated in accordance to the criteria established in the IAS 33 “Earnings per share”.
Earning (loss) per share
Jan.-Dec.2024
Jan.-Dec.2023
Jan.-Dec.2022
(Millions of euros)
+
Net attributable profit (loss)
10,054
8,019
6,358
(Millions of euros)
-
Remuneration related to the Additional Tier 1 
securities (CoCos)
388
345
313
Numerator       
(millions of euros)
=
Net attributable profit (loss) ex.CoCos 
remuneration
9,666
7,675
6,045
Denominator  
(millions)
+
Average number of shares outstanding
5,793
5,988
6,424
-
Average treasury shares of the period
10
5
9
-
Share buyback program (average) ⁽¹⁾
13
28
225
=
Earning (loss) per share (euros)
1.68
1.29
0.98
⁽¹⁾ In 2024 the average number of shares is included taking into account the redemption made corresponding to the program executed in that year. In 2023 the average number 
of shares in included taking into account the two redemptions made corresponding to the programs executed in that year. In 2022 the average number of shares is included, 
taking into account the two redemptions made corresponding to the program announced in 2021.
Additionally, for management purposes, the adjusted earning (loss) per share is presented. 
Adjusted earning (loss) per share
Jan.-Dec.2024
Jan.-Dec.2023
Jan.-Dec.2022
(Millions of euros)
+ Net attributable profit (loss) ex. CoCos remuneration
9,666
7,675
6,045
-
Net impact arisen from the purchase of offices in Spain
—
—
(201)
(Millions of euros) 
Numerator
(millions of euros)
= Net Attributable profit (loss) ex.CoCos coupon payments
9,666
7,675
6,246
Denominator  
(millions)
+ Number of shares outstanding 
5,763
5,838
6,030
-
Average treasury shares of the period
10
5
9
= Adjusted earning (loss) per share (euros)
1.68
1.32
1.04
Consolidated Management Report Alternative Performance Measures (APMs)
436
This English version is a translation of the original in Spanish for information purposes only. In case of a discrepancy, the Spanish original will prevail.

Efficiency ratio
This measures the percentage of gross income consumed by an entity's operating expenses. It is calculated as follows:
Operating expenses
Gross income
Explanation of the formula: both "Operating expenses" and "Gross income" are taken from the Group’s consolidated income 
statement. Operating expenses are the sum of the administration costs (personnel expenses plus other administrative expenses) plus 
depreciation. Gross income is the sum of net interest income, net fees and commissions, net trading income dividend income, share 
of profit or loss of entities accounted for using the equity method, other operating income and expenses, and income from assets and 
expenses from liabilities under insurance and reinsurance contracts. For a more detailed calculation of this ratio, the graphs on 
"Results" section of this report should be consulted, one of them with calculations with figures at current exchange rates and another 
with the data at constant exchange rates.
Relevance of its use: this ratio is generally used in the banking sector. In addition, it is a relevant metric for one of the six Strategic 
Priorities of the Group.
Efficiency ratio
Jan.-Dec.2024
Jan.-Dec.2023
Jan.-Dec.2022
Numerator 
(Millions of euros)
+
Operating expenses
14,193
12,308
10,701
Denominator 
(Millions of euros)
+
Gross income
35,481
29,542
24,743
=
Efficiency ratio
 40.0 %
 41.7 %
 43.2 %
Book value per share
The book value per share determines the value of a company on its books for each share held. It is calculated as follows: 
Shareholders' funds + Accumulated other comprehensive income
Number of shares outstanding - Treasury shares
Explanation of the formula: the figures for both "Shareholders' funds" and "Accumulated other comprehensive income" are taken 
from the balance sheet. Shareholders' funds are adjusted to take into account the execution of the "Dividend-option" at the closing 
dates on which it was agreed to deliver this type of dividend prior to the publication of the Group´s results. The denominator includes 
the final number of outstanding shares excluding own shares (treasury shares) and excluding the shares corresponding to share 
buyback programs. In addition, the denominator is also adjusted to include the capital increase resulting from the execution of the 
dividend options explained above. Both the numerator and the denominator take into account period-end balances.
Relevance of its use: it shows the company's book value for each share issued. It is a generally used ratio, not only in the banking 
sector but also in others.
Book value per share 
31-12-24
31-12-23
31-12-22
Numerator (Millions of 
euros)
+ Shareholders' funds
72,875
67,955
64,535
+ Accumulated other comprehensive income
(17,220)
(16,254)
(17,642)
Denominator          
(Millions of shares)
+ Number of shares outstanding
5,763
5,838
6,030
-
Treasury shares 
7
4
5
= Book value per share            
(euros / share)
9.67
8.86
7.78
Consolidated Management Report Alternative Performance Measures (APMs)
437
This English version is a translation of the original in Spanish for information purposes only. In case of a discrepancy, the Spanish original will prevail.

Tangible book value per share
The tangible book value per share determines the value of the company on its books for each share held by shareholders in the event 
of liquidation. It is calculated as follows:
Shareholders' funds + Accumulated other comprehensive income - Intangible assets
Number of shares outstanding - Treasury shares
Explanation of the formula: the figures for "Shareholders' funds", "Accumulated other comprehensive income" and "Intangible assets" 
are all taken from the balance sheet. Shareholders' funds are adjusted to take into account the execution of the "Dividend-option" at 
the closing dates on which it was agreed to deliver this type of dividend prior to the publication of the Group´s results. The 
denominator includes the final number of shares outstanding excluding own shares (treasury shares) and excluding the shares 
corresponding to share buyback programs which are deducted from the shareholders' funds. In addition, the denominator is also 
adjusted to include the result of the capital increase resulting from the execution of the dividend options explained above. Both the 
numerator and the denominator take into account period-end balances.
Relevance of its use: it shows the company's book value for each share issued, after deducting intangible assets. It is a generally used 
ratio, not only in the banking sector but also in others.
Tangible book value per share
31-12-24
31-12-23
31-12-22
Numerator (Millions 
of euros)
+ Shareholders' funds
72,875
67,955
64,535
+ Accumulated other comprehensive income
(17,220)
(16,254)
(17,642)
-
Intangible assets
2,490
2,363
2,156
Denominator 
(Millions of shares)
+ Number of shares outstanding
5,763
5,838
6,030
-
Treasury shares
7
4
5
= Tangible book value per share 
(euros / share)
9.24
8.46
7.43
Non-performing loan (NPL) ratio
It is the ratio between the risks classified for accounting purposes as non-performing loans and the total credit risk balance. It is 
calculated as follows:
Non-performing loans
Total credit risk
Explanation of the formula: non-performing loans and the credit risk balance are gross, meaning they are not adjusted by associated 
accounting provisions.
Non-performing loans are calculated as the sum of “loans and advances at amortized cost” and the “contingent risk” in stage 3122 and 
the following counterparties:
•
other financial entities
•
public sector
•
non-financial institutions
•
households.
The credit risk balance is calculated as the sum of "loans and advances at amortized cost" and "contingent risk" in stage 1 + stage 2 + 
stage 3 of the previous counterparts.
This indicator is shown, as others, at a business area level.
Relevance of its use: this is one of the main indicators used in the banking sector to monitor the current situation and changes in 
credit risk quality, and specifically, the relationship between risks classified in the accounts as non-performing loans and the total 
balance of credit risk, with respect to customers and contingent liabilities.
Non-Performing Loans (NPLs) ratio
31-12-24
31-12-23
31-12-22
Numerator (Millions of euros)
NPLs
14,839
15,305
14,463
Denominator (Millions of euros)
Credit Risk
488,302
448,840
423,669
= Non-Performing Loans (NPLs) ratio
 3.0 %
 3.4 %
 3.4 %
General note: credit risk figures for 2022 periods have been restated according to IFRS 17 - Insurance contracts.
Consolidated Management Report Alternative Performance Measures (APMs)
438
This English version is a translation of the original in Spanish for information purposes only. In case of a discrepancy, the Spanish original will prevail.
122 IFRS 9 classifies financial instruments into three stages, which depend on the evolution of their credit risk from the moment of initial recognition. The stage 1 includes 
operations when they are initially recognized, stage 2 comprises operations for which a significant increase in credit risk has been identified since their initial recognition and, 
stage 3, impaired operations.

NPL coverage ratio
This ratio reflects the degree to which the impairment of non-performing loans has been covered in the accounts via allowances. It is 
calculated as follows:
Provisions
Non-performing loans
Explanation of the formula: it is calculated as "Provisions" from stage 1 + stage 2 + stage 3, divided by non-performing loans, formed 
by “credit risk” from stage 3.
This indicator is shown, as others, at a business area level.
Relevance of its use: this is one of the main indicators used in the banking sector to monitor the situation and changes in the quality of 
credit risk, reflecting the degree to which the impairment of non-performing loans has been covered in the accounts via value 
adjustments.
NPL coverage ratio
31-12-24
31-12-23
31-12-22
Numerator (Millions of euros)
Provisions
11,905
11,762
11,764
Denominator (Millions of euros)
NPLs
14,839
15,305
14,463
= NPL coverage ratio
 80 %
 77 %
 81 %
Cost of risk
This ratio indicates the current situation and changes in credit-risk quality through the annual cost in terms of impairment losses 
(accounting loan-loss provisions) of each unit of loans and advances to customers (gross). It is calculated as follows:
Loan-loss provisions
Average loans and advances to customers (gross)
Explanation of the formula: "Loans to customers (gross)" refers to the "Loans and advances at amortized cost" portfolios with the 
following counterparts:
•
other financial entities
•
public sector
•
non-financial institutions
•
households, excluding central banks and other credit institutions.
Average loans to customers (gross) is calculated by using the average of the period-end balances of each month of the period 
analyzed plus the previous month. If the metric is presented on a date before the close of the fiscal year, the numerator will be 
annualized. By doing this, "Annualized loan-loss provisions" are calculated by accumulating and annualizing the loan-loss provisions 
of each month of the period under analysis (based on days passed).
Loan-loss provisions refer to the aforementioned loans and advances at amortized cost portfolios.
This indicator is shown, as others, at a business area level.
Relevance of its use: this is one of the main indicators used in the banking sector to monitor the situation and changes in the quality of 
credit risk through the cost over the year.
Cost of risk
Jan.-Dec.2024
Jan.-Dec.2023
Jan.-Dec.2022
Numerator (Millions of euros)
 Loan-loss provisions
5,708
4,345
3,252
Denominator (Millions of euros)
Average loans to customers (gross)
400,008
378,402
356,064
= Cost of risk
 1.43 %
 1.15 %
 0.91 %
General note: average loans to customers (gross) figures for 2022 periods have been restated according to IFRS 17 - Insurance contracts.
Consolidated Management Report Alternative Performance Measures (APMs)
439
This English version is a translation of the original in Spanish for information purposes only. In case of a discrepancy, the Spanish original will prevail.

Subsequent events
On January 14, 2025, BBVA carried out an issuance of perpetual contingent convertible securities with exclusion of shareholders' pre-
emptive subscription rights, for a total nominal amount of USD 1 billion. This issuance is listed on the New York Stock Exchange and 
was targeted only at qualified investors, not being offered or sold to any retail clients. Likewise, on January 28, 2025, the Bank 
announced its irrevocable decision to redeem in whole on March 5, 2025, the issuance of contingently convertible preferred securities 
(which qualified as additional tier 1 instruments) carried out by the Bank on September 5, 2019, for an amount of USD 1 billion on the 
First Reset Date and once the prior consent from the Regulator was obtained.
On January 30, 2025, it was announced that a cash distribution in the amount of €0.41 gross per share to be paid presumably in April 
2025 as the final dividend for the year 2024, and the execution of a share buyback program of BBVA for an amount of €993 million 
were planned to be proposed to the corresponding corporate bodies for consideration as ordinary remuneration to shareholders for 
2024, subject to obtaining the corresponding regulatory authorizations and approval by the Board of Directors of the specific terms 
and conditions of the program, which will be communicated to the market prior to the start of its execution.
From January 1, 2025 to the date of preparation of these Consolidated Financial Statements, no other subsequent events not 
mentioned above in these financial statements have taken place that could significantly affect the Group’s earnings or its equity 
position.
Consolidated Management Report Subsequent events
440
This English version is a translation of the original in Spanish for information purposes only. In case of a discrepancy, the Spanish original will prevail.

BBVA Annual Corporate Governance Report
In accordance with the provisions established by Article 540 of the Spanish Corporate Act, the Board of Directors of BBVA, on the 
occasion of the preparation of the financial statements for 2024, approved the BBVA Annual Corporate Governance Report for that 
year (which is an integral part of the Management Report) in accordance with the contents set down in Order ECC/461/2013, dated 
March 20, and in Circular 5/2013, dated June 12, of Comisión Nacional del Mercado de Valores (CNMV), in the wording provided by 
Circular 3/2021, dated September 28, of CNMV. The Annual Corporate Governance Report is incorporated by reference in the 
Management Report and is published in CNMV´s website (www.cnmv.es) and in the Company´s corporate website (www.bbva.com). 
Consolidated Management Report BBVA Annual Corporate Governance Report
441
This English version is a translation of the original in Spanish for information purposes only. In case of a discrepancy, the Spanish original will prevail.

Annual Report on the Remuneration of BBVA 
Directors
In accordance with the provisions established by Article 541 of the Spanish Corporate Act, the Board of Directors of BBVA, on the 
proposal of the Remuneration Committee, and on the occasion of the preparation of the financial statements for 2024, approved the 
Annual Report on the Remuneration of BBVA Directors for that year (which is an integral part of the Management Report) in 
accordance with the contents set down in Order ECC/461/2013, dated March 20, and in Circular 4/2013, dated June 12, of Comisión 
Nacional del Mercado de Valores (CNMV), in the wording provided by Circular 3/2021, dated September 28, of CNMV. The Annual 
Report on the Remuneration of BBVA Directors is incorporated by reference in the Management Report and is published in CNMV´s 
website (www.cnmv.com) and in the Company's corporate website (www.bbva.com). 
Consolidated Management Report Annual Report on the Remuneration of BBVA Directors
442
This English version is a translation of the original in Spanish for information purposes only. In case of a discrepancy, the Spanish original will prevail.

Legal disclaimer
This document is provided for informative purposes only and is not intended to provide financial advice and, therefore, does not 
constitute, nor should it be interpreted as, an offer to sell, exchange or acquire, or an invitation for offers to acquire securities issued 
by any of the aforementioned companies, or to contract any financial product. Any decision to purchase or invest in securities or 
contract any financial product must be made solely and exclusively on the basis of the information made available to such effects by 
the relevant company in relation to each such specific matter. The information contained in this document is subject to and should be 
read in conjunction with all other publicly available information of the issuer.
This document contains forward-looking statements that constitute or may constitute “forward-looking statements” (within the 
meaning of the “safe harbor” provisions of the United States Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995) with respect to 
intentions, objectives, expectations or estimates as of the date hereof, including those relating to future targets of both a financial and 
non-financial nature (such as environmental, social or governance (“ESG”) performance targets).
Forward-looking statements may be identified by the fact that they do not refer to historical or current facts and include words such 
as “believe”, “expect”, “estimate”, “project”, “anticipate”, “duty”, “intend”, “likelihood”, “risk”, “VaR”, “purpose”, “commitment”, 
“goal”, “target” and similar expressions or variations of those expressions. They include, for example, statements regarding future 
growth rates or the achievement of future targets, including those relating to ESG performance.
The information contained in this document reflects our current expectations, estimates and targets, which are based on various 
assumptions, judgments and projections, including non-financial considerations such as those related to sustainability, which may 
differ from and not be comparable to those used by other companies. Forward-looking statements are not guarantees of future 
results, and actual results may differ materially from those anticipated in the forward-looking statements as a result of certain risks, 
uncertainties and other factors. These factors include, but are not limited to, (1) market conditions, macroeconomic factors, domestic 
and international stock market conditions, exchange rates, inflation and interest rates; (2) regulatory, oversight, political, 
governmental, social and demographic factors; (3) changes in the financial condition, creditworthiness or solvency of our clients, 
debtors or counterparties, such as changes in default rates, as well as changes in consumer spending, savings and investment 
behavior, and changes in our credit ratings; (4) competitive pressures and actions we take in response thereto; (5) performance of 
our IT, operations and control systems and our ability to adapt to technological changes; (6) climate change and the occurrence of 
natural or man-made disasters, such as an outbreak or escalation of hostilities; (7) our ability to appropriately address any ESG 
expectations or obligations (related to our business, management, corporate governance, disclosure or otherwise), and the cost 
thereof; and (8) our ability to successfully complete and integrate acquisitions. In the particular case of certain targets related to our 
ESG performance, such as, decarbonization targets or alignment of our portfolios, the achievement and progress towards such 
targets will depend to a large extent on the actions of third parties, such as clients, governments and other stakeholders, and may 
therefore be materially affected by such actions, or lack thereof, as well as by other exogenous factors that do not depend on BBVA 
(including, but not limited to, new technological developments, regulatory developments, military conflicts, the evolution of climate 
and energy crises, etc.). Therefore, these targets may be subject to future revisions.
The factors mentioned in the preceding paragraphs could cause actual future results to differ substantially from those set forth in the 
forecasts, intentions, objectives, targets or other forward-looking statements included in this document or in other past or future 
documents. Accordingly, results, including those related to ESG performance targets, among others, may differ materially from the 
statements contained in the forward-looking statements.
Recipients of this document are cautioned not to place undue reliance on such forward-looking statements. 
Past performance or growth rates are not indicative of future performance, results or share price (including earnings per share). 
Nothing in this document should be construed as a forecast of results or future earnings. 
This document contains, in addition to financial information, non-financial information ("NFI") in order to comply with the current 
legislation. The INF has been verified with a limited scope by a third party. In its preparation, a number of estimates and assumptions 
have been made in various areas and have used measurement, data collection and verification practices and methodologies, both 
external and internal, which are substantially different from those applied to financial reporting and which, in many cases, are under 
development.
BBVA does not intend, and undertakes no obligation, to update or revise the contents of this or any other document if there are any 
changes in the information contained therein, or including the forward-looking statements contained in any such document, as a 
result of events or circumstances after the date of such document or otherwise except as required by applicable law.
Consolidated Management Report Statement of responsibility
443
This English version is a translation of the original in Spanish for information purposes only. In case of a discrepancy, the Spanish original will prevail.

III. 
Consolidated 
Financial 
Statements and 
Audit Report
BBVA GROUP ANNUAL REPORT  2024

Index
CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
Consolidated balance sheets
4
Consolidated income statements
7
Consolidated statements of recognized income and expense
8
Consolidated statements of changes in equity
10
Consolidated statements of cash flows
13
NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 
1. Introduction, basis for the presentation of the Consolidated Financial Statements, Internal Control over
Financial Reporting and other information 
14
2. Principles of consolidation, accounting policies and measurement bases applied and recent IFRS 
pronouncements
16
3. BBVA Group
43
4. Shareholder remuneration system
45
5. Earnings per share
49
6. Operating segment reporting
49
7. Risk management
51
8. Fair value of financial instruments
99
9. Cash, cash balances at central banks and other demand deposits
113
10. Financial assets and liabilities held for trading
114
11. Non-trading financial assets mandatorily at fair value through profit or loss
115
12. Financial assets and liabilities designated at fair value through profit or loss
116
13. Financial assets at fair value through other comprehensive income
116
14. Financial assets at amortized cost
119
15. Derivatives - Hedge accounting and fair value changes of the hedged items in portfolio hedges of
interest rate risk
122
16. Investments in joint ventures and associates 
125
17. Tangible assets
127
18. Intangible assets
131
19. Tax assets and liabilities
133
20. Other assets and liabilities 
138
21. Non-current assets and disposal groups classified as held for sale and liabilities included in disposal 
groups classified as held for sale
138
22. Financial liabilities at amortized cost
140
23. Assets and liabilities under insurance and reinsurance contracts
145
24. Provisions
149
25. Post-employment and other employee benefit commitments
150
26. Common stock
158
27. Share premium
160
28. Retained earnings and other reserves 
160
29. Treasury shares
162
30. Accumulated other comprehensive income (loss)
163
1
Translation of the Consolidated Financial Statements originally issued in Spanish and prepared in accordance with EU-
IFRS, as adopted by the European Union (see Notes 1 to 56). In the event of a discrepancy, the Spanish-language 
version prevails

31. Minority interests (non-controlling interests)
163
32. Capital base and capital management
164
33. Commitments and guarantees given
169
34. Other contingent assets and liabilities
169
35. Purchase and sale commitments and future payment obligations
169
36. Transactions on behalf of third parties
170
37. Net interest income
170
38. Dividend income
171
39. Share of profit or loss of entities accounted for using the equity method
171
40. Fee and commission income and expense
171
41. Gains (losses) on financial assets and liabilities, hedge accounting and exchange differences, net
172
42. Other operating income and expense 
173
43. Income and expense from insurance and reinsurance contracts
174
44. Administration costs
174
45. Depreciation and amortization 
177
46. Provisions or reversal of provisions
177
47. Impairment or reversal of impairment on financial assets not measured at fair value through profit or 
loss or net gains by modification
177
48. Impairment or reversal of impairment of investments in joint ventures and associates
178
49. Impairment or reversal of impairment on non-financial assets 
178
50. Gains (losses) from non-current assets and disposal groups classified as held for sale not qualifying 
as discontinued operations
178
51. Consolidated statements of cash flows 
178
52. Accountant fees and services
179
53. Related-party transactions
179
54. Remuneration and other benefits for the Board of Directors and members of the Bank's Senior 
Management 
181
55. Other information
188
56. Subsequent events
191
57. Explanation added for translation into English
191
 
2
Translation of the Consolidated Financial Statements originally issued in Spanish and prepared in accordance with EU-
IFRS, as adopted by the European Union (see Notes 1 to 56). In the event of a discrepancy, the Spanish-language 
version prevails

APPENDICES
APPENDIX I. Additional information on subsidiaries and structured entities composing the BBVA Group 
as of December 31, 2024
193
APPENDIX II. Additional information on investments joint ventures and associates in the BBVA Group as 
of December 31, 2024
198
APPENDIX III. Changes and notifications of participations in the BBVA Group in 2024
199
APPENDIX IV. Fully consolidated subsidiaries with more than 10% owned by non-Group shareholders as 
of December 31, 2024
201
APPENDIX V. BBVA Group’s securitization funds. Structured entities in 2024.
202
APPENDIX VI. Details of the outstanding subordinated debt and preferred securities issued by the Bank 
or entities in the Group consolidated as of December 31, 2024, 2023 and 2022
203
APPENDIX VII Consolidated balance sheets held in foreign currency as of December 31, 2024, 2023 and 
2022
206
APPENDIX VIII. Consolidated income statements for the first and second half of 2024 and 2023
207
APPENDIX IX. Financial Statements of Banco Bilbao Vizcaya Argentaria, S.A.
209
APPENDIX X. Quantitative information on refinancing and restructuring operations and other 
requirements under Bank of Spain Circular 6/2012
217
APPENDIX XI. Additional information on risk concentration
224
APPENDIX XII Information in accordance with article 89 of Directive 2013/36/EU of the European 
Parliament and its application to Spanish Law through Law 10/2014
232
GLOSSARY
LEGAL DISCLAIMER
3
Translation of the Consolidated Financial Statements originally issued in Spanish and prepared in accordance with EU-
IFRS, as adopted by the European Union (see Notes 1 to 56). In the event of a discrepancy, the Spanish-language 
version prevails

Consolidated balance sheets as of December 31, 2024, 2023 and 2022
ASSETS (Millions of Euros)
Notes
2024
2023 ⁽¹⁾
2022 ⁽¹⁾
CASH, CASH BALANCES AT CENTRAL BANKS AND OTHER DEMAND 
DEPOSITS
9
51,145
75,416
79,756
FINANCIAL ASSETS HELD FOR TRADING
10
108,948
141,042
110,671
Derivatives
36,003
34,293
39,908
Equity instruments
6,760
4,589
4,404
Debt securities
27,955
28,569
24,367
Loans and advances to central banks
556
2,809
1,632
Loans and advances to credit institutions
20,938
56,599
25,231
Loans and advances to customers
16,736
14,182
15,130
NON-TRADING FINANCIAL ASSETS MANDATORILY AT FAIR VALUE THROUGH 
PROFIT OR LOSS
11
10,546
8,737
6,888
Equity instruments
9,782
7,963
6,511
Debt securities
407
484
129
Loans and advances
358
290
247
FINANCIAL ASSETS DESIGNATED AT FAIR VALUE THROUGH PROFIT OR LOSS
12
836
955
913
Debt securities
836
955
913
FINANCIAL ASSETS AT FAIR VALUE THROUGH OTHER COMPREHENSIVE 
INCOME
13
59,002
62,205
65,374
Equity instruments
1,451
1,217
1,198
Debt securities
57,526
60,963
64,150
Loans and advances to credit institutions
25
26
26
FINANCIAL ASSETS AT AMORTIZED COST
14
502,400
451,732
414,421
Debt securities
59,014
49,462
36,639
Loans and advances to central banks
8,255
7,151
4,401
Loans and advances to credit institutions
22,655
17,477
16,031
Loans and advances to customers
412,477
377,643
357,351
DERIVATIVES - HEDGE ACCOUNTING
15
1,158
1,482
1,891
FAIR VALUE CHANGES OF THE HEDGED ITEMS IN PORTFOLIO HEDGES OF 
INTEREST RATE RISK
15
(65)
(97)
(148)
JOINT VENTURES AND ASSOCIATES
16
989
976
916
Joint ventures
94
93
100
Associates
895
883
816
INSURANCE AND REINSURANCE ASSETS
23
191
211
183
TANGIBLE ASSETS
17
9,759
9,253
8,737
Properties, plant and equipment
9,506
9,046
8,441
For own use
8,501
8,295
7,911
Other assets leased out under an operating lease
1,004
751
530
Investment properties
253
207
296
INTANGIBLE ASSETS 
18
2,490
2,363
2,156
Goodwill
700
795
707
Other intangible assets
1,790
1,568
1,449
TAX ASSETS
19
18,650
17,501
16,725
Current tax assets
4,295
2,860
1,978
Deferred tax assets 
14,354
14,641
14,747
OTHER ASSETS 
20
5,525
2,859
2,586
Insurance contracts linked to pensions
—
—
—
Inventories
1,299
276
325
Other
4,226
2,583
2,260
NON-CURRENT ASSETS AND DISPOSAL GROUPS CLASSIFIED AS HELD FOR 
SALE 
21
828
923
1,022
TOTAL ASSETS
3 / 6
772,402
775,558
712,092
(1) Presented for comparison purposes only (see Note 1.3).
The Notes and Appendices are an integral part of the consolidated balance sheet as of December 31, 2024.
Consolidated Financial Statements Consolidated Financial Statements
4
Translation of the Consolidated Financial Statements originally issued in Spanish and prepared in accordance with EU-IFRS, as adopted 
by the European Union (see Notes 1 to 56). In the event of a discrepancy, the Spanish-language version prevails

Consolidated balance sheets as of December 31, 2024, 2023 and 2022 (continued)
LIABILITIES AND EQUITY (Millions of Euros)
Notes
2024
2023 ⁽¹⁾
2022 ⁽¹⁾
FINANCIAL LIABILITIES HELD FOR TRADING 
10
86,591
121,715
95,611
Derivatives
33,059
33,045
37,909
Short positions
13,878
15,735
13,487
Deposits from central banks
3,360
6,397
3,950
Deposits from credit institutions
16,285
43,337
28,924
Customer deposits
20,010
23,201
11,341
FINANCIAL LIABILITIES DESIGNATED AT FAIR VALUE THROUGH PROFIT OR 
LOSS 
12
14,952
13,299
10,580
Deposits from central banks
—
—
—
Deposits from credit institutions
—
—
—
Customer deposits
934
717
700
Debt certificates issued
4,597
3,977
3,288
Other financial liabilities
9,420
8,605
6,592
Memorandum item: Subordinated liabilities
—
—
—
FINANCIAL LIABILITIES AT AMORTIZED COST 
22
584,339
557,589
529,172
Deposits from central banks
14,668
20,309
38,323
Deposits from credit institutions
34,406
40,039
26,935
Customer deposits
447,646
413,487
394,404
Debt certificates issued
69,867
68,707
55,429
Other financial liabilities
17,753
15,046
14,081
Memorandum item: Subordinated liabilities
19,612
15,867
12,509
DERIVATIVES - HEDGE ACCOUNTING
15
2,503
2,625
3,303
FAIR VALUE CHANGES OF THE HEDGED ITEMS IN PORTFOLIO HEDGES OF 
INTEREST RATE RISK
15
—
—
—
LIABILITIES UNDER INSURANCE AND REINSURANCE CONTRACTS 
23
10,981
12,110
10,131
PROVISIONS
24
4,619
4,924
4,933
Pensions and other post-employment defined benefit obligations
2,348
2,571
2,632
Other long term employee benefits
384
435
466
Provisions for taxes and other legal contingencies
791
696
685
Commitments and guarantees given
667
770
770
Other provisions
429
452
380
TAX LIABILITIES 
19
3,033
2,554
2,935
Current tax liabilities
575
878
1,415
Deferred tax liabilities
2,458
1,677
1,520
OTHER LIABILITIES 
20
5,370
5,477
4,909
LIABILITIES INCLUDED IN DISPOSAL GROUPS CLASSIFIED AS HELD FOR 
SALE
21
—
—
—
TOTAL LIABILITIES
712,388
720,293
661,575
(1) Presented for comparison purposes only (see Note 1.3).
The Notes and Appendices are an integral part of the consolidated balance sheet as of December 31, 2024.
Consolidated Financial Statements Consolidated Financial Statements
5
Translation of the Consolidated Financial Statements originally issued in Spanish and prepared in accordance with EU-IFRS, as adopted 
by the European Union (see Notes 1 to 56). In the event of a discrepancy, the Spanish-language version prevails

Consolidated balance sheets as of December 31, 2024, 2023 and 2022 (continued)
 
LIABILITIES AND EQUITY (Continued) (Millions of Euros)
Notes
2024
2023 ⁽¹⁾
2022 ⁽¹⁾
SHAREHOLDERS’ FUNDS
72,875
67,955
64,535
Capital
26
2,824
2,861
2,955
Paid up capital
2,824
2,861
2,955
Unpaid capital which has been called up
—
—
—
Share premium
27
19,184
19,769
20,856
Equity instruments issued other than capital
—
—
—
Other equity
40
40
63
Retained earnings
28
40,693
36,237
32,711
Revaluation reserves
—
—
—
Other reserves
28
1,814
2,015
2,345
Reserves or accumulated losses of investments in joint ventures and associates
(227)
(237)
(221)
Other
2,041
2,252
2,566
Less: treasury shares
29
(66)
(34)
(29)
Profit or loss attributable to owners of the parent
10,054
8,019
6,358
Less: Interim dividends
4
(1,668)
(951)
(722)
ACCUMULATED OTHER COMPREHENSIVE INCOME (LOSS)
30
(17,220)
(16,254)
(17,642)
Items that will not be reclassified to profit or loss
(1,988)
(2,105)
(1,881)
Actuarial gains (losses) on defined benefit pension plans
(1,067)
(1,049)
(760)
Non-current assets and disposal groups classified as held for sale
—
—
—
Share of other recognized income and expense of investments in joint ventures and 
associates
—
—
—
Fair value changes of equity instruments measured at fair value through other 
comprehensive income
(905)
(1,112)
(1,194)
Hedge ineffectiveness of fair value hedges for equity instruments measured at fair 
value through other comprehensive income
—
—
—
Fair value changes of financial liabilities at fair value through profit or loss 
attributable to changes in their credit risk 
(17)
55
72
Items that may be reclassified to profit or loss
(15,232)
(14,148)
(15,760)
Hedge of net investments in foreign operations (effective portion)
(2,329)
(2,498)
(1,408)
Foreign currency translation 
(12,702)
(11,419)
(13,078)
Hedging derivatives. Cash flow hedges (effective portion)
370
133
(447)
Fair value changes of debt instruments measured at fair value through other 
comprehensive income
(576)
(357)
(809)
Hedging instruments (non-designated items)
—
—
—
Non-current assets and disposal groups classified as held for sale
—
—
—
Share of other recognized income and expense of investments in joint ventures and 
associates
5
(8)
(18)
MINORITY INTERESTS (NON-CONTROLLING INTERESTS)
31
4,359
3,564
3,623
Accumulated other comprehensive income (loss)
(2,730)
(3,321)
(3,109)
Other items
7,089
6,885
6,732
TOTAL EQUITY
60,014
55,265
50,517
TOTAL EQUITY AND TOTAL LIABILITIES
772,402
775,558
712,092
MEMORANDUM ITEM (OFF-BALANCE SHEET EXPOSURES) (Millions of Euros)
Notes
2024
2023 ⁽¹⁾
2022 ⁽¹⁾
Loan commitments given
33
188,515
152,868
136,920
Financial guarantees given
33
22,503
18,839
16,511
Other commitments given
33
51,215
42,577
39,137
(1) Presented for comparison purposes only (see Note 1.3).
The Notes and Appendices are an integral part of the consolidated balance sheet as of December 31, 2024.
 
Consolidated Financial Statements Consolidated Financial Statements
6
Translation of the Consolidated Financial Statements originally issued in Spanish and prepared in accordance with EU-IFRS, as adopted 
by the European Union (see Notes 1 to 56). In the event of a discrepancy, the Spanish-language version prevails

Consolidated income statements for the years ended December 31, 2024, 2023 and 2022
CONSOLIDATED INCOME STATEMENTS (Millions of Euros)
Notes
2024
2023 ⁽¹⁾
2022 ⁽¹⁾
Interest and other income
37.1
61,659
47,850
31,432
Interest income using effective interest rate method
55,224
42,141
29,134
Other interest income
6,435
5,709
2,298
Interest expense
37.2
(36,392)
(24,761)
(12,309)
NET INTEREST INCOME
25,267
23,089
19,124
Dividend income 
38
120
118
123
Share of profit or loss of entities accounted for using the equity method 
39
40
26
21
Fee and commission income 
40
13,036
9,899
8,260
Fee and commission expense
40
(5,048)
(3,611)
(2,888)
Gains (losses) on derecognition of financial assets and liabilities not measured at fair value through 
profit or loss, net
41
327
76
64
Financial assets at amortized cost
20
41
8
Other financial assets and liabilities 
307
35
56
Gains (losses) on financial assets and liabilities held for trading, net
41
2,458
1,352
562
Reclassification of financial assets from fair value through other comprehensive income
—
—
—
Reclassification of financial assets from amortized cost
—
—
—
Other gains (losses)
2,458
1,352
562
Gains (losses) on non-trading financial assets mandatorily at fair value through profit or loss, net
41
179
337
(67)
Reclassification of financial assets from fair value through other comprehensive income
—
—
—
Reclassification of financial assets from amortized cost
—
—
—
Other gains (losses)
179
337
(67)
Gains (losses) on financial assets and liabilities designated at fair value through profit or loss, net
41
249
96
150
Gains (losses) from hedge accounting, net 
41
5
(17)
(45)
Exchange differences, net
41
695
339
1,275
Other operating income 
42
623
619
528
Other operating expense
42
(3,951)
(4,042)
(3,438)
Income from insurance and reinsurance contracts
43
3,720
3,081
2,622
Expense from insurance and reinsurance contracts
43
(2,238)
(1,821)
(1,547)
GROSS INCOME
35,481
29,542
24,743
Administration costs
(12,660)
(10,905)
(9,373)
     Personnel expense
44.1
(7,659)
(6,530)
(5,601)
     Other administrative expense
44.2
(5,001)
(4,375)
(3,773)
Depreciation and amortization
45
(1,533)
(1,403)
(1,328)
Provisions or reversal of provisions
46
(198)
(373)
(291)
Impairment or reversal of impairment on financial assets not measured at fair value through profit 
or loss or net gains by modification
47
(5,745)
(4,428)
(3,379)
     Financial assets measured at amortized cost
(5,687)
(4,386)
(3,303)
     Financial assets at fair value through other comprehensive income
(58)
(42)
(76)
NET OPERATING INCOME
15,345
12,432
10,372
Impairment or reversal of impairment of investments in joint ventures and associates
48
63
(9)
42
Impairment or reversal of impairment on non-financial assets
49
1
(54)
(27)
     Tangible assets
29
(16)
53
     Intangible assets
(15)
(26)
(25)
     Other assets
(13)
(12)
(55)
Gains (losses) on derecognition of non-financial assets and subsidiaries, net
14
28
(11)
Negative goodwill recognized in profit or loss
—
—
—
Gains (losses) from non-current assets and disposal groups classified as held for sale not 
qualifying as discontinued operations    
50
(17)
22
(108)
PROFIT (LOSS) BEFORE TAX FROM CONTINUING OPERATIONS
15,405
12,419
10,268
Tax expense or income related to profit or loss from continuing operations
19
(4,830)
(4,003)
(3,505)
PROFIT (LOSS) AFTER TAX FROM CONTINUING OPERATIONS
10,575
8,416
6,763
Profit (loss) after tax from discontinued operations
21
—
—
—
PROFIT (LOSS)
10,575
8,416
6,763
ATTRIBUTABLE TO MINORITY INTERESTS (NON-CONTROLLING INTERESTS)
31
521
397
405
ATTRIBUTABLE TO OWNERS OF THE PARENT
10,054
8,019
6,358
(1) Presented for comparison purposes only (see Note 1.3).
The Notes and Appendices are an integral part of the consolidated income statement for the year ended December 31, 2024.
 
Consolidated Financial Statements Consolidated Financial Statements
7
Translation of the Consolidated Financial Statements originally issued in Spanish and prepared in accordance with EU-IFRS, as adopted 
by the European Union (see Notes 1 to 56). In the event of a discrepancy, the Spanish-language version prevails

Consolidated income statements for the years ended December 31, 2024, 2023 and 2022 
(continued)
EARNINGS (LOSSES) PER SHARE (Euros)
Notes
2024
2023 ⁽¹⁾
2022 ⁽¹⁾
EARNINGS (LOSSES) PER SHARE (Euros)
5
1.68
1.29
0.98
Basic earnings (losses) per share from continuing operations
1.68
1.29
0.98
Diluted earnings (losses) per share from continuing operations 
1.68
1.29
0.98
Basic earnings (losses) per share from discontinued operations 
—
—
—
Diluted earnings (losses) per share from discontinued operations
—
—
—
(1) Presented for comparison purposes only (see Note 1.3).
The Notes and Appendices are an integral part of the consolidated income statement for the year ended December 31, 2024.
 
Consolidated Financial Statements Consolidated Financial Statements
8
Translation of the Consolidated Financial Statements originally issued in Spanish and prepared in accordance with EU-IFRS, as adopted 
by the European Union (see Notes 1 to 56). In the event of a discrepancy, the Spanish-language version prevails

Consolidated statements of recognized income and expense for the years ended 
December 31, 2024, 2023 and 2022
CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF RECOGNIZED INCOME AND EXPENSE (Millions of Euros)
2024
2023 ⁽¹⁾
2022 ⁽¹⁾
PROFIT (LOSS) RECOGNIZED IN INCOME STATEMENT
10,575
8,416
6,763
OTHER RECOGNIZED INCOME (EXPENSE)
(414)
1,175
789
ITEMS NOT SUBJECT TO RECLASSIFICATION TO INCOME STATEMENT
79
(223)
190
Actuarial gains (losses) from defined benefit pension plans
(78)
(358)
354
Non-current assets and disposal groups held for sale
—
—
—
Share of other recognized income and expense of entities accounted for using the equity method
—
—
—
Fair value changes of equity instruments measured at fair value through other comprehensive 
income, net
236
100
(121)
Gains (losses) from hedge accounting of equity instruments at fair value through other 
comprehensive income, net
—
—
—
Fair value changes of financial liabilities at fair value through profit or loss attributable to changes 
in their credit risk
(102)
(24)
100
Income tax related to items not subject to reclassification to income statement
23
59
(143)
ITEMS SUBJECT TO RECLASSIFICATION TO INCOME STATEMENT
(493)
1,398
599
Hedge of net investments in foreign operations (effective portion)
169
(1,095)
(1,172)
Valuation gains (losses) taken to equity
169
(1,095)
(1,172)
Transferred to profit or loss
—
—
—
Other reclassifications
—
—
—
Foreign currency translation
(646)
1,379
3,413
Translation gains (losses) taken to equity
(646)
1,378
3,413
Transferred to profit or loss
—
1
—
Other reclassifications
—
—
—
Cash flow hedges (effective portion)
331
832
72
Valuation gains (losses) taken to equity
331
832
91
Transferred to profit or loss
—
—
(19)
Transferred to initial carrying amount of hedged items
—
—
—
Other reclassifications
—
—
—
Debt securities at fair value through other comprehensive income
(398)
752
(2,498)
Valuation gains (losses) taken to equity
(217)
757
(2,528)
Transferred to profit or loss
(181)
(5)
30
Other reclassifications
—
—
—
Non-current assets and disposal groups held for sale
—
—
—
Valuation gains (losses) taken to equity
—
—
—
Transferred to profit or loss
—
—
—
Other reclassifications
—
—
—
Entities accounted for using the equity method
16
12
(7)
Income tax relating to items subject to reclassification to income statements
36
(482)
791
TOTAL RECOGNIZED INCOME (EXPENSE)
10,161
9,591
7,552
Attributable to minority interests (non-controlling interests)
1,108
184
1,352
Attributable to the parent company
9,053
9,407
6,200
(1) Presented for comparison purposes only (see Note 1.3).
The Notes and Appendices are an integral part of the consolidated statement of recognized income and expense for the year ended 
December 31, 2024.
Consolidated Financial Statements Consolidated Financial Statements
9
Translation of the Consolidated Financial Statements originally issued in Spanish and prepared in accordance with EU-IFRS, as adopted 
by the European Union (see Notes 1 to 56). In the event of a discrepancy, the Spanish-language version prevails

Consolidated statements of changes in equity for the years ended December 31, 2024, 2023 and 2022
CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF CHANGES IN EQUITY (Millions of Euros)
Capital
(Note 26)
Share 
Premium 
(Note 27)
Equity 
instruments 
issued other 
than capital
Other 
Equity 
Retained 
earnings 
(Note 28)
Revaluation 
reserves
Other 
reserves
(Note 28)
(-) 
Treasury 
shares 
(Note 29)
Profit or loss 
attributable to 
owners of the 
parent
(-) Interim 
dividends 
(Note 4)
Accumulated 
other 
comprehensive 
income (loss)
 (Note 30)
Minority interests
Total
2024
Accumulated 
other 
comprehensive 
income (loss) 
(Note 31)
Other
(Note 31)
Balances as of January 1, 2024 ⁽¹⁾
2,861
19,769
—
40
36,237
—
2,015
(34)
8,019
(951)
(16,254)
(3,321)
6,885
55,265
Total income/expense recognized
—
—
—
—
—
—
—
—
10,054
—
(1,001)
587
521
10,161
Other changes in equity
(37)
(585)
—
(1)
4,457
—
(201)
(32)
(8,019)
(717)
35
4
(317)
(5,413)
Issuances of ordinary shares
—
—
—
—
—
—
—
—
—
—
—
—
—
—
Issuances of preferred shares
—
—
—
—
—
—
—
—
—
—
—
—
—
—
Issuance of other equity instruments
—
—
—
—
—
—
—
—
—
—
—
—
—
—
Settlement or maturity of other equity 
instruments issued 
—
—
—
—
—
—
—
—
—
—
—
—
—
—
Conversion of debt on equity
—
—
—
—
—
—
—
—
—
—
—
—
—
—
Capital reduction
(37)
(585)
—
—
29
—
(189)
781
—
—
—
—
—
—
Dividend distribution
—
—
—
—
(2,245)
—
—
—
—
(1,668)
—
—
(345)
(4,258)
Purchase of treasury shares
—
—
—
—
—
—
—
(1,528)
—
—
—
—
—
(1,528)
Sale or cancellation of treasury shares
—
—
—
—
—
—
10
716
—
—
—
—
—
725
Reclassification of other equity instruments to 
financial liabilities
—
—
—
—
—
—
—
—
—
—
—
—
—
—
Reclassification of financial liabilities to other 
equity instruments
—
—
—
—
—
—
—
—
—
—
—
—
—
—
Transfers among components of equity
—
—
—
9
7,059
—
(38)
—
(8,019)
951
35
4
—
—
Increase/Reduction of equity due to business 
combinations
—
—
—
—
—
—
—
—
—
—
—
—
—
—
Share based payments
—
—
—
(26)
—
—
—
—
—
—
—
—
—
(26)
Other increases or (-) decreases in equity
—
—
—
16
(386)
—
16
—
—
—
—
—
28
(326)
Balance as of December 31, 2024
2,824
19,184
—
40
40,693
—
1,814
(66)
10,054
(1,668)
(17,220)
(2,730)
7,089
60,014
(1) Balances as of December 31, 2023 as originally reported in the Consolidated Financial Statements for the year 2023.
The Notes and Appendices are an integral part of the consolidated statement of changes in equity for the year ended December 31, 2024.
 
Consolidated Financial Statements Consolidated Financial Statements
10
Translation of the Consolidated Financial Statements originally issued in Spanish and prepared in accordance with EU-IFRS, as adopted by the European Union (see Notes 1 to 56). In the event of a 
discrepancy, the Spanish-language version prevails

Consolidated statements of changes in equity for the years ended December 31, 2024, 2023 and 2022 (continued)
CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF CHANGES IN EQUITY (Millions of Euros)
2023 ⁽¹⁾
Capital
(Note 26)
Share 
Premium 
(Note 27)
Equity 
instruments 
issued other 
than capital
Other 
Equity 
Retained 
earnings 
(Note 28)
Revaluation 
reserves
Other 
reserves
(Note 28)
(-) 
Treasury 
shares 
(Note 29)
Profit or loss 
attributable to 
owners of the 
parent
(-) Interim 
dividends 
(Note 4)
Accumulated 
other 
comprehensive 
income (loss)
 (Note 30)
Minority interests
Total
Accumulated 
other 
comprehensive 
income (loss) 
(Note 31)
Other
(Note 31)
Balances as of January 1, 2023 ⁽²⁾
2,955
20,856
—
63
32,536
—
2,345
(29)
6,420
(722)
(17,432)
(3,112)
6,736
50,615
Effect of changes in accounting policies ⁽³⁾
—
—
—
—
175
—
—
—
(62)
—
(210)
4
(4)
(98)
Adjusted initial balance
2,955
20,856
—
63
32,711
—
2,345
(29)
6,358
(722)
(17,642)
(3,109)
6,732
50,517
Total income/expense recognized
—
—
—
—
—
—
—
—
8,019
—
1,388
(213)
397
9,591
Other changes in equity
(94)
(1,087)
—
(22)
3,526
—
(331)
(5)
(6,358)
(228)
—
1
(244)
(4,842)
Issuances of ordinary shares
—
—
—
—
—
—
—
—
—
—
—
—
—
—
Issuances of preferred shares
—
—
—
—
—
—
—
—
—
—
—
—
—
—
Issuance of other equity instruments
—
—
—
—
—
—
—
—
—
—
—
—
—
—
Settlement or maturity of other equity 
instruments issued 
—
—
—
—
—
—
—
—
—
—
—
—
—
—
Conversion of debt on equity
—
—
—
—
—
—
—
—
—
—
—
—
—
—
Capital reduction
(94)
(1,087)
—
—
75
—
(316)
1,422
—
—
—
—
—
—
Dividend distribution
—
—
—
—
(1,857)
—
—
—
—
(951)
—
—
(263)
(3,071)
Purchase of treasury shares
—
—
—
—
—
—
—
(2,166)
—
—
—
—
—
(2,166)
Sale or cancellation of treasury shares
—
—
—
—
—
—
1
739
—
—
—
—
—
741
Reclassification of other equity instruments to 
financial liabilities
—
—
—
—
—
—
—
—
—
—
—
—
—
—
Reclassification of financial liabilities to other 
equity instruments
—
—
—
—
—
—
—
—
—
—
—
—
—
—
Transfers among components of equity
—
—
—
2
5,651
—
(17)
—
(6,358)
722
—
1
(1)
—
Increase/Reduction of equity due to business 
combinations
—
—
—
—
—
—
—
—
—
—
—
—
—
—
Share based payments
—
—
—
(41)
—
—
—
—
—
—
—
—
—
(41)
Other increases or (-) decreases in equity
—
—
—
17
(344)
—
2
—
—
—
—
—
20
(305)
Balance as of December 31, 2023
2,861
19,769
—
40
36,237
—
2,015
(34)
8,019
(951)
(16,254)
(3,321)
6,885
55,265
(1) Presented for comparison purposes only (see Note 1.3).
(2) Balances as of December 31, 2022 as originally reported in the Consolidated Financial Statements for the year 2022.
(3) Effects of the application of IFRS 17 (see Note 2.2.8).
The Notes and Appendices are an integral part of the consolidated statement of changes in equity for the year ended December 31, 2024.
 
Consolidated Financial Statements Consolidated Financial Statements
11
Translation of the Consolidated Financial Statements originally issued in Spanish and prepared in accordance with EU-IFRS, as adopted by the European Union (see Notes 1 to 56). In the event of a 
discrepancy, the Spanish-language version prevails

Consolidated statements of changes in equity for the years ended December 31, 2024, 2023 and 2022 (continued)
CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF CHANGES IN EQUITY (Millions of Euros)
Capital
(Note 26)
Share 
Premium 
(Note 27)
Equity 
instruments 
issued other 
than capital
Other 
Equity 
Retained 
earnings 
(Note 28)
Revaluation 
reserves
Other 
reserves
(Note 28)
(-) 
Treasury 
shares 
(Note 29)
Profit or loss 
attributable to 
owners of the 
parent
(-) Interim 
dividends 
(Note 4)
Accumulated 
other 
comprehensive 
income (loss)
 (Note 30)
Minority interests
Total
2022 ⁽¹⁾
Accumulated 
other 
comprehensive 
income (loss) 
(Note 31)
Other
(Note 31)
Balances as of January 1, 2022 ⁽²⁾
3,267
23,599
—
60
31,841
—
(1,857)
(647)
4,653
(532)
(16,476)
(8,414)
13,267
48,760
Effect of changes in accounting policies ⁽³⁾
—
—
—
—
178
—
—
—
—
—
(186)
1
(6)
(12)
Adjusted initial balance
3,267
23,599
—
60
32,019
—
(1,857)
(647)
4,653
(532)
(16,662)
(8,413)
13,261
48,748
Total income/expense recognized
—
—
—
—
—
—
—
—
6,358
—
(158)
947
405
7,552
Other changes in equity
(313)
(2,743)
—
3
692
—
4,202
617
(4,653)
(190)
(822)
4,358
(6,935)
(5,783)
Issuances of ordinary shares
—
—
—
—
—
—
—
—
—
—
—
—
—
—
Issuances of preferred shares
—
—
—
—
—
—
—
—
—
—
—
—
—
—
Issuance of other equity instruments
—
—
—
—
—
—
—
—
—
—
—
—
—
—
Settlement or maturity of other equity 
instruments issued 
—
—
—
—
—
—
—
—
—
—
—
—
—
—
Conversion of debt on equity
—
—
—
—
—
—
—
—
—
—
—
—
—
—
Capital reduction
(313)
(2,743)
—
—
250
—
(355)
3,160
—
—
—
—
—
—
Dividend distribution
—
—
—
—
(1,463)
—
—
—
—
(722)
—
—
(185)
(2,370)
Purchase of treasury shares
—
—
—
—
—
—
—
(2,966)
—
—
—
—
—
(2,966)
Sale or cancellation of treasury shares
—
—
—
—
—
—
9
423
—
—
—
—
—
432
Reclassification of other equity instruments to 
financial liabilities
—
—
—
—
—
—
—
—
—
—
—
—
—
—
Reclassification of financial liabilities to other 
equity instruments
—
—
—
—
—
—
—
—
—
—
—
—
—
—
Transfers among components of equity ⁽⁴⁾
—
—
—
—
2,231
—
2,712
—
(4,653)
532
(822)
4,358
(4,358)
—
Increase/Reduction of equity due to business 
combinations
—
—
—
—
—
—
—
—
—
—
—
—
—
—
Share based payments
—
—
—
(22)
—
—
—
—
—
—
—
—
—
(22)
Other increases or (-) decreases in equity ⁽⁴⁾
—
—
—
25
(326)
—
1,836
—
—
—
—
—
(2,392)
(857)
Balance as of December 31, 2022
2,955
20,856
—
63
32,711
—
2,345
(29)
6,358
(722)
(17,642)
(3,109)
6,732
50,517
(1) Presented for comparison purposes only (see Note 1.3).
(2) Balances as of December 31, 2021 as originally reported in the Consolidated Financial Statements for the year 2021.
(3) Effects of the application of IFRS 17 (see Note 2.2.8).
(4) The headings "Transfers among components of equity" and "Other increases or decreases in equity" include the effects of the application of IAS 29 "Financial Reporting in Hyperinflationary Economies" in the subsidiaries in Turkey (see Note 2.2.18) for amounts of 
€1,873 million in "Retained earnings", €1,862 million in "Accumulated other comprehensive income (loss)" and, under the heading of "Minority interests" include, €1,621 million in "Other" and €1,480 million in "Accumulated other comprehensive income (loss)".
The Notes and Appendices are an integral part of the consolidated statement of changes in equity for the year ended December 31, 2024.
 
Consolidated Financial Statements Consolidated Financial Statements
12
Translation of the Consolidated Financial Statements originally issued in Spanish and prepared in accordance with EU-IFRS, as adopted by the European Union (see Notes 1 to 56). In the event of a 
discrepancy, the Spanish-language version prevails

Consolidated statements of cash flows for the years ended December 31, 2024, 2023 and 
2022  
 
 
CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF CASH FLOWS (Millions of Euros)
2024
2023 ⁽¹⁾
2022 ⁽¹⁾
A) CASH FLOWS FROM OPERATING ACTIVITIES
(18,190)
(721)
23,718
Of which hyperinflation effect from operating activities (see Note 2.2.18)
2,593
1,884
2,692
Profit for the year
10,575
8,416
6,763
Adjustments to obtain the cash flow from operating activities
14,817
12,150
11,746
Depreciation and amortization
1,533
1,403
1,328
Other adjustments
13,283
10,747
10,418
Net increase/decrease in operating assets 
(54,265)
(77,408)
(42,900)
Financial assets held for trading
28,452
(27,884)
14,658
Non-trading financial assets mandatorily at fair value through profit or loss
(2,813)
(1,288)
(421)
Other financial assets designated at fair value through profit or loss
119
(42)
179
Financial assets at fair value through other comprehensive income
(1,124)
2,512
(1,014)
Financial assets at amortized cost
(76,759)
(51,182)
(55,754)
Other operating assets
(2,140)
476
(548)
Net increase/decrease in operating liabilities 
16,314
61,473
51,343
Financial liabilities held for trading
(32,695)
24,435
2,907
Other financial liabilities designated at fair value through profit or loss
2,647
2,003
293
Financial liabilities at amortized cost
45,970
36,127
48,161
Other operating liabilities
392
(1,092)
(17)
Collection/payments for income tax
(5,631)
(5,353)
(3,234)
B) CASH FLOWS FROM INVESTING ACTIVITIES
(1,423)
(1,419)
(3,911)
Of which hyperinflation effect from investing activities (see Note 2.2.18)
753
772
759
Investment 
(2,039)
(1,912)
(4,506)
Tangible assets
(1,195)
(1,129)
(1,812)
Intangible assets
(816)
(690)
(630)
Investments in joint ventures and associates
(1)
(93)
(81)
Subsidiaries and other business units
(28)
—
(1,389)
Non-current assets classified as held for sale and associated liabilities
—
—
(594)
Other settlements related to investing activities
—
—
—
Divestments
617
492
596
Tangible assets
104
92
29
Intangible assets
—
—
—
Investments in joint ventures and associates
32
58
127
Subsidiaries and other business units
73
21
—
Non-current assets classified as held for sale and associated liabilities
408
321
440
Other collections related to investing activities
—
—
—
C) CASH FLOWS FROM FINANCING ACTIVITIES
(2,567)
(1,842)
(7,563)
Of which hyperinflation effect from financing activities (see Note 2.2.18)
—
—
—
Payments
(8,773)
(7,224)
(7,996)
Dividend distribution (shareholders remuneration)
(3,913)
(2,808)
(2,185)
Subordinated liabilities
(2,599)
(1,629)
(2,258)
Treasury share amortization
(37)
(94)
(313)
Treasury share acquisition
(1,492)
(2,072)
(2,670)
Other items relating to financing activities
(732)
(622)
(571)
Collections
6,205
5,383
434
Subordinated liabilities
5,514
4,672
—
Treasury shares increase
—
—
—
Treasury shares disposal
691
711
434
Other items relating to financing activities
—
—
—
D) EFFECT OF EXCHANGE RATE CHANGES
(2,091)
(357)
(288)
E) NET INCREASE/DECREASE IN CASH AND CASH EQUIVALENTS (A+B+C+D)
(24,271)
(4,339)
11,957
F) CASH AND CASH EQUIVALENTS AT BEGINNING OF THE YEAR
75,416
79,756
67,799
G) CASH AND CASH EQUIVALENTS AT END OF THE YEAR (E+F) 
51,145
75,416
79,756
COMPONENTS OF CASH AND EQUIVALENTS AT END OF THE YEAR (Millions of Euros)
Notes
2024
2023 ⁽¹⁾
2022 ⁽¹⁾
Cash
9
8,636
7,751
6,533
Balance of cash equivalent in central banks
9
35,306
60,750
67,314
Other financial assets
9
7,202
6,916
5,909
Less: Bank overdraft refundable on demand
—
—
—
TOTAL CASH AND CASH EQUIVALENTS AT END OF THE YEAR
51,145
75,416
79,756
(1) Presented for comparison purposes only (see Note 1.3).
The Notes and Appendices are an integral part of the consolidated statement of cash flows for the year ended December 31, 2024.
Consolidated Financial Statements Consolidated Financial Statements
13
Translation of the Consolidated Financial Statements originally issued in Spanish and prepared in accordance with EU-IFRS, as adopted 
by the European Union (see Notes 1 to 56). In the event of a discrepancy, the Spanish-language version prevails

Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements 
1.
Introduction, basis for the presentation of the Consolidated Financial Statements,
Internal Control over Financial Reporting and other information
1.1
Introduction
Banco Bilbao Vizcaya Argentaria, S.A. (hereinafter “the Bank”, “BBVA" or “BBVA, S.A.”), registered with the Company Register of 
Vizcaya, is a private-law entity subject to the laws and regulations governing banking entities operating in Spain. It carries out its 
activity through branches and agencies across the country and abroad.
The Bylaws and other public information are available for inspection at the Bank’s registered address (Plaza San Nicolás, 4 Bilbao) as 
noted on its web site (www.bbva.com). The Bank's purpose is to carry out all kinds of activities, operations, acts, contracts and 
services within the banking business or directly or indirectly related to it, which are permitted or not prohibited by the provisions in 
force and supplementary activities. Its corporate purpose also includes the acquisition, possession, use and disposal of securities, 
public offering of acquisition and sale of securities, as well as all types of holdings in any entity or company. 
In addition to the activities it carries out directly, the Bank heads a group of subsidiaries, joint ventures and associates which perform 
a wide range of activities and which together with the Bank constitute the Banco Bilbao Vizcaya Argentaria Group (hereinafter the 
“Group” or the “BBVA Group”). In addition to its own separate financial statements, the Bank is required to prepare Consolidated 
Financial Statements comprising all consolidated subsidiaries of the Group.
As of December 31, 2024, in addition to the Bank, the BBVA Group had 174 consolidated entities and 39 entities accounted for using 
the equity method (see Notes 3 and 16 and Appendices I to IV).
The Consolidated Financial Statements of the BBVA Group for the year ended December 31, 2023 were approved by the shareholders 
at the Annual General Shareholders' Meeting (“AGM”) held on March 15, 2024.
BBVA Group’s Consolidated Financial Statements and the Financial Statements for the Bank and the majority of the other entities 
within the Group have been prepared for the year ended December 31, 2024, and are pending approval by their respective AGMs. 
However, the Board of Directors of the Bank believes that said financial statements will be approved without significant changes.
1.2
Basis for the presentation of the Consolidated Financial Statements
The BBVA Group’s Consolidated Financial Statements are presented in compliance with IFRS-IASB (International Financial Reporting 
Standards as issued by the International Accounting Standards Board (hereinafter “IASB”)), as well as in accordance with the 
International Financial Reporting Standards endorsed by the European Union (hereinafter “EU-IFRS”) applicable as of December 31, 
2024, considering the Bank of Spain Circular 4/2017, as well as its successive amendments, and with any other legislation governing 
financial reporting which is applicable, and with the format and mark-up requirements established in the EU Delegated Regulation 
2019/815 of the European Commission.
The BBVA Group’s Consolidated Financial Statements for the year ended December 31, 2024 were prepared by the Group’s Directors 
(through the Board of Directors meeting held on February 11, 2025) by applying the principles of consolidation, accounting policies 
and valuation criteria described in Note 2, so that they present fairly the Group’s total consolidated equity and financial position as of 
December 31, 2024, together with the consolidated results of its operations and cash flows generated during the year ended 
December 31, 2024.
These Consolidated Financial Statements were prepared on the basis of the accounting records kept by the Bank and each of the 
other entities in the Group. Moreover, they include the adjustments and reclassifications required to harmonize the accounting 
policies and valuation criteria used by the Group (see Note 2.2).
All applicable accounting standards and valuation criteria with a significant effect on the Consolidated Financial Statements were 
applied in their preparation.
The amounts reflected in the Consolidated Financial Statements are presented in millions of euros, unless it is more appropriate to 
use smaller units. Some items that appear without a balance in these Consolidated Financial Statements are due to how the units are 
expressed. Also, in presenting amounts in millions of euros, the accounting balances have been rounded up or down. It is therefore 
possible that the totals appearing in some tables are not the exact arithmetical sum of their component figures.
The percentage changes in amounts have been calculated using figures expressed in thousands of euros.
1.3
Comparative information
The information included in the consolidated financial statements for the years ended December 31, 2023 and 2022, is presented in 
accordance with the applicable regulation, for the purpose of comparison with the information for the year ended December 31, 2024. 
Consolidated Financial Statements Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
14
Translation of the Consolidated Financial Statements originally issued in Spanish and prepared in accordance with EU-IFRS, as adopted 
by the European Union (see Notes 1 to 56). In the event of a discrepancy, the Spanish-language version prevails

1.4
Seasonal nature of income and expense
The nature of the most significant activities carried out by the BBVA Group’s entities is mainly related to typical activities carried out 
by financial institutions, and are not significantly affected by seasonal factors within the same year.
1.5
Responsibility for the information and for the estimates made
The information contained in the BBVA Group’s Consolidated Financial Statements is the responsibility of the Group’s Directors.
Estimates were required to be made at times when preparing these Consolidated Financial Statements in order to calculate the 
recorded or disclosed amount of some assets, liabilities, income, expense and commitments. These estimates relate mainly to the 
following:
–
Loss allowances on certain financial assets (see Notes 7, 13, 14 and 16).
–
The assumptions used in the valuation of insurance and reinsurance contracts (see Note 23) to quantify certain provisions 
(see Note 24) and the calculation of post-employment benefit liabilities and commitments (see Note 25).
–
The useful life and impairment losses of tangible and intangible assets and impairment losses of non-current assets held for 
sale (see Notes 17, 18, and 21).
–
The valuation of goodwill and price allocation of business combinations (see Note 18).
–
The fair value of certain unlisted financial assets and liabilities (see Notes 7, 8, 10, 11, 12, 13 and 15).
–
The recoverability of deferred tax assets and the forecast for corporate income tax (see Note 19).
In general, the BBVA Group is working to consider and include how climate risk and other climate-related matters can affect the 
Consolidated Financial Statements, cash flows and financial performance of the Group within the models used for the relevant 
estimations. These estimates and judgments are being considered when preparing the financial statements of the BBVA Group and, 
where relevant, they are mentioned in the corresponding Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements.
The prevailing geopolitical and economic uncertainties (see Note 7.1) entail a greater complexity in developing reliable estimations 
and applying judgment. Estimates have been made on the basis of the best available information on the matters analyzed as of 
December 31, 2024. However, it is possible that events may take place subsequent to such date, which could make it necessary to 
amend these estimations (upward or downward), which would be carried out prospectively, recognizing the effects of the change in 
estimation in the consolidated financial statements.
During 2024 there have been no significant changes in the estimates made as of December 31, 2023 and 2022, other than those 
indicated in these Consolidated Financial Statements.
1.6
BBVA Group’s Internal Control over Financial Reporting
BBVA Group’s Consolidated Financial Statements are prepared under an Internal Control over Financial Reporting (hereinafter 
"ICFR") model. It provides reasonable assurance with respect to the reliability and the integrity of the consolidated financial 
statements. It is also aimed to ensure that the transactions are processed in accordance with the applicable laws and regulations.
The ICFR model is compliant with the control framework established in 2013 by the Committee of Sponsoring Organizations of the 
Treadway Commission (hereinafter "COSO"). The COSO 2013 framework sets out five components that constitute the basis of the 
effectiveness and efficiency of the internal control systems:
–
The establishment of an appropriate control framework.
–
The assessment of the risks that could arise during the preparation of the financial information.
–
The design of the necessary controls to mitigate the identified risks.
–
The establishment of an appropriate system of information to detect and report system weaknesses.
–
The monitoring over the controls to ensure they perform correctly and are effective over time.
The ICFR model is a dynamic model that continuously evolves over time to reflect the reality of the BBVA Group’s businesses and 
processes, as well as the risks that may arise and the controls that mitigate them. This control system is subject to a continuous 
evaluation coordinated by the internal financial control units located in the different entities of BBVA Group.
In order to ensure the necessary independence of the aforementioned internal financial control units, they are integrated within the 
Regulation & Internal Control area, whose head reports to the Board of Directors through its Committees. Among its main functions is 
the definition and coordination of the Group's entire internal control model, based on two pillars:
Consolidated Financial Statements Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
15
Translation of the Consolidated Financial Statements originally issued in Spanish and prepared in accordance with EU-IFRS, as adopted 
by the European Union (see Notes 1 to 56). In the event of a discrepancy, the Spanish-language version prevails

–
A control system organized into three lines of defense that has been updated and strengthened, as described below:
a.
The first line of defense (1LoD) is located within the business and support units, which are responsible for 
identifying risks associated with their processes, as well as for implementing and executing the necessary 
controls to mitigate them. The Risk Control Assurer (RCA) role was created to reinforce the adequate risk 
management in each area’s processes. 
b.
The second line of defense (2LoD) comprises the specialized control units for each type of risk (Risk Control 
Specialists - RCS- among others Finance, Legal, Technology, Third Party, Compliance or Processes). This second 
line defines the mitigation and control frameworks for the risks in their areas of responsibility across the entire 
organization and also challenges the functioning of the control model (supervises the implementation and design 
of the controls and assesses their effectiveness). 
c.
The third line of defense (3LoD) is the Internal Audit unit, which conducts an independent review of the model, 
verifying the compliance and effectiveness of the internal control model, both the first and second line of defense 
functions.
–
A committee structure in the Group, called Corporate Assurance, which enables the escalation of possible weaknesses to 
the Group's Management as well as the management of issues related to internal control, both at a consolidated level and 
also in each of the countries where the Group operates.
The different RCAs and RCSs control units, coordinated by Internal Financial Control (RCS Finance), follow a common and standard 
methodology established at the Group level, as set out in the following diagram:
The ICFR model includes both the controls related to the financial information generation processes, as well as those of a broader 
scope, designed to improve the Group's general control environment (ELC or Entity Level Control). Both types of controls are 
assessed on a regular basis by the Control areas and by the Group's Internal Audit unit. The result of their evaluation is reported to the 
Audit Committee of the Bank’s Board of Directors.
The BBVA Group also complies with the requirements of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act ("SOX") for the preparation of the Consolidated 
Financial Statements, as a company with securities registered with the U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission ("SEC"). The main 
senior executives of the Group are involved in the design and implementation of the internal control model with the aim of making it 
effective and to ensure the quality and accuracy of the financial information.
The description of the ICFR model is included in the Corporate Governance Annual Report within the Management Report 
accompanying the Consolidated Financial Statements for the year ended December 31, 2024. 
2.
Principles of consolidation, accounting policies and measurement bases applied 
and recent IFRS pronouncements
The Glossary includes the definition of some of the financial and economic terms used in Note 2 and subsequent Notes of the 
Consolidated Financial Statements.
2.1
Principles of consolidation
In terms of its consolidation, the Financial Statements of the BBVA Group are comprised of four types of entities: subsidiaries, joint 
ventures, associates and structured entities, defined as follows:
Consolidated Financial Statements Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
16
Translation of the Consolidated Financial Statements originally issued in Spanish and prepared in accordance with EU-IFRS, as adopted 
by the European Union (see Notes 1 to 56). In the event of a discrepancy, the Spanish-language version prevails

–
Subsidiaries
Subsidiaries are entities controlled by the Group (for definition of control, see Glossary). 
Generally, there is a presumption that a majority of voting rights gives rise to control. When the Group holds less than the 
majority of the voting rights or similar rights in an entity, the Group considers all relevant facts and circumstances in 
assessing whether it has control over the entity, including: 
•
Contractual arrangements with other holders of voting rights.
•
The rights arising from other contractual arrangements.
•
The Group's voting rights and potential voting rights. 
There are certain entities that, although the Group holds less than 50% of the voting rights in them, are considered to be 
subsidiaries because the Group has the ability to exercise control over them (see Appendix I).
The financial statements of the subsidiaries are fully consolidated with those of the Bank through the full consolidation 
method, which consists of the aggregation of assets, liabilities and equity, income and expenses, of a similar nature, shown 
in their individual financial statements. Intragroup assets and liabilities, equity, income and expenses and cash flows related 
to intragroup transactions are eliminated in consolidation.
The share of non-controlling interests from subsidiaries in the Group’s consolidated total equity is presented under the 
heading “Minority interests (Non-controlling interests)” in the consolidated balance sheet. Their share in the profit or loss 
for the period or year is presented under the heading “Attributable to minority interests (non-controlling interests)” in the 
consolidated income statement (see Note 31).
Note 3 includes information related to the main subsidiaries in the Group as of December 31, 2024. Appendix I includes 
other significant information on such entities.
–
Joint ventures
Joint ventures are those entities for which there is a joint control arrangement with third parties other than the Group (for 
definitions of joint arrangement, joint control and joint venture, refer to Glossary). 
The investments in joint ventures are accounted for using the equity method (see Note 16). Appendix II shows the main 
figures for the main joint ventures accounted for using the equity method as of December 31, 2024.
–
Associates
Associates are entities in which the Group is able to exercise significant influence (for definition, see Glossary), but not 
control or joint control. Significant influence is deemed to exist when the Group owns 20% or more of the voting rights of an 
investee directly or indirectly, unless it can be clearly demonstrated that this is not the case.
The Group evaluates the existence of significant influence, not only based on the voting rights but also qualitative factors 
such as presence on the board of directors, participation in decision-making processes, exchange of management 
personnel, as well as access to technical information. Regarding joint agreements, in addition to evaluating the rights and 
obligations of the parties thereto, other facts and circumstances are considered to determine whether an agreement is a 
joint venture or a joint operation. When the sale or contribution of a controlled business to an associate or joint venture 
occurs, the Group recognizes any retained interest at fair value. The difference between the book value of the business 
contributed and the fair value of the retained investment plus the corresponding disposal is fully recognized in the income 
statement.
Certain entities in which the Group owns 20% or more of the voting rights are not included as Group associates, since the 
Group does not have the ability to exercise significant influence over these entities. Investments in these entities are 
classified as “Non-trading financial assets mandatorily at fair value through profit or loss” (see Note 11) or "Financial assets 
at fair value through other comprehensive income" (see Note 13).
In contrast, some investments in entities in which the Group holds less than 20% of the voting rights are accounted for as 
Group associates, as the Group is considered to have the ability to exercise significant influence over these entities. As of 
December 31, 2024, these entities are not significant to the Group.
Associates are valued for by the equity method. These entities are initially recognized at cost and subsequently adjusted 
according to the changes in the Group's share of the net assets of such entities after their acquisition (see Note 16). The 
Group's income statement reflects the proportion of the results generated by associates in the line "Results of entities 
accounted for using the equity method". The main figures of the most significant entities are shown in Appendix II.
Consolidated Financial Statements Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
17
Translation of the Consolidated Financial Statements originally issued in Spanish and prepared in accordance with EU-IFRS, as adopted 
by the European Union (see Notes 1 to 56). In the event of a discrepancy, the Spanish-language version prevails

–
Structured entities
A structured entity (see Glossary) is an entity that has been designed so that voting or similar rights are not the dominant 
factor in deciding who controls the entity, such as when the voting rights relate to administrative matters only and the 
relevant activities are directed by means of contractual arrangements.
In those cases where the Group sets up entities or has a holding in such entities, in order to allow its customers access to 
certain investments, to transfer risks or for other purposes, in accordance with internal criteria and procedures and with 
applicable regulations, the Group determines whether control over the entity in question actually exists and therefore 
whether it should be subject to consolidation.
Such methods and procedures determine whether there is control by the Group, considering how the decisions are made 
about the relevant activities, assessing whether the Group has control over the relevant elements, exposure to variable 
returns from involvement with the investee and the ability to use control over the investee to affect the amount of the 
investor’s returns.
–
 Structured entities subject to consolidation
To determine if a structured entity is controlled by the Group, and therefore should be consolidated into the 
Group, the existing contractual rights (different from the voting rights) are analyzed. For this reason, an analysis 
of the structure and purpose of each investee is performed and, among others, the following factors will be 
considered:
a.
Evidence of the current ability to manage the relevant activities of the investee according to the specific 
business needs (including any decisions that may arise only in particular circumstances).
b.
Potential existence of a special relationship with the investee.
c.
Implicit or explicit Group commitments to support the investee.
d.
The ability to use the Group´s power over the investee to affect the amount of the Group’s returns.
These types of entities include cases where the Group has a high exposure to variable returns and retains 
decision-making power over the investee, either directly or through an agent. 
The main structured entities of the Group are the asset securitization funds, to which the BBVA Group transfers 
loans and advances, and other vehicles, which allow the Group’s customers to gain access to certain investments 
or to allow for the transfer of risks or for other purposes (see Appendices I and V). 
The BBVA Group maintains the decision-making power over the relevant activities of these structured entities 
subject to consolidation and provides financial support through contracts, as is standard in the securitization 
market. 
The most common ones are investment positions in equity tranches of notes; funding through subordinated debt; 
credit enhancements through derivative instruments or liquidity lines; management rights of defaulted securitized 
assets; “clean-up” call derivatives; and asset repurchase clauses by the grantor. 
For these reasons, the loans and receivable portfolios related to the majority of the securitizations carried out by 
the Bank or Group subsidiaries are not derecognized in the books of said entity and the issuances of the related 
debt securities are recorded as liabilities within the Group’s consolidated balance sheet.
For additional information on the accounting treatment for the transfer and derecognition of financial 
instruments, see Note 2.2.2. “Transfers and derecognition of financial assets and liabilities”. 
–
Non-consolidated structured entities
The Group owns other vehicles also for the purpose of allowing customers access to certain investments, to 
transfer risks, and for other purposes, but without the Group having control of the vehicles, which are not 
consolidated in accordance with IFRS 10 – “Consolidated Financial Statements”. The balance of assets and 
liabilities of these vehicles is not material in relation to the Group’s Consolidated Financial Statements. 
As of December 31, 2024, 2023 and 2022 there was no material financial support from the Bank or its subsidiaries 
to non-consolidated structured entities.
The Group does not consolidate any of the mutual funds it manages since the necessary control conditions are 
not met. Particularly, the BBVA Group does not act as arranger but as agent since it operates the mutual funds on 
behalf and for the benefit of investors or parties (arranger or arrangers) and, for this reason it does not control the 
mutual funds when exercising its authority for decision making.
Consolidated Financial Statements Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
18
Translation of the Consolidated Financial Statements originally issued in Spanish and prepared in accordance with EU-IFRS, as adopted 
by the European Union (see Notes 1 to 56). In the event of a discrepancy, the Spanish-language version prevails

The mutual funds managed by the Group are not considered structured entities (generally, retail funds without 
corporate identity over which investors have participations which gives them ownership of said managed equity). 
These funds are not dependent on a capital structure that could prevent them from carrying out activities without 
additional financial support, being in any case insufficient as far as the activities themselves are concerned. 
Additionally, the risk of the investment is absorbed by the fund participants, and the Group is only exposed when it 
becomes a participant, and as such, there is no other risk for the Group.
In all cases, the operating results of equity method investees acquired by the BBVA Group in a particular period only include the 
period from the date of acquisition to the financial statements date. Similarly, the results of entities disposed of during any year only 
include the period from the start of the year to the date of disposal.
The consolidated financial statements of subsidiaries, associates and joint ventures used in the preparation of the Consolidated 
Financial Statements of the Group have the same presentation date as the Consolidated Financial Statements. If financial statements 
at those same dates are not available, the most recent will be used, as long as these are not older than three months, and will be 
adjusted to take into account the most significant transactions. As of December 31, 2024, financial statements as of December 31 of 
all Group entities were utilized except in the case of the consolidated financial statements of nine non-significant entities for which 
financial statements as of November 30, 2024 were used.
Business combinations
A business combination is a transaction, or any other deal, by which the Group obtains control over one or more businesses, 
accounting for by applying the “acquisition method”.
According to this method, the acquirer has to recognize the assets acquired and the liabilities and contingent liabilities assumed, 
including those that the acquired entity had not accounted for. The method involves the measurement of the consideration received 
for the business combination and its allocation to the assets, liabilities and contingent liabilities measured according to their fair value, 
at the purchase date, as well as the recognition of any non-controlling participation (minority interests) that may arise from the 
transaction.
The acquirer shall recognize an asset in the consolidated balance sheet under the heading “Intangible assets - Goodwill” (see Note 
2.2.7) if on the acquisition date there is a positive difference between:
–
the sum of the consideration paid, the amount of all the minority interests and the fair value of the stock previously held in 
the acquired business; and 
–
the fair value of the assets acquired and liabilities assumed.
If this difference is negative, it shall be recognized directly in the income statement under the heading “Negative goodwill recognized 
in profit or loss”.
Minority interests in the acquired entity may be measured in two ways: either at their fair value; or at the proportional percentage of 
net assets identified in the acquired entity. The method of valuing minority interests may be elected in each business combination. 
BBVA Group has always elected the second method.
Separate financial statements
The separate financial statements of the parent company of the Group are prepared under Spanish regulations (Circular 4/2017 of 
the Bank of Spain, and following other regulatory requirements of financial information applicable to the Bank). The Bank uses the 
cost method to account in its separate financial statements for its investments in subsidiaries, associates and joint venture entities, 
which are consistent with the requirements of the Bank of Spain´s Circular 4/2017.
Appendix IX shows BBVA’s separate financial statements as of and for the years ended December 31, 2024 and 2023.
2.2
Accounting principles and policies and applied valuation methods
The accounting principles and policies and the valuation methods applied in the preparation of the consolidated financial statements 
may differ from those used, at the individual level, by some of the entities that are part of the BBVA Group; This is why, in the 
consolidation process, the necessary adjustments and reclassifications are made to standardize such principles and criteria among 
themselves and bring them into line with the EU-IFRS.
In preparing the Consolidated Financial Statements, the following accounting principles and policies and assessment criteria have 
been applied:
2.2.1
Financial instruments
On January 1, 2018, IFRS 9 came into force, replacing IAS 39 regarding the classification and measurement of financial assets and 
liabilities, credit impairment and hedge accounting. At that time, the Group chose to continue applying IAS 39 for hedge accounting, 
as permitted by IFRS 9. However, the Group has determined to apply the requirements of IFRS 9 to hedge accounting from January 1, 
Consolidated Financial Statements Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
19
Translation of the Consolidated Financial Statements originally issued in Spanish and prepared in accordance with EU-IFRS, as adopted 
by the European Union (see Notes 1 to 56). In the event of a discrepancy, the Spanish-language version prevails

2025. This change in accounting policy applicable to hedging relationships had no significant impact on the Group 's Consolidated 
Financial Statements as of the date of its implementation.
Classification and measurement of financial assets
Classification of financial assets
IFRS 9 contains three main categories for financial assets classification: measured at amortized cost, measured at fair value with 
changes through other comprehensive income, and measured at fair value through profit or loss.
The classification of financial instruments in the categories of amortized cost or fair value depends on the business model with which 
the entity manages the assets and the contractual characteristics of the cash flows, commonly known as the "solely payments of 
principal and interest" criterion (hereinafter the "SPPI").
The assessment of the business model should reflect the way the Group manages groups of financial assets and does not depend on 
the intention for an individual instrument. Thus, for each entity within the BBVA Group there are different business models for 
managing assets.
In order to determine the business model, the following aspects are taken into account:
–
The way in which the performance of the business model (and that of the assets which comprise such business model) is 
evaluated and reported to the entity's key personnel.
–
The risks and their management, which affect the performance of the business model.
–
The way in which business model managers are remunerated.
–
The frequency, amount and timing of sales in previous years, the reasons for such sales and expectations regarding future 
sales.
In this sense, the Group has established policies and has developed procedures in each geographical area to determine when the 
sales of financial assets classified in the amortized cost category are considered infrequent (even when significant), or are 
insignificant (even when frequent), to ensure compliance with such business model.
Furthermore, it is considered that any sales that may occur because the financial asset is close to maturity, due to an increase in 
credit risk, or to satisfy liquidity needs, are compatible with the amortized cost model.
Regarding the SPPI test, the analysis of the cash flows aims to determine whether the contractual cash flows of the assets correspond 
only to payments of principal and interest on the principal amount outstanding at the beginning of the transaction. Interest is 
understood here as the consideration for the time value of money; and for the credit risk associated with the principal amount 
outstanding during a specific period; and for financing and structure costs, plus a profit margin.
The most significant judgments used by the Group in evaluating compliance with the conditions of the SPPI test are the following:
–
Modified time value: in the event that a financial asset includes a periodic interest rate adjustment but the frequency of this 
adjustment does not coincide with the term of the reference interest rate (for example, the interest rate reset every six 
months to a one-year rate), the Group assesses, at the time of the initial recognition, this mismatch to determine whether 
the contractual cash flows (undiscounted) differ significantly or not from the cash flows (undiscounted) of a benchmark 
financial asset, for which there would be no change in the time value of money. The defined tolerance thresholds are 10% for 
the differences in each period and 5% for the analysis accumulated throughout the financial asset life.
–
Contractual clauses: the contractual clauses that can modify the calendar or the amount of the contractual cash flows are 
analyzed to verify if the contractual cash flows that would be generated during the life of the instrument due to the exercise 
of those clauses are only payments of principal and interest on the principal amount outstanding. To do this, the contractual 
cash flows that may be generated before and after the modification are analyzed.
The main criteria taken into account in the analysis are:
a.
Early termination clauses: generally, a contractual clause that permits the debtor to prepay a debt instrument 
before maturity is consistent with SPPI when the prepayment amount substantially represents unpaid 
amounts of principal and interest on the principal amount outstanding (which may include reasonable 
additional compensation for the early termination of the contract).
b.
Instruments with an interest rate linked to contingent events:
–
An instrument whose interest rate is reset to a higher rate if the debtor misses a particular payment may 
meet the SPPI criterion because of the relationship between missed payments and an increase in credit 
risk.
Consolidated Financial Statements Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
20
Translation of the Consolidated Financial Statements originally issued in Spanish and prepared in accordance with EU-IFRS, as adopted 
by the European Union (see Notes 1 to 56). In the event of a discrepancy, the Spanish-language version prevails

–
An instrument with contractual cash flows that are indexed to the debtor’s performance – e.g. net 
income or is adjusted based on a certain index or stock market value would not meet the SPPI criterion.
c.
Perpetual instruments: to the extent that they can be considered instruments with continuous (multiple) 
extension options, they meet the SPPI test if the contractual flows meet it. When the issuer can defer the 
payment of interest, if such payment would affect their solvency, they would meet the SPPI test if the deferred 
interest accrues additional interest, while if they do not, they would not meet the test.
–
Non-recourse financial instruments: In the case of debt instruments that are repaid primarily with the cash flows of specific 
assets or projects and the debtor has no legal responsibility, the underlying assets or cash flows are evaluated to determine 
whether the contractual cash flows of the instrument are consistent with payments of principal and interest on the principal 
amount outstanding.
a.
If the contractual terms do not give rise to additional cash flows to payments of principal and interest on the 
amount of principal outstanding or limitations to these payments, the SPPI test is met.
b.
If the debt instrument effectively represents an investment in the underlying assets and its cash flows are 
inconsistent with principal and interest (because they depend on the performance of a business), the SPPI 
test is not met.
–
Contractually linked instruments: a look-through analysis is carried out in the case of transactions that are set through the 
issuance of multiple financial instruments forming tranches that create concentrations of credit risk in which there is an 
order of priority that specifies how the flows of cash generated by the underlying set of financial instruments are allocated 
to the different tranches. The debt tranches of the instrument will comply with the requirement that their cash flows 
represent only payment of principal and interest on the outstanding principal if:
a.
the contractual terms of the tranche being assessed for classification (without looking through to the 
underlying pool of financial instruments) give rise to cash flows that are solely payments of principal and 
interest on the principal amount outstanding;
b.
the underlying pool of financial instruments comprises instruments with cash flow that are solely payments of 
principal and interest on the principal amount outstanding; and
c.
the exposure to credit risk in the underlying pool of financial instruments inherent in the tranche is equal to or 
lower than the exposure to credit risk of the underlying pool of financial instruments (for example, the credit 
rating of the tranche being assessed for classification is equal to or higher than the credit rating that would 
apply to a single tranche that funded the underlying pool of financial instruments).
In any event, the contractual conditions that, at the time of the initial recognition, have a minimal effect on cash flows or depend on 
the occurrence of exceptional and highly unlikely events do not prevent compliance with the conditions of the SPPI test.
In the specific case of loans granted by the BBVA Group where the financial remuneration is linked to the compliance with certain 
environmental, social and governance (hereinafter "ESG") conditions and criteria, the Group considers that the impact of compliance 
with the ESG criteria on the interest rate applied to the transactions is very limited and, therefore, meets the condition that it has a 
minimal effect on cash flows. Therefore, the existence of these ESG-linked clauses would not entail non-compliance with the 
aforementioned SPP test.
Based on the above characteristics, financial assets will be classified and valued as described below.
A debt instrument will be classified in the amortized cost portfolio if the two following conditions are fulfilled:
–
the financial asset is managed within a business model whose purpose is to maintain the financial assets to maturity, to 
receive contractual cash flows; and
–
the contractual conditions of the financial asset give rise to cash flows that are only payments of principal and interest.
A debt instrument will be classified in the portfolio of financial assets at fair value with changes through other comprehensive income 
if the two following conditions are fulfilled:
–
the financial asset is managed with a business model whose purpose combines collection of the contractual cash flows and 
sale of the assets; and
–
the contractual characteristics of the instrument generate cash flows which only represent the return of the principal and 
interest.
A debt instrument will be classified at fair value with changes in profit and loss provided that the entity's business model for their 
management or the contractual characteristics of its cash flows do not require classification into one of the portfolios described 
above.
Consolidated Financial Statements Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
21
Translation of the Consolidated Financial Statements originally issued in Spanish and prepared in accordance with EU-IFRS, as adopted 
by the European Union (see Notes 1 to 56). In the event of a discrepancy, the Spanish-language version prevails

In general, equity instruments will be measured at fair value through profit or loss. However the Group may make an irrevocable 
election, at initial recognition to present subsequent changes in the fair value through “other comprehensive income”.
Financial assets will only be reclassified when BBVA Group decides to change the business model. In this case, all of the financial 
assets assigned to this business model will be reclassified. The change of the objective of the business model should occur before the 
date of the reclassification.
Measurement of financial assets
All financial instruments are initially recognized at fair value, plus, those transaction costs which are directly attributable to the issue 
of the particular instrument, with the exception of those financial assets which are classified at fair value through profit or loss. 
All changes in the value of financial assets due to the interest accrual and similar items are recorded in the headings "Interest and 
other income" or "Interest expense", of the consolidated income statement of the year in which the accrual occurred (see Note 37), 
except for trading derivatives that are not economic and accounting hedges.
The changes in fair value after the initial recognition, for reasons other than those mentioned in the preceding paragraph, are treated 
as described below, according to the categories of financial assets.
“Financial assets held for trading”, “Non-trading financial assets mandatorily at fair value through profit or loss” and 
“Financial assets designated at fair value through profit or loss”
Financial assets are recorded under the heading “Financial assets held for trading” if the objective of the business model is to 
generate gains by buying and selling these financial instruments or to generate short-term results. The financial assets recorded in 
the heading “Non-trading financial assets mandatorily at fair value through profit or loss" either have contractual cash flows that do 
not met the conditions of the SPPI test, or are not covered by a business model whose objective is either (i) to hold financial assets to 
collect contractual cash flows or (ii) achieved by collecting contractual cash flows and selling financial assets. Financial assets are 
classified in “Financial assets designated at fair value through profit or loss” only if such classification eliminates or significantly 
reduces a measurement or recognition inconsistency that would otherwise arise from recognizing or measuring such financial assets 
on different bases.
The assets recognized under these headings of the consolidated balance sheet are measured upon acquisition at fair value and 
changes in the fair value (gains or losses and foreign exchange differences) are recognized as their net value, when applicable, under 
the headings “Gains (losses) on financial assets and liabilities held for trading, net”, “Gains (losses) on non-trading financial assets 
mandatorily at fair value through profit or loss, net” and “Gains (losses) on financial assets designated at fair value through profit or 
loss, net” in the consolidated income statement (see Note 41).
"Financial assets at fair value through other comprehensive income”
–
Debt instruments
Assets recognized under this heading in the consolidated balance sheets are measured at their fair value. This category of valuation 
implies the recognition of the information in the income statement as if it were an instrument valued at amortized cost, while the 
instrument is valued at fair value in the balance sheet. Thus, both interest income on these instruments and the exchange differences 
and impairment that arise in their case are recorded in the profit and loss account, while subsequent changes in its fair value (gains or 
losses) are recognized temporarily (by the amount net of tax effect) under the heading “Accumulated other comprehensive income 
(loss) - Items that may be reclassified to profit or loss - Fair value changes of debt instruments measured at fair value through other 
comprehensive income” in the consolidated balance sheets (see Note 30).
The amounts recognized under the headings “Accumulated other comprehensive income (loss) - Items that may be reclassified to 
profit or loss - Fair value changes of debt instruments measured at fair value through other comprehensive income” continue to form 
part of the Group's consolidated equity until the corresponding asset is derecognized from the consolidated balance sheet or until a 
loss allowance is recognized on the corresponding financial instrument. If these assets are sold, these amounts are derecognized and 
included under the headings “Gains (losses) on derecognition of financial assets and liabilities not measured at fair value through 
profit or loss, net” in the consolidated income statements (see Note 41).
The net loss allowances in “Financial assets at fair value through other comprehensive income” over the year are recognized under 
the heading “Impairment or reversal of impairment on financial assets not measured at fair value through profit or loss or net gains by 
modification - Financial assets at fair value through other comprehensive income” (see Note 47) in the consolidated income 
statement for the year. Interest income on these instruments is recorded in the consolidated profit and loss account (see Note 37). 
Changes in foreign exchange rates are recognized under the heading “Exchange differences, net" in the consolidated income 
statements (see Note 41).
–
Equity instruments
At the time of initial recognition of specific investments in equity instruments, the BBVA Group may make the irrevocable decision to 
present subsequent changes in fair value in other comprehensive income. Subsequent changes in this valuation will be recognized in 
"Accumulated other comprehensive income - Items that will not be reclassified to profit or loss - Fair value changes of equity 
instruments measured at fair value through other comprehensive income" (see Note 30). Dividends received from these investments 
Consolidated Financial Statements Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
22
Translation of the Consolidated Financial Statements originally issued in Spanish and prepared in accordance with EU-IFRS, as adopted 
by the European Union (see Notes 1 to 56). In the event of a discrepancy, the Spanish-language version prevails

are recorded in the heading "Dividend income" in the consolidated income statement (see Note 38). These instruments are not 
subject to the impairment model of IFRS 9.
“Financial assets at amortized cost”
The assets under this category are subsequently measured at amortized cost, after initial recognition, using the "effective interest 
rate" method. In the case of floating rate instruments, including inflation-linked bonds, the periodic updates of cash flows to reflect the 
movement of interest rates and inflation impact the effective interest rate prospectively.
Net loss allowances of assets recorded under these headings arising in each year, calculated using the IFRS 9 model, are recognized 
under the heading “Impairment or reversal of impairment on financial assets not measured at fair value through profit or loss or net 
gains by modification – Financial assets measured at amortized cost” in the consolidated income statement for such year (see Note 
47).
Classification and measurement of financial liabilities
Classification of financial liabilities
Financial liabilities are classified in the following categories:
–
financial liabilities at amortized cost;
–
financial liabilities that are held for trading, including derivatives, are financial instruments which are recorded in this 
category when the Group’s objective is to generate gains by buying and selling these financial instruments or generate 
short-term results; and
–
financial liabilities that are designated at fair value through profit or loss on initial recognition under the Fair Value Option. 
The Group has the option to designate irrevocably, on the initial moment of recognition, a financial liability at fair value 
through profit or loss provided that doing so results in the elimination or significant reduction of measurement or 
recognition inconsistency, or if a group of financial liabilities, or a group of financial assets and financial liabilities, has to be 
managed, and its performance evaluated, on a fair value basis in accordance with a documented risk management or 
investment strategy.
Measurement of financial liabilities
Financial liabilities are initially recorded at fair value, less transaction costs that are directly attributable to the issuance of 
instruments, except for financial instruments that are classified at fair value through profit or loss.
Variations in the value of financial liabilities due to the interest accrual and similar items are recorded in the headings “Interest and 
other income” or “Interest expense”, of the consolidated income statement for the year in which the accrual occurred (see Note 37), 
except for trading derivatives that are not economic and accounting hedges.
The changes in fair value after the initial recognition, for reasons other than those mentioned in the preceding paragraph, are treated 
as described below, according to the categories of financial liabilities.
“Financial liabilities held for trading” and “Financial liabilities designated at fair value through profit or loss“
The subsequent changes in the fair value (gains or losses) of the liabilities recognized under these headings of the consolidated 
balance sheets are recognized as their net value under the headings “Gains (losses) on financial assets and liabilities held for trading, 
net” and “Gains (losses) on financial assets and liabilities designated at fair value through profit or loss, net” in the consolidated 
income statements (see Note 41). The changes in the own credit risk of the liabilities designated under the fair value option is 
presented in “Accumulated other comprehensive income (loss) – Items that will not be reclassified to profit or loss – Fair value 
changes of financial liabilities at fair value through profit or loss attributable to changes in their credit risk”, unless this treatment 
brings about or increases an asymmetry in the income statement.
“Financial liabilities at amortized cost”
The liabilities under this category are subsequently measured at amortized cost, using the “effective interest rate” method.
“Hybrid financial liabilities”
When a financial liability contains an embedded derivative, the Group analyzes whether the economic characteristics and risks of the 
embedded derivative and the host instrument are closely related.
If the characteristics and risks of the host and the derivative are closely related, the instrument as a whole will be classified and 
measured according to the general rules for financial liabilities. If, on the other hand, the economic characteristics and risks of the 
embedded derivative are not closely related to the economic characteristics and risks of the host, its terms meet the definition of a 
derivative and the hybrid contract is not measured at fair value with changes in fair value recognized in profit or loss, the embedded 
derivative shall be separated from the host and accounted for as a derivative separately at fair value with changes in profit and loss 
and the host instrument classified and measured according to its nature.
Consolidated Financial Statements Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
23
Translation of the Consolidated Financial Statements originally issued in Spanish and prepared in accordance with EU-IFRS, as adopted 
by the European Union (see Notes 1 to 56). In the event of a discrepancy, the Spanish-language version prevails

“Derivatives – Hedge Accounting” and “Fair value changes of the hedged items in portfolio hedges of 
interest-rate risk”
The Group uses hedging derivatives as a tool for managing financial risks, mainly interest rates and exchange rates (see Note 7).
When these transactions meet certain requirements, they are considered "hedging instruments".
Hedging financial derivatives are used to hedge changes in the value of assets and liabilities, changes in cash flows, or the net 
investment in a foreign business. Fair value hedging is established for fixed rate financial instruments, and cash flow hedges are used 
for variable rate financial instruments. The Group also carries out exchange risk hedging operations.
In some hedging relationships, the Group additionally designates inflation risk as a contractually specified component in a debt 
instrument (for example, inflation-referenced bonds).
Hedge accounting follows IAS 39, and the effectiveness of hedges is evaluated both retrospectively and prospectively, so that they 
remain within a range between 80% and 125%. The ineffectiveness of hedges, defined as the difference between the change in value 
of the hedging instrument and the hedged item in each period, attributable to the hedged risk, is recognized in the income statement. 
This includes both the amount of the ineffectiveness of the hedges established to manage interest rate risk in the period, as well as 
the ineffectiveness of the hedges established to manage exchange risk, which is mainly attributable to the temporary value of hedges 
established to manage exchange rate risk (see Notes 15 and 41).
Changes occurring subsequent to the designation of the hedging relationship in the measurement of financial instruments designated 
as hedged items as well as financial instruments designated as hedge accounting instruments are recognized as follows:
–
In fair value hedges, the changes in the fair value of the derivative and the hedged item attributable to the hedged risk are 
recognized under the heading “Gains (losses) from hedge accounting, net” in the consolidated income statement, with a 
corresponding offset under the headings where hedging items ("Hedging derivatives") and the hedged items are 
recognized, as applicable, except for interest-rate risks hedges (which are almost all of the hedges used by the Group), for 
which the valuation changes are recognized under the headings “Interest and other income” or “Interest expense”, as 
appropriate, in the consolidated income statement (see Note 37).
–
In fair value hedges of interest rate risk of a portfolio of financial instruments (portfolio-hedges), the gains or losses that 
arise in the measurement of the hedging instrument are recognized in the consolidated income statement, with the 
corresponding offset on the headings “Derivatives-Hedge Accounting” and the gains or losses that arise from the change in 
the fair value of the hedged item (attributable to the hedged risk) are also recognized in the consolidated income statement 
(in both cases under the heading “Gains (losses) from hedge accounting, net”, using, as a corresponding offset, the 
headings "Fair value changes of the hedged items in portfolio hedges of interest rate risk" in the consolidated balance 
sheets, as applicable).
–
In cash flow hedges, the gain or loss on the hedging instruments relating to the effective portion is recognized temporarily 
under the heading “Accumulated other comprehensive income (loss) - Items that may be reclassified to profit or loss - 
Hedging derivatives. Cash flow hedges (effective portion)” in the consolidated balance sheets, with a corresponding offset 
under the heading “Hedging derivatives” of the assets or liabilities of the consolidated balance sheets as applicable. These 
differences are recognized in the consolidated income statement at the time the gains or losses of the hedged item are 
recorded in the income statement, at the time the forecast transaction is executed or at the maturity date of the hedged 
item. Almost all of the cash flow hedges carried out by the Group relate to interest rate risk and inflation risk of financial 
instruments, so their valuation changes are recognized under the heading "Interest and other income" or "Interest expense” 
in the consolidated income statement (see Note 37). 
–
The changes in value of the hedging items corresponding to the ineffective portions of cash flow hedges are recognized 
directly in the heading “Gains (losses) from hedge accounting, net” in the consolidated income statement (see Note 41).
–
In hedges of net investments in foreign businesses, the valuation changes attributable to the effective portions of hedging 
items are recognized temporarily under the heading "Accumulated other comprehensive income (loss) - Items that may be 
reclassified to profit or loss – Hedging of net investments in foreign operations (effective portion)" in the consolidated 
balance sheets with a corresponding offset under the heading “Hedging derivatives” of the assets or liabilities of the 
consolidated balance sheets, as applicable. These valuation changes will be recognized in the consolidated income 
statement when the investment in a foreign business is disposed of or derecognized (see Note 41).
Loss allowances on financial assets
The “expected losses” impairment model is applied to financial assets valued at amortized cost, debt instruments valued at fair value 
with changes in accumulated other comprehensive income, financial guarantee contracts and other commitments. All financial 
instruments valued at fair value through profit or loss are excluded from the impairment model.
The standard classifies financial instruments into three categories, which depend on the evolution of their credit risk from the 
moment of initial recognition and which establish the calculation of the credit risk allowance. 
Consolidated Financial Statements Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
24
Translation of the Consolidated Financial Statements originally issued in Spanish and prepared in accordance with EU-IFRS, as adopted 
by the European Union (see Notes 1 to 56). In the event of a discrepancy, the Spanish-language version prevails

–
Stage 1 – Without significant increase in credit risk
Financial assets which are not considered to have significantly increased in credit risk have loss allowances measured at an amount 
equal to the expected credit loss that arises from all possible default events within 12 months following the presentation date of the 
financial statements (12 month expected credit losses).
–
Stage 2 – Significant increases in credit risk
When the credit risk of a financial asset has increased significantly since the initial recognition, the loss allowances of that financial 
instrument is calculated as the expected credit loss during the entire life of the asset. That is, they are the expected credit losses that 
result from all possible default events during the expected life of the financial instrument.
–
Stage 3 – Impaired
When there is objective evidence that the instrument is credit-impaired, the financial asset is transferred to this category in which the 
provision for losses of that financial instrument is calculated, as in Stage 2, as the expected credit loss during the entire life of the 
asset.
When the recovery of any recognized amount is considered remote, such amount is written-off on the consolidated balance sheet, 
without prejudice to any actions that may be taken in order to collect the amount until the rights extinguish in full either because it is 
time-barred debt, the debt is forgiven, or other reasons.
The BBVA Group has applied the following definitions:
–
Credit-impaired asset
An asset is credit-impaired (stage 3) if one or more events have occurred and they have a detrimental impact on the estimated future 
cash flows of the asset.
The definition of impaired asset under IFRS 9 is currently aligned with that of default used by the Group both for internal credit risk 
management and for regulatory purposes, in accordance with the definitions established in the European Banking Authority 
(hereinafter "EBA") Guidelines and in Article 178 of Regulation (EU) No 575/2013 (CRR). This alignment facilitates the integration of 
both definitions in credit risk management, giving coherence and consistency in the processes.
The determination of an asset as impaired and its classification in stage 3 is based exclusively on the risk of default, without 
considering the effects of credit risk mitigating measures such as guarantees and collaterals. Specifically, the following financial 
assets are classified in stage 3:
a.
Impaired assets for objective reasons or delinquency: when there are unpaid amounts of principal or interest for more 
than 90 days.
According to IFRS 9, the 90-days past due default is a presumption that can be rebutted in those cases where the entity 
considers, based on reasonable and supportable information, that it is appropriate to use a longer term. As of December 
31, 2024, the Group has not used terms exceeding 90 days past due.
b.
Impaired assets for subjective reasons (other than delinquency): when circumstances are identified that show, even in the 
absence of defaults, that it is not probable that the debtor will fully comply with its financial obligations. For this purpose, 
the following indicators are considered, among others:
–
 Significant financial difficulties of the issuer or the borrower.
–
Granting by the lender or lenders to the borrower, for economic or contractual reasons related to the latter's 
financial difficulties, of concessions or advantages that they would not have otherwise granted.
–
Breach of contractual clauses, such as events of default or default.
–
Increasing probability that the borrower will go into bankruptcy or some other situation of financial 
reorganization.
–
Disappearance of an active market for the financial asset due to financial difficulties.
–
Others that may affect the committed cash flows such as the loss of the debtor's license or that it has 
committed fraud.
–
Generalized delay in payments. In any case, this circumstance exists when, during a continuous period of 90 
days prior to the reporting date, a material amount has remained unpaid.
–
Sales of credit exposures of a client with a significant economic loss will imply that the rest of its operations 
are considered impaired.
Consolidated Financial Statements Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
25
Translation of the Consolidated Financial Statements originally issued in Spanish and prepared in accordance with EU-IFRS, as adopted 
by the European Union (see Notes 1 to 56). In the event of a discrepancy, the Spanish-language version prevails

Relating to the granting of concessions due to financial difficulties, it is considered that there is an indicator of unlikeliness 
to pay, and therefore the client must be considered impaired, when the refinancing or restructuring measures may result in 
a diminished financial obligation caused by a forgiveness or material deferral of principal, interest or fees. Specifically, 
unless proven otherwise, transactions that meet any of the following criteria will be reclassified to the category of impaired 
assets:
a.
Irregular repayment schedule.
b.
Contractual clauses that delay the repayment of the loan through regular payments. Among others, grace 
periods of more than two years for the amortization of the principal will be considered clauses with these 
characteristics.
c.
Amounts of principal or interest written off from the balance sheet as its recovery is considered remote.
In any case, a restructuring will be considered impaired when the reduction in the net present value of the financial obligation is 
greater than 1%.
Credit risk management for wholesale counterparties is carried out at the customer (or group) level. For this reason, the classification 
of any of a client's material exposures as impaired, whether due to more than 90 days of default or due to any of the subjective 
criteria, implies the classification as impaired of all the client's exposures. 
Regarding retail clients, which are managed at the individual loan level, the scoring systems review their score, among other factors, 
in the event of a breach in any of their operations or incurring generalized delays in payments, which also triggers the necessary 
recovery actions. Among them are the refinancing measures that, where appropriate, may lead to all the client's operations being 
considered impaired. Furthermore, given the granularity of the retail portfolios, the differential behavior of these clients in relation to 
their products and collateral provided, as well as the time necessary to find the best solution, the Group has established as an 
indicator that when a transaction of a retail client is in default in excess of 90 days or shows a general delay in payments and this 
represents more than 20% of the client's total balance, all its transactions are considered impaired.
When operations by entities related to the client fall into stage 3, including both entities of the same group and those with which there 
is a relationship of economic or financial dependence, the transactions of the holder will also be classified as stage 3 if after the 
analysis it is concluded that there are reasonable doubts about the full payment of the loans.
The stage 3 classification will be maintained for a cure period of 3 months from the disappearance of all indicators of impairment 
during which the client must demonstrate good payment behavior and an improvement in their credit quality in order to corroborate 
the disappearance of the causes that motivated the classification of the debt as impaired. In the case of refinancing and restructuring, 
the cure period is one year (see Note 7.2.7 for more details).
These criteria are aligned in all the geographical areas of the Group, maintaining only minor differences to facilitate the integration of 
management at the local level.
–
Significant increase in credit risk 
The objective of the impairment requirements is to recognize lifetime expected credit losses for financial instruments for which there 
have been significant increases in credit risk since initial recognition considering all reasonable and supportable information, including 
that which is forward-looking. 
The model developed by the Group for assessing the significant increase in credit risk has a two-prong approach that is applied 
globally (for more detail on the methodology used, see Note 7.2.1):
–
Quantitative criterion: the Group uses a quantitative analysis based on comparing the current expected probability of 
default over the life of the transaction with the original adjusted expected probability of default, so that both values are 
comparable in terms of expected default probability for their residual life. 
–
Qualitative criterion: most indicators for detecting significant risk increase are included in the Group's systems through 
rating and scoring systems or macroeconomic scenarios, so the quantitative analysis covers the majority of circumstances. 
The Group uses additional qualitative criteria to identify significant increase in credit risk and thus, to include circumstances 
that are not reflected in the rating/score systems or macroeconomic scenarios used. Such qualitative criteria are the 
following:
a.
More than 30 days past due. According to IFRS 9, default of more than 30 days is a presumption that can be 
rebutted in those cases in which the entity considers, based on reasonable and documented information, that 
such non-payment does not represent a significant increase in risk. As of December 31, 2024, the Group has not 
considered periods higher than 30 days.
b.
Watch List: They are subject to special watch by the Risk units because they show negative signs in their credit 
quality, even though there may be no objective evidence of impairment.
Consolidated Financial Statements Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
26
Translation of the Consolidated Financial Statements originally issued in Spanish and prepared in accordance with EU-IFRS, as adopted 
by the European Union (see Notes 1 to 56). In the event of a discrepancy, the Spanish-language version prevails

c.
Refinance or restructuring that does not show evidence of impairment, or that, having been previously identified, 
the existence of significant increase in credit risk may still exist.
Although the standard introduces a series of operational simplifications, also known as practical solutions, for analyzing the increase 
in significant risk, the Group does not use them as a general rule. However, for high-quality assets, mainly related to certain 
government institutions and bodies, the standard allows for considering that their credit risk has not increased significantly because 
they have a low credit risk at the presentation date. This possibility is limited to those financial instruments that are classified as 
having high credit quality and to contracts with a current annualized probability of default (PD) of less than 0.3%. This does not 
prevent these assets from being assigned the credit risk coverage that corresponds to their classification as stage 1 based on their 
credit rating and macroeconomic expectations.
Method for calculating Expected Credit Loss (ECL)
Method for calculating expected loss
The measurement of expected losses must reflect:
–
a considered and unbiased amount, determined by evaluating a range of possible results;
–
the time value of money; and
–
reasonable and supportable information that is available without undue cost or effort and that reflects current conditions 
and forecasts of future economic conditions.
Expected losses are measured both individually and collectively.
The individualized estimate of credit losses results from calculating the difference between the expected cash flows discounted at the 
effective interest rate of the transaction and the carrying amount of the instrument (see Note 7.2.1).
For the collective measurement of expected losses the instruments are classified into groups of assets based on their risk 
characteristics. Exposure within each group is grouped according to credit risk common characteristics, which indicate the payment 
capacity of the borrower according to the contractual conditions. These risk characteristics have to be relevant in estimating the 
future flows of each group. The characteristics of credit risk may consider, among others, the following factors (see Note 7.2.1):
–
Type of instrument.
–
Rating or scoring tools.
–
Credit risk scoring or rating.
–
Type of collateral.
–
Amount of time at default for stage 3.
–
Segment.
–
Qualitative criteria which can have a significant increase in risk.
–
Collateral value if it has an impact on the probability of a default event.
The estimated losses are derived from the following parameters:
–
PD: estimate of the probability of default in each period.
–
EAD: estimate of the exposure in case of default at each future period, taking into account the changes in exposure after the 
closing date of the financial statements. 
–
LGD: estimate of the loss in case of default, calculated as the difference between the contractual cash flows and receivables, 
including guarantees. For these purposes, the probability of executing the guarantee, the moment until its ownership and 
subsequent realization are achieved, the expected cash flows and the acquisition and sale costs, are considered in the 
estimation.
–
CCF: cash conversion factor is the estimate made on off-balance sheet contractual arrangements to determine the 
exposure subject to credit risk in the event of a default.
At the BBVA Group, the calculated expected credit losses are based on internal models developed for all portfolios within the IFRS 9 
scope, except for the cases that are subject to individual analysis.
The calculation and recognition of expected credit losses includes exposures with governments and credit institutions, for which, 
despite having a reduced number of defaults in the information databases, internal models have been developed, considering, as 
Consolidated Financial Statements Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
27
Translation of the Consolidated Financial Statements originally issued in Spanish and prepared in accordance with EU-IFRS, as adopted 
by the European Union (see Notes 1 to 56). In the event of a discrepancy, the Spanish-language version prevails

sources of information, the data provided by external rating agencies or other observed in the market, such as changes in bond yields, 
prices of credit default swaps or any other public information on them.
Use of present, past and future information
IFRS 9 requires incorporation of present, past and future information to detect any significant increase in risk and measure expected 
loss, which must be carried out on a weighted probability basis.
The standard does not require identification of all possible scenarios for measuring expected loss. However, the probability of a loss 
event occurring and the probability it will not occur have to be considered, even though the possibility of a loss may be very low. To 
achieve this, the Group generally evaluates the linear relationship between its estimated loss parameters (PD, LGD and EAD) with the 
historical and future forecasts of the macroeconomic scenarios. 
Additionally, when there is no linear relation between the different future economic scenarios and their associated expected losses, 
more than one future economic scenario must be used for the measurement.
The approach taken by the Group consists of using a methodology based on the use of three scenarios. The first is the most probable 
scenario (base scenario) that is consistent with that used in the Group's internal management processes, and two additional ones, 
one more positive and the other more negative. The combined outcome of these three scenarios is calculated considering the weight 
given to each of them. The main macroeconomic variables that are valued in each of the scenarios for each of the geographical areas 
in which the Group operates are the Gross Domestic Product (hereinafter "GDP"), the real estate price index, interest rates and the 
unemployment rate. The main goal of the Group's approach is seeking the greatest predictive capacity with respect to the first two 
variables (see Note 7.2.1).
Derecognition of the balance due to impairment on financial assets (write-offs)
Debt instruments are classified as written-off once, after being analyzed, it is reasonably considered that their recovery is remote due 
to the notorious and irrecoverable deterioration of the solvency of the holder of the operation. 
Based on their procedures and particularities, the Group entities recognize operations as a write-off where, following their analysis, 
there are no reasonable expectations of recovery of the debt, taking into account aspects such as: the time elapsed since the 
classification as doubtful operations due to delinquency, the coverage levels achieved, type of portfolio or product, bankruptcy status 
of the holder and the existence of guarantees, their valuation and execution capacity. In those cases where the guarantee is 
significant, there is the possibility of making partial write-offs on the non-guaranteed portion.
The classification of an operation as written-off, entails the recognition of losses for the carrying amount of the related debt and 
results in a derecognition in the same amount from the balance sheet (see Note 7.2.5).
2.2.2
Transfers and derecognition of financial assets and liabilities 
The accounting treatment of transfers of financial assets is determined by the form in which risks and benefits associated with the 
financial assets involved are transferred to third parties. Financial assets are only derecognized from the consolidated balance sheet 
when the cash flows that they generate are extinguished, when their implicit risks and benefits have been substantially transferred to 
third parties or when the control of financial asset is transferred even in case of no physical transfer or substantial retention of such 
assets. In the latter case, the financial asset transferred is derecognized from the consolidated balance sheet, and any right or 
obligation retained or created as a result of the transfer is simultaneously recognized.
Similarly, financial liabilities are derecognized from the consolidated balance sheet only if their obligations are extinguished or 
acquired (with a view to subsequent cancellation or renewed placement).
The Group is considered to have transferred substantially all the risks and benefits if such risks and benefits account for the majority 
of the risks and benefits involved in ownership of the transferred financial assets.
Treatment of securitizations
The securitizations funds to which the Group entities transfer their credit portfolios are consolidated entities of the Group. For more 
information, refer to Note 2.1 “Principles of consolidation”.
The Group considers that the risks and benefits of the securitizations are substantially retained if the subordinated bonds are held 
and/ or if subordination funding has been granted to those securitization funds, which means that the credit loss risk of the 
securitized assets will be assumed. Consequently, the Group is not derecognizing those transferred loan portfolios.
Synthetic securitizations are transactions where risk is transferred through derivatives or financial guarantees and in which the 
exposure of these securitizations remains in the balance sheet of the Group. The Group has established the synthetic securitizations 
through received financial guarantees. As for the commissions paid, they are accrued during the term of the financial guarantee.
Consolidated Financial Statements Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
28
Translation of the Consolidated Financial Statements originally issued in Spanish and prepared in accordance with EU-IFRS, as adopted 
by the European Union (see Notes 1 to 56). In the event of a discrepancy, the Spanish-language version prevails

2.2.3
Financial guarantees
Financial guarantees are considered to be those contracts that require their issuer to make specific payments to reimburse the holder 
of the financial guarantee for a loss incurred when a specific borrower breaches its payment obligations on the terms – whether 
original or subsequently modified – of a debt instrument, irrespective of the legal form it may take. Financial guarantees may take the 
form of a deposit, bank guarantee, insurance contract or credit derivative, among others.
In their initial recognition, financial guarantees are recognized as liabilities in the consolidated balance sheet at fair value, which is 
generally the present value of the fees, commissions and interest receivable from these contracts over the term thereof, and the 
Group simultaneously recognizes a corresponding asset in the consolidated balance sheet for the amount of the fees and 
commissions received at the inception of the transactions and the amounts receivable at the present value of the fees, commissions 
and interest outstanding.
Financial guarantees, irrespective of the guarantor, instrumentation or other circumstances, are reviewed periodically so as to 
determine the credit risk to which they are exposed and, if appropriate, to consider whether a provision is required for them. The 
credit risk is determined by application of criteria similar to those established for quantifying loss allowances on debt instruments 
measured at amortized cost (see Note 2.2.1).
The provisions recognized for financial guarantees are recognized under the heading “Provisions - Provisions for contingent risks and 
commitments” on the liability side in the consolidated balance sheets (see Note 24). These provisions are recognized and reversed 
with a charge or credit, respectively to “Provisions or reversal of provision” in the consolidated income statements (see Note 46).
Income from financial guarantees is recorded under the heading “Fee and commission income” in the consolidated income statement 
and is calculated by applying the rate established in the related contract to the nominal amount of the guarantee (see Note 40).
Synthetic securitizations made by the Group to date meet the requirements of the accounting regulations for accounting as 
guarantees.
2.2.4
Tangible Assets
Tangible assets are classified according to their nature:
–
Property, plant and equipment for own use
This heading includes the assets under ownership or acquired under lease terms (right to use), intended for future or current use by 
the Group and that it expects to hold for more than one year. It also includes tangible assets received by the Group in full or partial 
settlement of receivables from third parties which are expected to be held for continuing use.
–
Investment properties
Includes the value of land, buildings and other structures that are held either for rental or for capital gain on sale, and which are not 
expected to be used in the ordinary course of business and are not intended for own use. 
–
Assets leased out under an operating lease
Includes assets for which the Group has granted the right of use to another company through an operating lease contract.
In general, and as an accounting policy option, tangible assets are recorded in the balance sheets under the cost model, i.e., at 
acquisition cost, less the related accumulated depreciation and, if applicable, the estimated impairment losses resulting from 
comparing the net book value of each item with its corresponding recoverable value (see Note 17).
The Group uses the straight-line method to calculate depreciation over the estimated useful life of the asset. The depreciation charge 
for tangible assets is recorded under "Depreciation and amortization" in the income statement (see Note 45) and is the result of using 
the following depreciation rates:
General depreciation rates for tangible assets
Type of assets
Annual Percentage
Buildings for own use
1% - 4%
Furniture
8% - 10%
Fixtures
6% - 12%
Office supplies and hardware
8% - 25%
Lease use rights
The lesser of the lease term or the useful life of the underlying asset
At each reporting date, the Group analyzes whether there are indicators that a tangible asset may be impaired and, if any, adjusts the 
carrying amount to its recoverable amount, modifying future depreciation charges in accordance with its revised remaining useful life. 
Similarly, if there is indication that the value of a tangible asset that was previously impaired has been recovered, the Group estimates 
the recoverable amount of the asset and recognizes in the income statement the reversal of the impairment loss recognized in 
Consolidated Financial Statements Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
29
Translation of the Consolidated Financial Statements originally issued in Spanish and prepared in accordance with EU-IFRS, as adopted 
by the European Union (see Notes 1 to 56). In the event of a discrepancy, the Spanish-language version prevails

previous years and thus, adjusts the future depreciation charges. Any impairment or reversal of impairment will be recognized with 
the offsetting entry recorded to the heading “Impairment or reversal of impairment of non-financial assets - Intangible assets” of the 
consolidated income statement (see Note 49).
In the BBVA Group, most of the buildings held for own use are assigned to the different Cash Generating Units (hereinafter "CGUs") to 
which they belong. The corresponding impairment analyses are performed for these CGUs to determine whether sufficient cash flows 
are generated to support the value of the assets comprised within such CGUs.
Operating and maintenance expenses relating to tangible assets for own use are recognized in the year in which they are incurred 
under "Administrative expenses - Property, plant and equipment" in the income statement (see Note 44.2).
Additionally, for those geographical areas with subsidiaries where the Group applies IAS 29 "Financial Reporting in Hyperinflationary 
Economies", this type of asset is adjusted, at each balance sheet date, to show variations in the purchasing power of the currency due 
to inflation from the date of acquisition or inclusion in the consolidated balance sheet (see Note 2.2.18).
2.2.5
Leases
In general, the Group will record assets and liabilities for lease contracts by recording a right of use (right to use the leased asset) 
under ''Tangible assets - Property, plant and equipment'' and ''Tangible assets - Investment property'' (see Note 17), and a lease 
liability (its obligation to make lease payments) under ''Financial liabilities at amortized cost - Other financial liabilities'' (see Note 
22.5). The BBVA Group applies two exceptions in the case of short-term leases and leases whose underlying asset is of low value. In 
these cases, lease payments are recognized under "Other operating expense" (see Note 42) in the consolidated income statement 
over the term of the lease.
At the initial date of the lease, the lease liability is equal to the present value of all lease unpaid payments. Subsequently, it is valued at 
amortized cost.
The right to use assets is initially recorded at cost and is subsequently reduced by accumulated amortization and accumulated 
impairment. The Group has decided to calculate depreciation using the straight-line method. Depreciation of tangible assets is 
recorded under "Depreciation and amortization" in the consolidated statement of income (see Note 45).
The interest expense on the lease liability is recorded under the heading “Interest expense” (see Note 37.2). Variable payments not 
included in the initial measurement of the lease liability are recorded under the heading “Administration costs – Other administrative 
expense” (see Note 44.2).
Operating lease and sublease incomes are recognized in the consolidated income statements under the headings “Other operating 
income” (see Note 42).
On the other hand, when the Group acts as a lessor, it classifies leases as finance or operating leases. 
In finance leases, the sum of the present values of the amounts received plus the guaranteed residual value is recorded as financing 
provided to third parties and is included under "Financial assets at amortized cost" in the consolidated balance sheet (see Note 14).
In operating leases, the acquisition cost of the leased assets is presented under "Tangible assets - Property, plant and equipment - 
Assigned under operating leases" in the consolidated balance sheet (see Note 17). These assets are depreciated in accordance with 
the policies adopted for similar tangible assets for own use and the income and expenses arising from the lease contracts are 
recognized in the consolidated income statement on a straight-line basis under "Other operating income" and "Other operating 
expense", respectively (see Note 42).
If a fair value sale and leaseback results in a lease, the profit or loss generated from the effectively transferred part of the sale is 
recognized in the consolidated income statement at the time of sale (only for the effectively transmitted part). 
The assets leased out under operating lease contracts to other entities in the Group are treated in the consolidated financial 
statements as for own use, and thus rental expense and income is eliminated in consolidation and the corresponding depreciation is 
recognized.
Additionally, for those geographical areas with subsidiaries where the Group applies IAS 29 "Financial Reporting in Hyperinflationary 
Economies", this type of asset is being adjusted to show changes in the purchasing power of the currency due to inflation from the 
date of acquisition or inclusion in the consolidated balance sheet (see Note 2.2.18).
2.2.6
Non-current assets and disposal groups classified as held for sale and liabilities included in disposal 
groups classified as held for sale 
This heading includes the carrying amount of individual items or items integrated in a group ("disposal group") or that form part of a 
significant business line or geographical area that is intended to be disposed of (“discontinued operation”) whose sale is highly 
probable to take place under the current conditions within a period of one year from the date to which the financial statements refer. 
Additionally, it includes assets that were expected to be disposed of within one year, but for which disposal there is a delay caused by 
events and circumstances beyond the Group's control, and there is sufficient evidence that the Group remains committed to its plan 
Consolidated Financial Statements Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
30
Translation of the Consolidated Financial Statements originally issued in Spanish and prepared in accordance with EU-IFRS, as adopted 
by the European Union (see Notes 1 to 56). In the event of a discrepancy, the Spanish-language version prevails

for sale (see Note 21), in particular, regarding real estate assets or other assets received to cancel, in whole or in part, the payment 
obligations of debtors for credit operations. These assets are not amortized as long as they remain in this category.
With respect to valuation, in general, foreclosed real estate assets or assets received in payment of debts are recognized both at the 
date of acquisition and subsequently, at the lower of their fair value less estimated costs to sell and their carrying amount, with the 
possibility of recognizing an impairment or reversal of impairment for the difference, if applicable. When the amount of the sale less 
estimated costs to sell exceeds the carrying amount, the gain is not recognized until the time of disposal and derecognition.
The applicable carrying value of the financial asset is updated at the time of foreclosure, treating the foreclosed property as collateral 
and taking into account the corresponding credit risk hedges at the time prior to delivery. The fair value of foreclosed assets is based 
mainly on appraisals or valuations performed by independent experts with a maximum age of one year, or less if there are indications 
of impairment; in addition, by appraisal, the need to apply a discount on the asset based on its specific conditions or market 
conditions for such type of assets is evaluated and, in any case, the entity’s estimated sale costs are deducted.
Gains/losses on disposal of these assets and impairment losses are recognized under "Gains (losses) on non-current assets and 
disposal groups classified as held for sale not qualifying as discontinued operations" in the consolidated income statement (see Note 
50). Other income and expenses are classified in the income statement items according to their nature.
The income and expenses of discontinued operations generated in the year, even if they were generated prior to their classification as 
discontinued operations, are presented, net of the tax effect, as a single amount under "Profit (loss) after tax from discontinued 
operations" in the consolidated income statement. This caption also includes the results obtained on disposal (net of the tax effect).
Additionally, for those geographical areas with subsidiaries where the Group applies IAS 29 "Financial Reporting in Hyperinflationary 
Economies", this type of assets is being adjusted to show changes in the purchasing power of the currency due to inflation from the 
date of acquisition or inclusion in the consolidated balance sheet (see Note 2.2.18).
2.2.7
Intangible assets
Goodwill
Goodwill represents the advance payment made by the entity for future economic benefits, from assets that have not been 
individually identified nor separately recognized in a business combination.
Goodwill is allocated to one or more CGUs that are expected to be the beneficiaries of the synergies derived from the business 
combinations. CGUs represent the smallest identifiable groups of assets that generate cash flows for the Group. Goodwill is not 
amortized and is periodically tested for impairment (see Note 18), comparing the carrying amount of the relevant CGU - adjusted by 
the amount of goodwill attributable to minority interests, in the event that the Group has not chosen to measure minority interests at 
fair value, with its recoverable amount.
The recoverable amount of a CGU is equal to the fair value less sale costs or its value in use, whichever is greater. Value in use is 
calculated as the discounted value of the cash flow projections that the unit’s management estimates and is based on the latest 
budgets approved for the coming years. The main assumptions used in its calculation are: a growth rate to extrapolate the cash flows 
indefinitely, and the discount rate used to discount the cash flows, which is equal to the cost of the capital assigned to each CGU, and 
equivalent to the sum of the risk-free rate plus a risk premium inherent to the CGU being evaluated for impairment. If the carrying 
amount of the CGU exceeds the related recoverable amount, the Group recognizes an impairment loss.
Impairment losses on goodwill are recorded under "Impairment or reversal of impairment of non-financial assets - Intangible 
assets" (see Note 49). 
Other intangible assets
These assets may have an indefinite useful life if it is concluded that there is no foreseeable limit to the period over which the asset is 
expected to generate net cash flows for the consolidated entities. In all other cases they have a finite useful life (see Note 18.2).
Intangible assets with indefinite useful lives are not amortized but are tested for impairment at least annually.
Intangible assets with a finite useful life are amortized according to the duration of this useful life, using methods similar to those used 
to depreciate tangible assets. Finite useful life intangible assets consist mainly of IT applications acquisition costs which have a useful 
life, in general, of 5 years. Internally developed software is recognized as an intangible asset when, among other requirements, it has 
the capacity to be used or sold, it is identifiable and its capacity to generate economic benefits in the future can be demonstrated. The 
amortization charge of these assets is recognized in the consolidated income statements under the heading "Depreciation and 
amortization" (see Note 45).
Any impairment losses on the carrying amount of these assets will be recognized under the heading “Impairment or reversal of 
impairment on non-financial assets- Intangible assets” in the consolidated income statements (see Note 49). The criteria used to 
recognize the impairment losses on these assets and, where applicable, the recovery of impairment losses recognized in prior years, 
are similar to those used for tangible assets.
Consolidated Financial Statements Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
31
Translation of the Consolidated Financial Statements originally issued in Spanish and prepared in accordance with EU-IFRS, as adopted 
by the European Union (see Notes 1 to 56). In the event of a discrepancy, the Spanish-language version prevails

Additionally, for those geographical areas with subsidiaries where the Group applies IAS 29 "Financial Reporting in Hyperinflationary 
Economies", this type of asset is being adjusted to show changes in the purchasing power of the currency due to inflation from the 
date of acquisition or inclusion in the consolidated balance sheet (see Note 2.2.18).
2.2.8
Insurance and reinsurance contracts
The Group has applied IFRS 17 to "insurance contracts" as from January 1, 2023 and has retrospectively revised 2022 financial 
information accordingly. IFRS 17 superseded IFRS 4 as the accounting standard applicable to the recognition, measurement and 
presentation of contracts that transfer significant insurance risk.
The assets and liabilities of the BBVA Group’s insurance subsidiaries are recognized according to their nature under the 
corresponding headings of the consolidated balance sheet.
The heading “Insurance and reinsurance assets” in the consolidated balance sheets includes the amounts that the consolidated 
insurance subsidiaries are entitled to receive under the reinsurance contracts entered into by them with third parties and, more 
specifically, the value of reinsurance covers in respect of the insurance liabilities recognized by the consolidated subsidiaries.
The heading “Liabilities under insurance and reinsurance contracts” in the consolidated balance sheets includes the liabilities 
recognized due to insurance contracts recorded by the consolidated subsidiaries in accordance with IFRS 17 (see Note 23).
The income or expense reported by the BBVA Group’s consolidated insurance subsidiaries on their insurance activities is recognized, 
in accordance with their nature, in the corresponding items of the consolidated income statements.
Definition, grouping and classification
The Group evaluates whether a significant insurance risk from a third party is being accepted in its contracts, when agreeing to 
compensate the policyholder if a specified uncertain future event adversely affects the policyholder. Thus, it identifies those 
insurance contracts that fall within IFRS 17. This evaluation was already carried out by the Group under IFRS 4 for the classification of 
its contracts between insurance contracts and financial liabilities.
The BBVA Group groups insurance contracts considering the following aspects:
–
Whether they are subject to similar risks and are managed jointly, separating as well direct insurance and reinsurance 
contracts.
–
Their profitability or onerousness (in general, the Group classifies contracts by their profitability into two groups: onerous 
contracts, and non-onerous contracts or contracts without a significant possibility of becoming onerous1).
–
Their year of issuance or cohort, grouping by this last criterion the contracts issued in the calendar year, i.e., between 
January 1 and December 31 of each year.
Since the Group chose the fair value transition approach, for long-term contracts (mainly life-risk and life-saving insurance) issued 
prior to the transition date of January 1, 2022, it has not been necessary to aggregate the contracts by previous cohorts. For contracts 
issued after the transition date, the Group classifies them by year of issuance, and therefore, the Group has not accepted the 
exception provided for in the adoption of the standard by the European Union on annual cohorts in products with matched cash 
flows2.
The Group has applied the analysis on the separation of non-insurance components only to insurance contracts falling under the 
scope of IFRS 17, with the entities identifying within their portfolios the existence of non-insurance components, and concluding based 
on expert judgment whether or not they need to separate them. In the case of non-separable investment components, they are 
included in the asset or liability, as appropriate, but are excluded from insurance income or expenses in the income statement.
The initial recognition date has been established as the earliest of: the beginning of the coverage period of the group of contracts, the 
date when the first payment from an insurance policyholder in the group became due, or in the case of a group of onerous contracts, 
when the group becomes onerous. From that date, the insurance and reinsurance contracts have been reflected in the consolidated 
financial statements and valued in accordance with the provisions of IFRS 17.
The Group derecognizes insurance contracts when the contract expires, that is, upon expiration of the contract or upon settlement of 
all the benefits of the contract or upon its cancellation; or when a modification is made to the terms of the contract that gives rise to 
derecognition.
Valuation methods
The Group carries out an analysis of the limits of insurance and reinsurance contracts under IFRS 17, separately, applying the General 
Model (Building Block Approach) by default to all contracts, except those eligible to be valued by the Simplified Model (Premium 
Allocation Approach), or the Variable Fee Approach.
Consolidated Financial Statements Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
32
Translation of the Consolidated Financial Statements originally issued in Spanish and prepared in accordance with EU-IFRS, as adopted 
by the European Union (see Notes 1 to 56). In the event of a discrepancy, the Spanish-language version prevails
1 There is the possibility of defining three or more onerous groups.
2 Article 2 of Regulation (EU) 2021/2036 of the Commission of November 19, 2021.

The General Model requires that insurance contracts be initially valued for the total of:
–
fulfillment cash flows, which comprise the estimation of future cash flows discounted to reflect the time value of money, the 
financial risk associated, and a risk adjustment for non-financial risk that would represent the compensation required for the 
uncertainty associated with the amount and timing of the expected cash flows;
–
and the contractual service margin (CSM), which represents the expected unearned profit from insurance contracts, which 
will be recognized in the entity’s income statement as the service is provided in the future, instead of being recognized at 
the time of the estimation.
Subsequently, the amount recognized in the consolidated balance sheet for each group of insurance contracts measured under this 
model comprises the liability for remaining coverage, which includes the aforementioned fulfillment cash flows and the contractual 
service margin, and the liability for incurred claims, which includes the cash flows from related to claims that have occurred, but have 
not been paid, discounted to reflect the time value of money, the financial risk associated with future cash flows, and a risk adjustment 
for non-financial risk that would represent the compensation required by the uncertainty associated with the amount and timing of 
the expected cash flows. The Group uses the General Model for the valuation of liabilities under insurance and reinsurance contracts 
that correspond to long-term commitments, a portfolio that represents the majority of what is recorded in the balance sheet.
The Group used the Simplified Model in the valuation of the liability for remaining coverage of contracts with a coverage period of one 
year or less, or in those contracts with a duration of more than one year but which are not expected to have a valuation significantly 
different from that of the General Model. Under this Simplified Model, the liability for remaining coverage is made up of the premiums 
received (collected), less the cash flows for the acquisition of the insurance paid, plus or minus the premiums or expected acquisition 
cash flows recorded in the income statement, respectively. The income statement recording is carried out on a linear basis 
throughout the coverage period of the contract, in the event that the accrual of income is also accrued. By default, the Group has 
chosen to defer acquisition expenses, although there is an option to recognize such expenses when they are incurred. In turn, the 
groups of contracts valued under this model have a liability for incurred claims calculated in a manner similar to that of the General 
Model. The Group has valued direct insurance contracts whose coverage period is less than one year, using the Simplified Model, the 
same method used for the valuation of assets for the reinsurance ceded. This model has also been used by the Group when the 
valuation under this Simplified Model does not differ significantly from that which would be produced by applying the General Model. 
The amount of the contracts valued following the Variable Fee Approach is residual in the Group.
The BBVA Group has defined and identified for each group of contracts the hedging units to be used for the release to profit or loss of 
the contractual service margin, in accordance with IFRS 17, and subsequent interpretations issued by the Transition Resource Group 
for IFRS 17 and the IFRIC. The adjustments made to the contractual service margin in the subsequent measurement are those 
established in paragraph 44 of IFRS 17.
Furthermore, the Group has chosen the accounting policy option of not changing the treatment of accounting estimates made in 
previous interim closings.
Discount rate
The methodology used to obtain the discount rate differs according to the entity and portfolio to which it is applied, highlighting 
mainly the cases of the companies in Spain and Mexico, where the Group has greater presence (see Note 23). In the first case, the 
top-down approach has been mainly applied and it has been verified that the Internal Rate of Return (hereinafter “IRR”) of the entity’s 
asset portfolio converges with the IRR of a reference portfolio from which the European Insurance and Occupational Pensions 
Authority (hereinafter “EIOPA”) fundamental spread is discounted for. In the second case, the top-down approach has been used for 
immunized portfolios (see Glossary), eliminating the spread for credit risk through the EIOPA fundamental spread. However, in non-
immunized portfolios, the bottom-up approach has been used, using the swap curve as the risk-free rate. 
Risk adjustment for non-financial risk
The risk adjustment for non-financial risk represents the compensation required for bearing uncertainty about the amount and timing 
of the associated cash flows. To estimate the non-financial risk adjustment, the Group has used its own methodologies based on 
calculations of the Value at Risk (VaR) of the commitments associated with the Life and Non-Life businesses, using in the case of 
Spain a confidence level of 80% and in the case of Mexico 70%.
Onerosity
An insurance contract is onerous at the date of initial recognition if the fulfilment cash flows allocated to the contract, any previously 
recognized insurance acquisition cash flows and any cash flows arising from the contract at the date of initial recognition in total are a 
net outflow.
The Group has classified the contracts valued under the General Model into onerous groups, considering the fulfillment cash flows, 
acquisition expenses and any other attributable cash flow. The evaluation is carried out, in general terms, contract by contract, except 
in those cases where it is possible to group into sets of homogeneous contracts.
Contracts valued under the Simplified Model, by default, are assumed to be non-onerous at their initial recognition, unless there are 
facts and circumstances that indicate otherwise, where the Group relies on information from existing internal reports (ratios and 
Consolidated Financial Statements Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
33
Translation of the Consolidated Financial Statements originally issued in Spanish and prepared in accordance with EU-IFRS, as adopted 
by the European Union (see Notes 1 to 56). In the event of a discrepancy, the Spanish-language version prevails

indicators) for monitoring business performance, adjusted to the criteria of IFRS 17, as well as market evolution expectations based 
on expert judgment. The granularity to carry out this evaluation may be the same as that used to monitor the business through the 
abovementioned internal reports.
In the same way as the contractual service margin represents the estimated future benefit of the insurance contract, the loss 
component is the estimated loss of the onerous contract. The accounting record of these two concepts has a different temporality: 
while the margin is deferred throughout the duration of the contract according to the contractual limits, the loss component is 
recognized in the income statement as soon as it is known, which will result in the carrying amount of the group's liability being equal 
to the fulfilment cash flows and the group's contractual service margin being equal to zero.
Throughout the life of a contract, the assumptions used to project future cash flows may change and, consequently, the expected 
return on a contract may increase or decrease. This means that a group of contracts initially classified as onerous may become more 
onerous, or on the contrary, in the subsequent measurement the assumptions used to estimate the cash flows may change so much 
that the previously recognized loss could be reversed.
Reinsurance
In general, the Group values reinsurance covers under the Simplified Model, valuing the asset for remaining coverage of contracts 
with a coverage period of one year or less, or in those contracts with a duration of more than one year, but which are not expected to 
produce a valuation significantly different from that of the General Model. This method also includes the asset for incurred claims.
Effect on results
In general, for the presentation of the financial income or expenses from insurance contracts that arise as a result of the change in the 
discount rate, both due to the effect of the time value of money as well as the effect of financial risk, the Group has chosen the 
accounting policy option of disaggregating these financial income or expenses from insurance contracts between recording them in 
the "Net interest income" and in "Accumulated other comprehensive income (loss)", in order to minimize accounting asymmetries in 
the valuation and recognition of financial investments under IFRS 9 and insurance contracts under IFRS 17.
The Group has chosen to disaggregate the changes in the risk adjustment between financial and non-financial, so that the change in 
the value of the risk adjustment derived from the effect of the time value of money, and changes in it, is recorded as a financial income 
or expense from insurance contracts. Insurance revenue is recognized over the period the entity provides insurance coverage, 
excluding any investment component.
The loss component, in the case of onerous contracts, corresponds to the losses attributable to each group of contracts, both at 
initial recognition and at a later time.
2.2.9
Tax assets and liabilities
Expenses on corporate income tax applicable to the BBVA Group’s Spanish entities and on similar income taxes applicable to 
consolidated foreign entities are recognized as an expense for the period in the consolidated income statement, except when they 
result from transactions on which the profits or losses are recognized directly in equity, in which case the related tax effect is also 
recognized in equity. 
The total corporate income tax expense is calculated by aggregating the current tax arising from the application of the corresponding 
tax rate as per the tax base for the year (after deducting the tax credits or discounts allowable for tax purposes) and the change in 
deferred tax assets and liabilities recognized in the consolidated income statement.
Deferred tax assets and liabilities include temporary differences, the carryforward of unused tax losses and carryforward of unused 
tax credits or discount carry forwards. These amounts are calculated by applying to each temporary difference the tax rates that are 
expected to apply when the asset is realized or the liability settled (see Note 19).
The "Tax Assets" line item in the consolidated balance sheets includes the amount of all the assets of a tax nature, broken down into: 
"Current” (amounts of tax recoverable in the next twelve months) and "Deferred" (which includes the amount of tax to be recovered in 
future years, including those arising from tax losses or credits for deductions or rebates that can be compensated). The "Tax 
Liabilities" line item in the consolidated balance sheets includes the amount of all the liabilities of a tax nature, except for provisions 
for taxes, broken down into: "Current” (income tax payable on taxable profit for the year and other taxes payable in the next twelve 
months) and "Deferred" (the amount of corporate tax payable in subsequent years).
Deferred tax liabilities attributable to taxable temporary differences associated with investments in subsidiaries, associates or joint 
venture entities are recognized as such, except where the Group can control the timing of the reversal of the temporary difference 
and it is unlikely that it will reverse in the future. Deferred tax assets are only recognized to the extent that it is probable that the 
consolidated entities will generate enough taxable profits to make deferred tax assets effective and do not correspond to those from 
initial recognition (except in the case of business combinations), which also does not affect the fiscal outcome.
The deferred tax assets and liabilities recognized are reassessed by the consolidated entities at each balance sheet date in order to 
ascertain whether they still qualify as deferred tax assets and liabilities, and if it is necessary to make adjustments on the basis of the 
findings of the analyses performed. In those circumstances in which it is unclear how a specific requirement of the tax law applies to a 
particular transaction or circumstance, and the acceptability of the definitive tax treatment depends on the decisions taken by the 
Consolidated Financial Statements Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
34
Translation of the Consolidated Financial Statements originally issued in Spanish and prepared in accordance with EU-IFRS, as adopted 
by the European Union (see Notes 1 to 56). In the event of a discrepancy, the Spanish-language version prevails

relevant taxation authority in future, the entity recognizes current and deferred tax liabilities and assets considering whether it is 
probable or not that a taxation authority will accept an uncertain tax treatment. Thus, if the entity concludes that it is not probable 
that the taxation authority will accept an uncertain tax treatment, the entity uses the amount expected to be paid to (recovered from) 
the taxation authorities.
The income and expense directly recognized in consolidated equity that do not increase or decrease taxable income are accounted 
for as temporary differences.
2.2.10
Provisions, contingent assets and contingent liabilities
The heading “Provisions” in the consolidated balance sheets includes amounts recognized to cover the BBVA Group’s current 
obligations arising as a result of past events. These are certain in terms of nature but uncertain in terms of amount and/or settlement 
date. The settlement of these obligations is deemed likely to entail an outflow of resources embodying economic benefits (see Note 
24). The provisions are recognized in the consolidated balance sheets when each and every one of the following requirements is met:
–
They represent a current obligation that has arisen from a past event. At the date of the Consolidated Financial Statements, 
there is more probability that the obligation will have to be met than that it will not.
–
It is probable that an outflow of resources embodying economic benefits will be required to settle the obligation.
–
The amount of the obligation can be reasonably estimated.
Among other items, these provisions include the commitments made to employees by some of the Group entities mentioned in Note 
2.2.13, as well as provisions for tax and legal litigation.
Contingent assets are possible assets that arise from past events and whose existence is conditional on, and will be confirmed only 
by, the occurrence or non-occurrence of events beyond the control of the Group. Contingent assets are not recognized in the 
consolidated balance sheet or in the consolidated income statement; however, they will be disclosed, should they exist, in the Notes 
to the Consolidated Financial Statements, provided that it is probable they will give rise to an increase in resources embodying 
economic benefits (see Note 34).
Contingent liabilities are possible obligations of the Group that arise from past events and whose existence is conditional on the 
occurrence or non-occurrence of one or more future events beyond the control of the Group. They also include the existing 
obligations of the Group when it is not probable that an outflow of resources embodying economic benefits will be required to settle 
them; or when, in extremely rare cases, their amount cannot be measured with sufficient reliability. 
Contingent liabilities are not recognized in the consolidated balance sheet or the income statement (excluding contingent liabilities 
from business combinations) but are disclosed in the Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements, unless the possibility of an 
outflow of resources embodying economic benefits is remote (see Note 34).
2.2.11
Treasury shares
The value of common stock issued by the BBVA Group’s entities and held by them - basically, shares and derivatives on the Bank’s 
shares held by some consolidated entities that comply with the requirements to be recognized as equity instruments - are recognized 
as a decrease to net equity, under the heading "Shareholders’ funds - Treasury shares" in the consolidated balance sheets (see Note 
29).
These financial assets are recognized at acquisition cost, and the gains or losses arising on their disposal are credited or debited, as 
appropriate, to the heading “Shareholders’ funds - Retained earnings” in the consolidated balance sheets (see Note 28).
In the event of a contractual obligation to acquire treasury shares, a financial liability is recorded as the present value of the amount 
committed (under the heading "Financial liabilities at amortized cost - Other financial liabilities") and the corresponding recognition in 
net equity (under the heading “Equity - Other Reserves) (see Notes 22.5 and 28).
2.2.12
Equity-settled share-based payment transactions
Equity–settled share-based payment transactions, provided they constitute the delivery of such equity instruments once completion 
of a specific period of services has occurred, are recognized as an expense for services being provided by employees, with a 
corresponding entry under the heading “Shareholders’ funds – Other equity” in the consolidated balance sheet. These services are 
measured at fair value for the employees services received, unless such fair value cannot be calculated reliably. In such case, they are 
measured by reference to the fair value of the equity instruments granted, taking into account the date on which the commitments 
were granted and the terms and other conditions included in the commitments.
When the initial compensation agreement includes what may be considered market conditions among its terms, any changes in these 
conditions will not be reflected in the consolidated income statement, as these have already been accounted for in calculating the 
initial fair value of the equity instruments. Non-market vesting conditions are not taken into account when estimating the initial fair 
value of equity instruments, but they are taken into account when determining the number of equity instruments to be issued. This 
will be recognized on the consolidated income statement with the corresponding increase in total consolidated equity.
Consolidated Financial Statements Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
35
Translation of the Consolidated Financial Statements originally issued in Spanish and prepared in accordance with EU-IFRS, as adopted 
by the European Union (see Notes 1 to 56). In the event of a discrepancy, the Spanish-language version prevails

2.2.13
Pensions and other post-employment commitments 
Below we provide a description of the most significant accounting policies relating to post-employment and other employee benefit 
commitments assumed by BBVA Group entities (see Note 25).
Short-term employee benefits
Benefits for current active employees which are accrued and settled during the year and for which a provision is not required in the 
entity´s accounts. These include wages and salaries, social security charges and other personnel expense.
Costs are charged and recognized under the heading “Administration costs – Personnel expense – Other personnel expense” of the 
consolidated income statement (see Note 44.1).
Post-employment benefits – Defined-contribution plans
The Group sponsors defined-contribution plans for the majority of its active employees. The amount of these benefits is established 
as a percentage of remuneration and/or as a fixed amount.
The contributions made to these plans in each year by BBVA Group entities are charged and recognized under the heading 
“Administration costs – Personnel expense– Defined-contribution plan expense” of the consolidated income statement (see Note 
44.1). 
Post-employment benefits – Defined-benefit plans
Some Group entities maintain pension commitments with employees who have already retired or taken early retirement, certain 
closed groups of active employees still accruing defined benefit pensions, and in-service death and disability benefits provided to 
most active employees. These commitments are covered by insurance contracts, pension funds and internal provisions.
In addition, some of the Spanish Group entities have offered certain employees the option to retire before their normal retirement 
age, recognizing the necessary provisions to cover the costs of the associated benefit commitments, which include both the liability 
for the benefit payments due as well as the contributions payable to external pension funds during the early retirement period.
Furthermore, certain Group entities provide welfare and medical benefits which extend beyond the date of retirement of the 
employees entitled to the benefits.
All of these commitments are quantified based on actuarial valuations, with the amounts recorded under the heading “Provisions – 
Provisions for pensions and similar obligations” in the consolidated balance sheet and determined as the difference between the value 
of the defined-benefit commitments and the fair value of plan assets at the date of the consolidated financial statements (see Note 
25).
Current service cost is charged and recognized under the heading “Administration costs – Personnel expense – Defined-benefit plan 
expense” of the consolidated income statement (see Note 44.1).
Interest credits/charges relating to these commitments are charged and recognized in net terms under the headings “Interest and 
other income” or, where appropriated, “Interest expense” of the consolidated income statement (see Note 37).
Past service costs arising from benefit plan changes as well as early retirements granted during the year are recognized under the 
heading “Provisions or reversals of provisions” of the consolidated income statement (see Note 46).
Other long-term employee benefits
In addition to the above commitments, certain Group entities provide long-term service awards to their employees, consisting mainly 
of monetary amounts or periods of vacation granted upon completion of a number of years of qualifying service. This heading also 
includes the commitments related to the termination of employment contracts according to the collective layoff procedure carried 
out in BBVA, S.A. in 2021.
These commitments are quantified based on actuarial valuations and the amounts recorded under the heading “Provisions – Other 
long-term employee benefits” of the consolidated balance sheet (see Note 24).
Valuation of commitments: actuarial assumptions and recognition of gains/losses
The present value of these commitments is determined based on individual member data. Active employee costs are determined 
using the “projected unit credit” method, which treats each period of service as giving rise to an additional unit of benefit and values 
each unit separately.
Consolidated Financial Statements Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
36
Translation of the Consolidated Financial Statements originally issued in Spanish and prepared in accordance with EU-IFRS, as adopted 
by the European Union (see Notes 1 to 56). In the event of a discrepancy, the Spanish-language version prevails

In establishing the actuarial assumptions, we take into account that: 
– They should be unbiased, i.e. neither unduly optimistic nor excessively conservative.
– Each assumption does not contradict the others and adequately reflects the existing relationship between economic 
variables such as price inflation, expected wage increases, discount rates, etc. Future wage and benefit levels should be 
based on market expectations, at the balance sheet date, for the period over which the obligations are to be settled. 
– The interest rate used to discount benefit commitments is determined by reference to market yields, at the balance sheet 
date, on high quality bonds.
The BBVA Group recognizes actuarial gains (losses) relating to early retirement benefits, long service awards and other similar items 
under the heading “Provisions or reversal of provisions” of the consolidated income statement for the period in which they arise (see 
Note 46). Actuarial gains (losses) relating to pension and medical benefits are directly charged and recognized under the heading 
"Accumulated other comprehensive income (loss) – Items that will not be reclassified to profit or loss – Actuarial gains (losses) on 
defined benefit pension plans" of equity in the consolidated balance sheet (see Note 30).
2.2.14
Termination benefits
Termination benefits are recognized in the financial statements when the BBVA Group agrees to terminate employment contracts 
with its employees or from the time the costs for a restructuring that involves the payment of compensation for the termination of 
contracts with its employees are recorded. This happens when there is a formal and detailed plan in which the fundamental 
modifications to be made are identified, and whenever said plan has begun to be executed or its main characteristics or objective 
facts about its execution have been publicly announced. 
2.2.15
Recognition of income and expense
The most significant policies used by the BBVA Group to recognize its income and expense are as follows.
–
Interest income and expense and similar items:
As a general rule, interest income and expense and similar items are recognized on the basis of their accrual using the 
effective interest rate method. In the particular case of inflation-indexed bonds, interest income also includes the effect of 
real inflation experienced in the period. 
They shall be recognized within the consolidated income statement according to the following criteria, independently from 
the financial instruments’ portfolio which generates the income or expense:
a.
The interest income past-due before the initial recognition and pending to be received will be added to the gross 
carrying amount of the debt instrument.
b.
The interest income accrued after the initial recognition will be added to the gross carrying amount of the debt 
instrument until it will be received.
In the event that a debt instrument is considered impaired, interest income will be calculated by applying the effective 
interest rate to the amortized cost (that is, adjusting for any impairment loss) of the financial asset.
–
Income from dividends received:
Dividends shall be recognized within the consolidated income statement according to the following criteria, independently 
from the financial instruments’ portfolio which generates this income:
a.
When the right to receive payment has been declared before the initial recognition and when the payment is 
pending to be received, the dividends will not be added to the gross carrying amount of the equity instrument and 
will not be recognized as income. Those dividends are accounted for as financial assets separately from the net 
equity instrument.
b.
If the right to receive payment is received after the initial recognition, the dividends from the net equity 
instruments will be recognized within the consolidated income statement at the time the right to receive them 
arises, which is the time of the official announcement of receipt of the payment by the appropriate governing body 
of the entity. If the dividends correspond to the profits of the issuer before the date of initial recognition, they will 
not be recognized as income but as reduction of the gross carrying amount of the equity instrument because it 
represents a partial recuperation of the investment. Amongst other circumstances, the generation date can be 
considered to be prior to the date of initial recognition if the amounts distributed by the issuer as from the initial 
recognition are higher than its profits during the same period.
–
Income from commissions collected/paid:
Consolidated Financial Statements Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
37
Translation of the Consolidated Financial Statements originally issued in Spanish and prepared in accordance with EU-IFRS, as adopted 
by the European Union (see Notes 1 to 56). In the event of a discrepancy, the Spanish-language version prevails

Financial fees are an integral part of the actual performance of a financing transaction and are collected in advance. They 
can be:
a.
Fees charged for the origination or acquisition of financing transactions that are not measured at fair value 
through profit or loss, such as those charged for the evaluation of the borrower's financial condition, for the 
analysis and recording of various collateral, as well as those charged for negotiating the terms of transactions 
or preparing and processing documentation and the closing of transactions, will be deferred and recognized 
over the life of the transaction as an adjustment to the performance of the transaction. These fees, forming 
part of the effective rate of the loans, will be deferred and recognized over the life of the transaction as an 
adjustment to the performance of the transaction. 
b.
Fees agreed as compensation for the commitment to grant financing when it is not measured at fair value 
through profit or loss and it is probable that the Group will enter into a specific loan agreement, are deferred 
and recognized over the life of the transaction as an adjustment to the performance of the transaction. If the 
commitment expires before the entity makes the loan such fee is recognized as revenue at the time of 
expiration.
Non-financial commissions derived from the provision of financial services other than financing transactions may be:
a.
Related to the performance of a service rendered over time (e.g. account administration fees or fees collected 
in advance for the issuance or renewal of credit cards), in which case they are recognized over time based on 
the degree of progress in providing the service.
b.
Related to the performance of a service rendered at a specific time (e.g. underwriting of securities, currency 
exchange, advice or syndication of a loan), in which they are recognized in the income statement at the time of 
collection.
–
Non-financial income and expense:
As a general rule, they are recognized on an accrual basis, that is, as the contractually committed goods or services are 
delivered or rendered and recognized as revenue over the life of the contract.
In the event that consideration is received or there is a right to receive consideration without delivery of the contractually 
committed goods or services, a liability is recognized in the balance sheet until it is recognized in the income statement. 
In the case of collections and payments deferred over time, they are recognized for accounting purposes at the amount 
resulting from discounting the expected cash flows at market rates.
–
Commissions, fees and similar items:
Income and expense relating to commissions and similar fees are recognized in the consolidated income statement using 
criteria that vary according to the nature of such items. The most significant items in this regard are:
a.
Those relating to financial assets and liabilities measured at fair value through profit or loss, which are recognized 
immediately in the income statement.
b.
Those arising from transactions or services that are provided over a period of time, which are recognized over the 
life of these transactions or services.
c.
Those relating to a singular transaction, which are recognized when this singular transaction is carried out.
–
Deferred collections and payments:
These are recognized for accounting purposes at the amount resulting from discounting the expected cash flows at market 
rates.
2.2.16
Sales of assets and income from the provision of non-financial services
The heading “Other operating income” in the consolidated income statements includes the proceeds of the sales of assets and 
income from the services provided by the Group entities that are not financial institutions. In the case of the Group, these entities are 
mainly real estate and service entities (see Note 42).
2.2.17
Foreign-currency transactions and exchange differences
The currency in which the Financial Statements of the BBVA Group are presented is the euro. As such, all balances and transactions 
denominated in currencies other than the euro are deemed to be expressed in “foreign currency”.
Conversion to euros of the balances held in foreign currency is performed in two consecutive stages:
Consolidated Financial Statements Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
38
Translation of the Consolidated Financial Statements originally issued in Spanish and prepared in accordance with EU-IFRS, as adopted 
by the European Union (see Notes 1 to 56). In the event of a discrepancy, the Spanish-language version prevails

–
conversion of the foreign currency to the entity’s functional currency (currency of the main economic environment in which 
the entity operates); and
–
conversion to euros of the balances held in the functional currencies of the entities whose functional currency is not the 
euro.
Conversion of the foreign currency to the entity’s functional currency
Transactions denominated in foreign currencies carried out by the consolidated entities (or entities accounted for using the equity 
method) are initially accounted for in their respective currencies. Subsequently, the monetary balances in foreign currencies are 
converted to their respective functional currencies using the exchange rate at the close of the financial year. In addition,
–
Non-monetary items valued at their historical cost are converted to the functional currency at the exchange rate applicable 
on the purchase date.
–
Non-monetary items valued at their fair value are converted at the exchange rate in force on the date on which such fair 
value was determined.
–
Monetary items are converted to the functional currency at the closing exchange rate.
–
Income and expense are converted at the period’s average exchange rates for all the operations carried out during the year, 
except in those geographical areas where IAS 29 “Financial Reporting in Hyperinflationary Economies” applies (see Note 
2.2.18). When applying this criterion the BBVA Group considers whether significant variations have taken place in exchange 
rates during the year which, owing to their impact on the statements as a whole, may require the application of exchange 
rates as of the date of the transaction instead of such average exchange rates.
The exchange differences produced when converting the balances in foreign currency to the functional currency of the consolidated 
entities are generally recognized under the heading "Exchange differences, net" in the consolidated income statements (see Note 41). 
However, the exchange differences in non-monetary items measured at fair value are recorded to equity under the heading 
“Accumulated other comprehensive income (loss) - Items that will not be reclassified to profit or loss - Fair value changes of equity 
instruments measured at fair value through other comprehensive income” in the consolidated balance sheets (see Note 30).
Conversion of functional currencies to euros
The balances in the financial statements of consolidated entities whose functional currency is not the euro are converted to euros as 
follows:
–
Assets and liabilities: at the closing spot exchange rates as of the date of each of the consolidated balance sheets.
–
Income and expense and cash flows are converted by applying the exchange rate applicable on the date of the transaction, 
and the average exchange rate for the financial year may be used, unless it has undergone significant variations during the 
year.
–
Equity items: at the historical exchange rates. 
The exchange differences arising from the conversion to euros of balances in the functional currencies of the consolidated entities 
whose functional currency is not the euro are recognized under the heading “Accumulated other comprehensive income (loss) – 
Items that may be reclassified to profit or loss - Foreign currency translation” in the consolidated balance sheets (see Notes 30 and 31 
respectively). Meanwhile, the differences arising from the conversion to euros of the financial statements of entities accounted for by 
the equity method are recognized under the heading “Accumulated other comprehensive income (loss) - Items that may be 
reclassified to profit or loss - Share of other recognized income and expense of investments in joint ventures and associates" (see 
Note 30), until the item to which they relate is derecognized, at which time they are recognized in the income statement.
The financial statements of companies of hyperinflationary economies are restated for the effects of changes in prices before their 
conversion to euros following the provisions of IAS 29 "Financial Reporting in Hyperinflationary Economies" (see Note 2.2.18). Both 
these adjustments for inflation and the exchange differences that arise when converting the financial statements of companies into 
hyperinflationary economies are accounted for in “Accumulated other comprehensive income (loss) – Items that may be reclassified 
to profit or loss - Foreign currency translation”.
The breakdown of the main consolidated balances in foreign currencies, with reference to the most significant foreign currencies, is 
set forth in Appendix VII.
Venezuela
Local financial statements of the Group subsidiaries in Venezuela are expressed in Venezuelan Bolivar, and converted into euros for 
the consolidated financial statements. Venezuela is a country with strong exchange restrictions that has different rates officially 
published, and, since December 31, 2015, the Board of Directors considers that the use of these exchanges rates for converting 
bolivars into euros in preparing the Consolidated Financial Statements does not reflect the true picture of the financial statements of 
the Group and the financial position of the Group subsidiaries in this country. Therefore, since the year ended December 31, 2015, the 
Consolidated Financial Statements Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
39
Translation of the Consolidated Financial Statements originally issued in Spanish and prepared in accordance with EU-IFRS, as adopted 
by the European Union (see Notes 1 to 56). In the event of a discrepancy, the Spanish-language version prevails

exchange rate for converting bolivars into euros is an estimation taking into account the evolution of the estimated inflation in 
Venezuela. As of December 31, 2024, 2023 and 2022, the impact on the consolidated financial statements that would have resulted 
by applying the last published official exchange rate instead of the exchange rate estimated by BBVA Group was not significant (see 
Note 2.2.18).
2.2.18
Entities and branches located in countries with hyperinflationary economies
In accordance with the criteria established in IAS 29 "Financial Reporting in Hyperinflationary Economies”, to determine whether an 
economy has a high inflation rate the country's economic situation is examined, analyzing whether certain circumstances are fulfilled, 
such as whether the population prefers to keep its wealth or savings in non-monetary assets or in a relatively stable foreign currency, 
whether prices can be set in that currency, whether interest rates, wages and prices are pegged to a price index or whether the 
accumulated inflation rate over three years approaches or exceeds 100%. The fact that any of these circumstances is fulfilled will not 
be a decisive factor in considering an economy hyperinflationary, but it does provide some reasons to consider it as such. 
Since 2022, 2018 and 2009, the economies of Turkey, Argentina and Venezuela, respectively, have been considered hyperinflationary 
under the above criteria. As a result, the financial statements of the BBVA Group’s entities located in such geographical areas have 
been adjusted to correct for the effects of inflation. 
As a consequence of the application of IAS 29 "Financial Reporting in Hyperinflationary Economies", the Group applies the following 
criteria in the financial statements of the Group companies that operate in these three geographical areas:
–
The historical cost of non-monetary assets and liabilities (see Notes 17, 18 and 21), assets contractually linked to changes in 
prices and various headings in equity are adjusted to reflect changes in the purchasing power of the currency due to 
inflation from their date of acquisition or inclusion in the consolidated balance sheet, or if this is later, with the limit of its 
recoverable value. The restatement has been made using the Consumer Price Index with "Accumulated other 
comprehensive income (loss)" as counterparty.
–
Consequently, the different lines of the income statement, within equity, are adjusted by the inflation index since their 
inception, with a corresponding entry under the heading "Accumulated other comprehensive income (loss)". 
–
The loss of the net monetary position, which represents the loss of purchasing power of the entity due to maintaining an 
excess of monetary assets not linked to inflation (mainly loans, credits and bonds) over monetary liabilities, is recorded in 
the line "Other operating expense" in the income statement and with a credit to "Accumulated other comprehensive income 
(loss)".
–
All the components of the financial statements of the subsidiaries are converted at the closing exchange rate, recording the 
conversion differences to the euro within "Accumulated other comprehensive income (loss)" as stated in IAS 21 "Effects of 
Changes in Foreign Exchange Rates".
Turkey
The combined result derived from the application of the above criteria amounts to a loss of €1,742 million in 2024, of which €1,498 
million is attributable to owners of the parent (€2,242 and €1,793 million loss attributable to owners of the parent in 2023 and 2022, 
respectively). This impact includes mainly the loss of the net monetary position, which amounts to a gross amount of €1,512 million 
and is recorded in the line “Other operating expense” in the consolidated income statement (€2,118 and €2,323 million in 2023 and 
2022, respectively), and it was partially offset by the positive impact of the revaluation of certain bonds linked to inflation, for a gross 
amount of €1,164 million (€1,202 and €1,490 million in 2023 and 2022, respectively), given that, under IAS 29 "Financial Reporting in 
Hyperinflationary Economies", these types of bonds are considered protective assets (see Note 42).
In addition, during 2024 the impact on equity of Group entities located in Turkey derived from the application of IAS 29 and the 
conversion to the euro (IAS 21) amounted to €1,253 million (€-355 million in 2023), of which €1,072 million (€-306 million in 2023) 
have been recorded within “Equity – Accumulated other comprehensive income (loss)”, and €181 million (€-49 million in 2023) have 
been recorded within “Minority interests – Accumulated other comprehensive income (loss)”, respectively (see Notes 30 and 31). In 
2022 the impact on equity of Group entities located in Turkey derived from the retrospective application of IAS 29 "Financial 
Reporting in Hyperinflationary Economies" since January 1, 2022, in the Turkish subsidiaries was an increase in equity of €130 million, 
mainly the result of the revaluation of tangible assets and inflation-linked bonds. 
According to the Turkish Statistical Institute (Turkstat), accumulated inflation in 2024 stood at 44.4% (64.8% and 64.3% in 2023 and 
2022, respectively) and the exchange rate used as of December 31, 2024 was 36.74 Turkish lira per euro (32.65 and 19.96 in 2023 
and 2022, respectively). 
Consolidated Financial Statements Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
40
Translation of the Consolidated Financial Statements originally issued in Spanish and prepared in accordance with EU-IFRS, as adopted 
by the European Union (see Notes 1 to 56). In the event of a discrepancy, the Spanish-language version prevails

Argentina
The combined result derived from the application of the above criteria amounted to a loss of €1,208 million, of which €810 million is 
attributable to owners of the parent in 2024 (€1,574 and €694 million loss attributable to owners of the parent in 2023 and 2022, 
respectively). This impact includes mainly the loss of the net monetary position, which amounts to a gross amount of €1,419 million 
and is recorded in the line “Other operating expense” in the consolidated income statement in 2024 (€1,062 million and €822 million 
in 2023 and 2022, respectively).
Furthermore, during 2024, the impact on equity of Group entities located in Argentina derived from the application of IAS 29 and the 
conversion to the euro (IAS 21) amounted to €1,115 million (€-634 million and €242 million in 2023 and 2022, respectively) of which 
€745 million (€-428 million and €157 million in 2023 and 2022, respectively) have been recorded within “Equity – Accumulated other 
comprehensive income (loss)”, and €370 million (€-206 million and €84 million in 2023 and 2022, respectively) have been recorded 
within “Minority interests – Accumulated other comprehensive income (loss)” (see Notes 30 and 31).
Accumulated inflation estimated by the National Census Institute of Argentina (Indec) and BBVA Research for the year 2024 was 
118% (215% and 97% in 2023 and 2022, respectively) and the exchange rate used as of December 31, 2024 was 1,072.66 Argentine 
pesos per euro (892.81 and 188.51 in 2023 and 2022, respectively).
Venezuela
The combined result derived from the application of the above criteria amounted to a loss of €36 million, of which €20 million is 
attributable to owners of the parent in 2024 (€10 million and €6 million attributable to owners of the parent in 2023 and 2022, 
respectively). This impact includes mainly the loss of the net monetary position, which amounts to a gross amount of €42 million and 
is recorded in the line “Other operating expense” in the consolidated income statement in 2024 (€28 million in each of 2023 and 
2022).
During 2024, 2023 and 2022 the impact on equity of Group entities located in Venezuela derived from the application of 
hyperinflation (IAS 29) and the conversion to the euro (IAS 21) was not material for the Group.
Accumulated inflation for the year 2024, as estimated by BBVA Research, was 69% (111% and 292% in 2023 and 2022, respectively) 
and the exchange rate used as of December 31, 2024 was 68.83 Venezuelan bolivars per euro (43.23 and 19.79 in 2023 and 2022, 
respectively). 
2.3
Recent IFRS pronouncements 
Standards and interpretations that became effective in 2024
In 2024, various amendments to the IFRS standards or their interpretations or modifications (hereinafter “IFRIC” or "interpretation") 
became effective, among which the following should be highlighted:
Amendment to IFRS 16 "Leases"
The IASB has issued an amendment to IFRS 16 that clarifies the requirements for sale-and-leaseback transactions. According to the 
new requirements, the seller-lessee shall determine ‘lease payments’ or ‘revised lease payments’ in such a way that the seller-lessee 
does not recognize any amount of the gain or loss that relates to the right of use retained by the seller-lessee. On the other hand, the 
new requirements do not prevent a seller-lessee from recognizing in its results any gain or loss related to the partial or total 
termination of a lease. The amendments became effective on January 1, 2024. The standard has not had any significant impact on the 
consolidated financial statements of the BBVA Group.
Standards and interpretations issued but not yet effective as of December 31, 2024
The following new IFRS standards and Interpretations or Modifications had been published at the date of preparation of the 
consolidated financial statements, but were not mandatory as of December 31, 2024. The Group is currently evaluating the potential 
effects of each of these new standards or amendments. Although in some cases the IASB allows early adoption of new standards, 
interpretations and amendments before their effective date, the BBVA Group has not proceeded with this option for any such 
changes.
Amendment to IAS 21: "The Effects of Changes in Foreign Exchange Rates"
On August 15, 2023, the IASB issued a series of amendments to IAS 21 - The effects of changes in foreign exchange rates. The 
standard has a double objective, on the one hand to provide guidance on when one currency is convertible into another and, on the 
other hand, how to determine the exchange rate to be used in accounting when it is concluded that such convertibility does not exist.
In relation to the first objective, one currency is convertible into another when an entity can obtain the other currency within a time 
frame that allows for a normal administrative delay; and through markets or exchange mechanisms in which an exchange transaction 
creates enforceable rights and obligations. If the entity determines that there is no convertibility between currencies, it must estimate 
an exchange rate. The standard does not establish a specific estimation technique for such exchange rates, but rather establishes 
guidelines for their determination, allowing the use of an observable type without adjusting or using an estimation technique.
Consolidated Financial Statements Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
41
Translation of the Consolidated Financial Statements originally issued in Spanish and prepared in accordance with EU-IFRS, as adopted 
by the European Union (see Notes 1 to 56). In the event of a discrepancy, the Spanish-language version prevails

The modification to the standard will come into force on January 1, 2025. Early application is permitted, although the BBVA Group has 
not adopted it as of December 31, 2024.
IFRS 18 "Presentation and Disclosures in Financial Statements"
On April 9, 2024, the IASB issued IFRS 18 "Presentation and Disclosures in Financial Statements" which introduces new requirements 
to improve the quality of information presented in financial statements and to promote analysis, transparency and comparability of 
companies' performance.
Specifically, IFRS 18 introduces three predefined expense categories (operating, investing and financing) and two subtotals 
("operating profit" and "profit before financing and income taxes") to provide a consistent structure in the income statement and 
facilitate the analysis of the income statement. Additionally, it introduces disclosure requirements for management-defined 
performance measures (MPM). Finally, it establishes requirements and provides guidance on aggregation/disaggregation of the 
information to be provided in the primary financial statements.
This new standard will come into force on January 1, 2027, with early application permitted once it is adopted by the European Union.
IFRS 19 "Subsidiaries without Public Accountability: Disclosures" 
On May 9, 2024, the IASB issued IFRS 19 "Subsidiaries without Public Accountability: Disclosures" which allows certain eligible 
entities to elect to apply the reduced disclosure requirements of IFRS 19 while continuing to apply the requirements of recognition, 
valuation and presentation of other IFRS accounting standards. 
This new standard will enter into force on January 1, 2027, allowing early application once it is adopted by the European Union. 
In the Group there are no eligible entities within the scope of this standard, so no significant impact on the BBVA Group's financial 
statements is expected.
Amendments to IFRS 9 and IFRS 7: Amendments to the classification and measurement of financial instruments
On May 30, 2024 the IASB issued amendments to IFRS 9 and IFRS 7 to clarify, among others, how to assess the contractual cash flow 
characteristics of financial assets that include contingent features such as the achievement of Environmental, Social and Governance 
targets. Additionally, they clarify that a financial liability should be derecognized on the 'settlement date' and introduce an accounting 
policy option to derecognize before that date financial liabilities that are settled using an electronic payment system. Finally, 
additional disclosures are required by IFRS 7 for financial instruments with contingent characteristics and equity instruments 
classified at fair value through other comprehensive income.
The amendments will come into force on January 1, 2026, although they may be applied earlier once they have been adopted by the 
European Union. 
Annual improvements applied to its International Financial Reporting Standards (IFRS)
The IASB has issued a number of minor amendments and improvements to various IFRSs to clarify their wording or correct minor 
consequences, oversights or conflicts between the requirements of the Standards. 
The Standards affected are: IFRS 1 "First-time adoption of International Financial Reporting Standards", IFRS 7 "Financial 
instruments, disclosures", IFRS 9 "Financial instruments", IFRS 10 "Consolidated financial statements" and IAS 7 "Statement of cash 
flows". 
These modifications will come into force on January 1, 2026, although a significant impact on the BBVA Group's Financial Statements 
is not expected.
Amendments to IFRS 9 and IFRS 7: Contracts that refer to nature-dependent electricity
On December 18, 2024, the IASB issued amendments to IFRS 9 and IFRS 7 to address the accounting for contracts for the purchase 
and sale of renewable electricity, called Power Purchase Agreements (PPA). The amendments include guidance on the “own use” 
exemption for purchasers of electricity and requirements to apply hedge accounting on these arrangements.
The amendments will come into force on January 1, 2026, although it can be applied earlier once they have been adopted by the 
European Union. 
Consolidated Financial Statements Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
42
Translation of the Consolidated Financial Statements originally issued in Spanish and prepared in accordance with EU-IFRS, as adopted 
by the European Union (see Notes 1 to 56). In the event of a discrepancy, the Spanish-language version prevails

3.
BBVA Group
The BBVA Group is an international diversified financial group with a significant presence in retail banking, wholesale banking and 
asset management. The Group also operates in the insurance sector.
The following information is detailed in the appendices of these consolidated financial statements of the Group for the year ended 
December 31, 2024:
–
Appendix I shows relevant information related to the consolidated subsidiaries and structured entities.
–
Appendix II shows relevant information related to investments in joint ventures and associates accounted for using the 
equity method. 
–
Appendix III shows the main changes and notification of investments and divestments in the BBVA Group.
–
Appendix IV shows fully consolidated subsidiaries with more than 10% owned by non-Group shareholders.
The following table sets forth information related to the Group’s total assets as of December 31, 2024, 2023 and 2022, broken down 
by the Group’s entities according to their activity: 
Contribution to Consolidated Group total assets. Entities by main activities (Millions of Euros)
2024
2023
2022
Banking and other financial services
733,860
737,971
678,809
Insurance and pension fund managing companies
34,439
34,520
30,066
Other non-financial services
4,103
3,068
3,217
Total
772,402
775,558
712,092
The total assets and results of operations broken down by operating segments are included in Note 6.
The BBVA Group’s activities are mainly located in Spain, Mexico, Turkey and South America, with active presence in the rest of 
Europe, the United States and Asia:
–
Spain. The Group’s activity in Spain is mainly carried out through Banco Bilbao Vizcaya Argentaria, S.A. The Group also has 
other entities that mainly operate in Spain’s financial sector, insurance sector and asset management sector.
–
Mexico. The BBVA Group operates in Mexico, not only in the banking sector, but also in the insurance sector and the asset 
management sector, through BBVA Mexico.
–
Turkey. The Group’s activity in Turkey is mainly carried out through the Garanti BBVA Group in the financial, insurance and 
asset management sectors.
–
South America. The BBVA Group’s activities in South America are mainly focused on the banking, financial and insurance 
sectors, in the following countries: Argentina, Colombia, Peru, Uruguay, Chile, Venezuela and Brazil, the latter focused on 
the CIB (Corporate & Investment Banking) business. It has a representative office in Sao Paulo (Brazil) and another one in 
Santiago (Chile). The Group owns more than 50% of most of the Group entities based in these countries. Appendix I shows 
entities in respect of which the BBVA Group owns less than 50% as of December 31, 2024 (see Note 2.1).
–
Rest of Europe. Group's activity in Europe (excluding Spain) is carried out by banking and financial institutions, mainly in 
Switzerland, the Netherlands and Romania, and through branches, mainly the BBVA Bank's branches in Germany, Belgium, 
France, Italy, Portugal, the United Kingdom, and the Garanti BBVA Bank's branch in Malta. 
–
The United States. The Group's activity in the United States is mainly carried out by the branch of Banco Bilbao Vizcaya 
Argentaria, S.A. in New York, the agency of BBVA Mexico in Houston, participations in technology companies through funds 
and investment vehicles and the broker-dealer business BBVA Securities Inc. Additionally, in 2024, a representative office 
of Banco Bilbao Vizcaya Argentaria, S.A. was opened in Houston. 
–
Asia. The Group's activity in Asia is conducted through the Bank's branches (Taipei, Tokyo, Hong Kong, Singapore and 
Shanghai) and representative offices (Beijing, Seoul, Mumbai, Abu Dhabi and Jakarta).
Significant transactions in the Group in 2024
During the year 2024 no significant or relevant corporate operations have been completed, without prejudice to the announcement of 
the voluntary tender offer for the acquisition of all of the issued shares of Banco de Sabadell, S.A.
Consolidated Financial Statements Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
43
Translation of the Consolidated Financial Statements originally issued in Spanish and prepared in accordance with EU-IFRS, as adopted 
by the European Union (see Notes 1 to 56). In the event of a discrepancy, the Spanish-language version prevails

Other relevant additional information 2024
Announcement of the voluntary tender offer for the acquisition of all of the issued shares of Banco de Sabadell, S.A.
On April 30, 2024, due to a media report, BBVA published an inside information notice (información privilegiada) stating that it had 
informed the chairman of the Board of Directors of Banco de Sabadell, S.A. (the "Target Company") of the interest of BBVA’s Board of 
Directors in initiating negotiations to explore a possible merger between the two entities. On the same date, BBVA sent to the 
chairman of the Target Company the written proposal for the merger of the two entities. The content of the written proposal sent to 
the Board of Directors of the Target Company was published on May 1, 2024 by BBVA through the publication of an inside information 
notice (información privilegiada) with the Spanish Securities and Exchange Commission (hereinafter “CNMV”).
On May 6, 2024, the Target Company published an inside information notice (información privilegiada) informing of the rejection of 
the proposal by its Board of Directors.
Following such rejection, on May 9, 2024, BBVA announced, through the publication of an inside information notice (información 
privilegiada) (the "Prior Announcement"), the decision to launch a voluntary tender offer (the "Offer") for the acquisition of all of the 
issued shares of the Target Company, being a total of 5,440,221,447 ordinary shares with a par value of €0.125 each (representing 
100% of the Target Company’s share capital). The consideration initially offered by BBVA to the shareholders of the Target Company 
consisted of one (1) newly issued share of BBVA for each four and eighty-three hundredths (4.83) ordinary shares of the Target 
Company, subject to certain adjustments in the case of dividend distributions in accordance with what was indicated in the Prior 
Announcement.
In accordance with the Prior Announcement of the Offer and as a consequence of the interim dividend against the 2024 financial year 
results in the amount of €0.08 per share paid by the Target Company to its shareholders on October 1, 2024, BBVA proceeded to 
adjust the Offer consideration. Therefore, after applying the adjustment in the terms set forth in the Prior Announcement, the 
consideration offered by BBVA to the shareholders of the Target Company under the Offer was adjusted, as result of the dividend 
payment of the Target Company, to one (1) newly issued ordinary share of BBVA for each five point zero one nine six (5.0196) 
ordinary shares of the Target Company. 
Additionally, as a result of the interim dividend against the 2024 financial year results in the amount of €0.29 per share paid by BBVA 
to its shareholders on October 10, 2024, BBVA proceeded to adjust again the Offer consideration. Therefore, also in accordance with 
the provisions of the Prior Announcement, the Offer consideration was adjusted to one (1) newly issued ordinary share of BBVA and 
€0.29 in cash for every five point zero one nine six (5.0196) ordinary shares of the Target Company.
Pursuant to the provisions of Royal Decree 1066/2007, of July 27, on the rules governing tender offers ("Royal Decree 1066/2007"), 
the Offer is subject to mandatory clearance by the CNMV (“CNMV Clearance”). Additionally, pursuant to the provisions of Law 
10/2014 and Royal Decree 84/2015, the acquisition by BBVA of control of the Target Company resulting from the Offer is subject to 
the duty of prior notification to the Bank of Spain and the obtention of the non-opposition of the European Central Bank (a condition 
that was satisfied on September 5, 2024, as described below).
In addition, completion of the Offer is also subject to the satisfaction of the conditions specified in the Prior Announcement, in 
particular (i) the acceptance of the Offer by a number of shares that allows BBVA to acquire at least more than half of the effective 
voting rights of the Target Company at the end of the Offer acceptance period (therefore excluding the treasury shares that the 
Target Company may hold at that time), as this condition was amended by BBVA in accordance with the publication of the inside 
information notice (información privilegiada) dated January 9, 2025, (ii) approval by BBVA’s General Shareholders’ Meeting of the 
increase of BBVA’s share capital through the issue of new ordinary shares through non-cash contributions in an amount that is 
sufficient to cover the consideration in shares offered to the shareholders of the Target Company (which condition was satisfied on 
July 5, 2024, as described below), (iii) the express or tacit authorization of the economic concentration resulting from the Offer by the 
Spanish antitrust authorities, and (iv) the express or tacit authorization of the indirect acquisition of control of the Target Company’s 
banking subsidiary in the United Kingdom, TSB Bank PLC, by the United Kingdom Prudential Regulation Authority (“PRA”) (a 
condition that was satisfied on September 2, 2024, as described below).
On July 5, 2024, the BBVA’s Extraordinary General Shareholders' Meeting resolved to authorize, with 96% votes in favor, an increase 
in the share capital of BBVA of up to a maximum nominal amount of €551,906,524.05 through the issuing and putting into circulation 
of up to 1,126,339,845 ordinary shares of €0.49 par value each to cover the consideration in shares offered to the shareholders of the 
Target Company (see Note 26).
On September 3, 2024, BBVA announced, through the publication of an inside information notice (información privilegiada), that, on 
September 2, 2024, it received the authorization from the PRA for BBVA's indirect acquisition of control of TSB Bank PLC as a result 
of the Offer.
On September 5, 2024, BBVA announced, through the publication of an inside Information notice (información privilegiada), that it 
received the decision of non-opposition from the European Central Bank to BBVA's taking control of the Target Company as a result 
of the Offer.
On November 12, 2024, BBVA announced, through the publication of Other Relevant Information notice (otra información relevante), 
that it received the resolution of the Spanish National Markets and Competition authority (CNMC) in which it decided to initiate the 
second phase of the analysis of the economic concentration resulting from the Offer. 
Consolidated Financial Statements Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
44
Translation of the Consolidated Financial Statements originally issued in Spanish and prepared in accordance with EU-IFRS, as adopted 
by the European Union (see Notes 1 to 56). In the event of a discrepancy, the Spanish-language version prevails

The Offer is subject to approval by the CNMV and to the approval of the economic concentration resulting from the Offer by the 
Spanish competition authorities. The detailed terms of the Offer will be set out in the prospectus, which was submitted to the CNMV 
together with the request for the authorization of the Offer on May 24, 2024, and will be published after obtaining CNMV Clearance.
Significant transactions in the Group in 2023
During the year 2023 no significant corporate transactions were carried out.
Significant transactions in the Group in 2022
Investments
Announcement of the agreement with Neon Payments Limited
On February 14, 2022, BBVA announced the agreement with the company Neon Payments Limited (the "Company" in this section) for 
the subscription of 492,692 preference shares, representing approximately 21.7% of its share capital, through a share capital 
increase and in consideration of approximately USD 300 million (equal to approximately €263 million, using the applicable 1.14 EUR/
USD exchange rate as of February 11, 2022).
The Company, which is incorporated and domiciled in the United Kingdom, is the owner of 100% of the shares of the Brazilian 
company Neon Pagamentos S.A.
As of February 14, 2022, BBVA was already the indirect owner of approximately 10.2% of the share capital of the Company through 
companies where BBVA owns more than 99% of the share capital. As of December 31, 2022, BBVA held, directly and indirectly, 
29.2% of the share capital of the Company (30.9% and 30.1% as of December 31, 2024 and 2023, respectively). Despite owning 
more than 20% of the share capital, BBVA's ability to influence the Company´s financial and operating decisions policies is very 
limited, so the investment is recognized under the heading "Non-trading financial assets mandatorily at fair value through profit or 
loss" (see Note 11).
Voluntary takeover bid for the entire share capital of Türkiye Garanti Bankası A.Ş (Garanti BBVA)
On November 15, 2021, BBVA announced a voluntary takeover bid (hereinafter "VTB") addressed to the 2,106,300,000 shares3 not 
controlled by BBVA, which represented 50.15% of the total share capital of Türkiye Garanti Bankası A.Ş (hereinafter "Garanti BBVA"). 
BBVA submitted for authorization an application of the VTB to the supervisor of the securities markets in Turkey (Capital Markets 
Board, hereinafter "CMB") on November 18, 2021.
On March 31, 2022, CMB approved the offer information document and on the same day BBVA announced the commencement of the 
VTB acceptance period on April 4, 2022. On April 25, 2022 BBVA informed of an increase of the cash offer price per Garanti BBVA 
share from that initially announced (12.20 Turkish lira) to 15.00 Turkish lira.
On May 18, 2022, BBVA announced the finalization of the offer acceptance period, with the acquisition of 36.12% of Garanti BBVA’s 
share capital. The total amount paid by BBVA was approximately 22,758 million Turkish lira (equivalent to approximately €1,390 
million4 including the expenses associated with the transaction and net of the collection of the dividends corresponding to the stake 
acquired).
The transaction resulted in a capital gain of approximately €924 million (including the impacts after the application of IAS 29 
"Financial Reporting in Hyperinflationary Economies", see Note 2.2.18). An amount of €3,609 million was recorded under the heading 
“Other reserves” and there was a reclassification to “Accumulated other comprehensive income (loss)” corresponding to the 36.12% 
acquired from minority interests to “Accumulated other comprehensive income (loss)” of the parent company for an amount of 
€-2,685 million. The total derecognition associated with the transaction of the heading “Minority interests” considering “Other items” 
and “Accumulated other comprehensive income (loss)” amounted to €-2,541 million.
The share in Garanti BBVA owned by BBVA as of December 31, 2024 is 85.97%.
In relation to the rest of the effects of the application of IAS 29 "Financial Reporting in hyperinflationary economies" on the entities of 
the Group in Turkey, see Note 2.2.18 to these Consolidated Financial Statements.
4.
Shareholder remuneration system
Amendment of Shareholder Remuneration Policy
BBVA's Board of Directors announced by means of Relevant Information, on November 18, 2021, the amendment of the Group's 
shareholder remuneration policy (announced on February 1, 2017 by means of Relevant Information), establishing as a policy to 
distribute annually between 40% and 50% of the consolidated ordinary profit for each year (excluding amounts and items of an 
extraordinary nature included in the consolidated income statement), compared to the previous policy that established a distribution 
between 35% and 40%.
Consolidated Financial Statements Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
45
Translation of the Consolidated Financial Statements originally issued in Spanish and prepared in accordance with EU-IFRS, as adopted 
by the European Union (see Notes 1 to 56). In the event of a discrepancy, the Spanish-language version prevails
3 All references to “shares” or “share” shall be deemed made to lots of 100 shares, which is the trading unit in which Garanti BBVA shares are listed at Borsa Istanbul.
4 Using the effective exchange rate of 16.14 Turkish lira per euro.

This policy is implemented through the distribution of an interim dividend for the year (which is expected to be paid in October of each 
year) and a final dividend or final distribution (which is expected to be paid at the end of the year and once the application of the result 
is approved, foreseeably in April of each year), with the possibility of combining cash distributions with share buybacks, all subject to 
the corresponding authorizations and approvals applicable at any given time.
Shareholder remuneration during financial year 2022
Cash distributions
During the 2022 financial year, the Annual General Shareholders' Meeting and the Board of Directors approved the payment of the 
following cash amounts:
–
The Annual General Shareholders' Meeting of BBVA held on March 18, 2022, approved, under item 2 of the Agenda, a cash 
distribution from the voluntary reserves account as additional shareholder remuneration for the 2021 fiscal year, for an 
amount equal to €0.23 gross (€0.1863 net of withholding tax) per outstanding BBVA share entitled to participate in this 
distribution, which was paid on April 8, 2022. The total amount paid, excluding dividends paid in respect of treasury shares 
held by the Group's companies, amounted to €1,463 million.
–
The Board of Directors communicated by means of an Inside Information on September 29, 2022 that the Board of 
Directors of BBVA approved the payment of a cash interim dividend of €0.12 gross (€0.0972 net of withholding tax) per 
outstanding BBVA share against 2022 results. The total amount paid to shareholders on October 11, 2022, excluding 
dividends paid in respect of treasury shares held by the Group's companies, amounted to €722 million and is recognized 
under the heading “Total Equity – Interim Dividends” of the consolidated balance sheet as of December 31, 2022.
Shareholder remuneration during financial year 2023
Cash distributions
During the 2023 financial year, the Annual General Shareholders' Meeting and the Board of Directors approved the payment of the 
following cash amounts: 
–
The Annual General Shareholders´ Meeting of BBVA held on March 17, 2023, approved, under item 1.3 of the Agenda, a 
cash distribution against the 2022 results as a final dividend for the 2022 fiscal year, for an amount equal to €0.31 gross 
(€0.2511 net of withholding tax) per outstanding BBVA share entitled to participate in this distribution, which was paid on 
April 5, 2023. The total amount paid, excluding dividends paid in respect of treasury shares held by the Group's companies, 
amounted to €1,857 million. 
–
The Board of Directors, at its meeting held on September 27, 2023, resolved the payment of a cash interim dividend of 
€0.16 gross (€0.1296 net of withholding tax) per outstanding share on account of the 2023 dividend, to be paid on October 
11, 2023. The total amount paid, excluding dividends paid in respect of treasury shares held by the Group's companies, 
amounted to €951 million.
Shareholder remuneration during financial year 2024
Cash distributions 
During the 2024 financial year, the Annual General Shareholders' Meeting and the Board of Directors approved the payment of the 
following cash amounts:
–
The Annual General Shareholders' Meeting of BBVA held on March 15, 2024, approved, under item 1.3 of the Agenda, a cash 
distribution against the 2023 results as a final dividend for the 2023 fiscal year, for an amount equal to €0.39 gross 
(€0.3159 net of withholding tax) per outstanding BBVA share entitled to participate in this distribution, which was paid on 
April 10, 2024. The total amount paid, excluding dividends paid in respect of treasury shares held by the Group's 
companies, amounted to €2,245 million. 
–
By means of an inside information notice (información privilegiada) dated September 26, 2024, BBVA announced that the 
Board of Directors, had resolved the payment of a cash interim dividend of €0.29 gross (€0.2349 net of withholding tax) 
per each outstanding BBVA share entitled to participate in this distribution, to be paid on October 10, 2024. The total 
amount paid, excluding dividends paid in respect of treasury shares held by the Group's companies, amounted to €1,668 
million. 
The forecasted financial statement, drawn up in compliance with the applicable legal requirements, which evidenced the existence of 
sufficient liquidity to distribute the abovementioned amount approved by the Board of Directors of BBVA, was the following: 
Consolidated Financial Statements Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
46
Translation of the Consolidated Financial Statements originally issued in Spanish and prepared in accordance with EU-IFRS, as adopted 
by the European Union (see Notes 1 to 56). In the event of a discrepancy, the Spanish-language version prevails

Available amount for interim dividend payments (Millions of Euros)
August 31, 2024
Profit of BBVA, S.A., after the provision for income tax
6,854
Maximum amount distributable
6,854
Amount of proposed interim dividend
1,671
BBVA cash balance available to the date
33,530
Other shareholder remuneration
On January 30, 2025, it was announced that a cash distribution in the amount of €0.41 gross per share to be paid presumably in April 
2025 as the final dividend for the year 2024, and the execution of a share buyback program of BBVA for an amount of €993 million 
were planned to be proposed to the corresponding corporate bodies for consideration as ordinary remuneration to shareholders for 
2024, subject to obtaining the corresponding regulatory authorizations and approval by the Board of Directors of the specific terms 
and conditions of the program, which will be communicated to the market prior to the start of its execution.
Share buyback program
Share buyback programs in 2021 and 2022
On October 26, 2021, BBVA obtained the pertinent authorization from the European Central Bank (hereinafter "ECB") to buy back up 
to 10% of its share capital for a maximum of €3,500 million, in one or several tranches and over the course of a 12-month period (the 
“Authorization”).
Upon receiving the Authorization and making use of the delegation conferred by the BBVA Annual General Shareholders' Meeting held 
on March 16, 2018, at its meeting of October 28, 2021, BBVA Board of Directors resolved to carry out a share buyback program in 
compliance with Regulation (EU) no. 596/2014 of the European Parliament and the Council of April 16, 2014 on market abuse and 
Commission Delegated Regulation (EU) no. 2016/1052 of the Commission, of March 8, 2016 (the “Regulations”), executed in various 
tranches up to a maximum of €3,500 million, with the aim of reducing BBVA's share capital (the “Program Scheme”), 
notwithstanding the possibility of terminating or cancelling the Program Scheme at an earlier date where advisable due to the 
concurrence of a series of specific circumstances, as well as to carry out a first share buyback program within the scope of the 
Program Scheme (the "First Tranche") for the purpose of reducing BBVA's share capital, which was notified by means of Inside 
Information on October 29, 2021. 
On November 19, 2021, BBVA notified by means of Inside Information that the First Tranche would be executed externally, starting on 
November 22, 2021, through J.P. Morgan AG as lead manager, for a maximum amount of €1,500 million, for the purchase of a 
maximum of 637,770,016 shares representing, approximately, 9.6% of BBVA's share capital. By means of Other Relevant Information 
filing dated March 3, 2022, BBVA announced the completion of the execution of the First Tranche upon reaching the maximum 
monetary amount of €1,500 million, having acquired 281,218,710 own shares representing, approximately, 4.22% of BBVA's share 
capital as of that date. On June 15, 2022, BBVA notified the partial execution of the share capital reduction resolution adopted by the 
Annual General Shareholders’ Meeting of BBVA held on March 18, 2022, through the reduction of BBVA’s share capital in a nominal 
amount of €137,797,167.90 and the consequent redemption, charged to unrestricted reserves, of 281,218,710 own shares of €0.49 
par value each acquired derivatively by the Bank in execution of the First Tranche and which were held in treasury shares (see Notes 
26, 27, 28 and 29).
On February 3, 2022, BBVA notified by means of Inside Information that its Board of Directors had agreed, within the scope of the 
Program Scheme, to carry out a second buyback program for the repurchase of own shares (the “Second Tranche”) aimed at 
reducing BBVA’s share capital, for a maximum amount of €2,000 million and a maximum number of shares to be acquired equal to 
the result of subtracting from 637,770,016 own shares (9.6% of BBVA’s share capital at that date) the number of own shares finally 
acquired in execution of the First Tranche (unfinished as of that date). 
As a continuation of the previous communication, on March 16, 2022 BBVA informed by means of Inside Information that it had 
agreed to execute the Second Tranche: i) through the execution of a first segment for an amount of up to €1,000 million, and with a 
maximum number of shares to be acquired of 356,551,306 shares (the "First Segment"), externally through Goldman Sachs 
International as lead manager, who would execute the purchase transactions through the broker Kepler Cheuvreux, S.A.; and (ii) once 
execution of the First Segment had been completed, through the execution of a second segment that would complete the Framework 
Program (the "Second Segment").
By means of Other Relevant Information dated May 16, 2022, BBVA announced the completion of the execution of the First Segment 
upon reaching the maximum monetary amount of €1,000 million, having acquired 206,554,498 shares representing, approximately, 
3.1% of BBVA's share capital as of said date.
On June 28, 2022, BBVA communicated through Inside Information the agreement to complete the Program Scheme by executing 
the Second Segment, for a maximum amount of €1,000 million and a maximum number of own shares to be acquired of 
149,996,808. The execution of the Second Segment took place through Citigroup Global Markets Europe AG as lead manager, as 
BBVA informed through Inside Information on June 29, 2022. By means of Other Relevant Information dated August 19, 2022, BBVA 
announced the completion of the execution of the Second Segment upon reaching the maximum number of shares (149,996,808) 
Consolidated Financial Statements Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
47
Translation of the Consolidated Financial Statements originally issued in Spanish and prepared in accordance with EU-IFRS, as adopted 
by the European Union (see Notes 1 to 56). In the event of a discrepancy, the Spanish-language version prevails

representing, approximately, 2.3% of BBVA's share capital as of said date (which amounted to approximately €660 million). On 
September 30, 2022, BBVA notified through Other Relevant Information an additional partial execution of the share capital reduction 
resolution adopted by the Annual General Shareholders’ Meeting of BBVA held on March 18, 2022, through the reduction of BBVA’s 
share capital in a nominal amount of €174,710,139.94 and the consequent redemption, charged to unrestricted reserves, of 
356,551,306 own shares of €0.49 par value each acquired derivatively by the Bank in execution of the First Segment and Second 
Segment of the share buyback program and which were held in treasury shares (see Notes 26, 27, 28 and 29).
The Program Scheme was considered as an extraordinary shareholder distribution and was therefore not included in the scope of the 
shareholder remuneration policy described above.
Share buyback programs in 2023
On February 1, 2023, BBVA announced, among others, that it planned to submit for the consideration of the corresponding BBVA 
governing bodies the execution of a €422 million share buyback program, subject to obtaining the corresponding regulatory 
authorizations and to the communication of the specific terms and conditions of the share buy-back program before its execution. On 
March 17, 2023, after receiving the required authorization from the ECB, BBVA announced through an Inside Information notice the 
execution of a time-scheduled buyback program for the repurchase of own shares in accordance with the Regulations, aimed at 
reducing BBVA’s share capital by a maximum monetary amount of €422 million. The execution was carried out internally by BBVA, 
executing the trades through BBVA. By means of an Other Relevant Information notice dated April 21, 2023, BBVA announced the 
completion of the share buyback program upon reaching the maximum monetary amount of €422 million, having acquired 
64,643,559 own shares, between March 20 and April 20, 2023, representing, approximately, 1.07% of BBVA's share capital as of said 
date.
On June 2, 2023, BBVA notified through an Other Relevant Information notice a partial execution of the share capital reduction 
resolution adopted by the Annual General Shareholders’ Meeting of BBVA held on March 17, 2023, under item 3 of the agenda 
through the reduction of BBVA’s share capital in a nominal amount of €31,675,343.91 and the consequent redemption, charged to 
unrestricted reserves, of 64,643,559 own shares of €0.49 par value each acquired derivatively by BBVA in execution of the share 
buyback program and which were held in treasury shares (see Notes 26, 27, 28 and 29).
On July 28, 2023, BBVA announced, by means of an Inside Information notice, its request to the ECB for the correspondent 
supervisory authorization in order to carry out a share buyback program of up to €1,000 million, subject to the authorization 
requested being granted, to the adoption of the corresponding corporate resolutions and to the communication of the specific terms 
and conditions of the share buyback program before its execution. This share buy-back program was considered as an extraordinary 
shareholder distribution. On October 2, 2023, after receiving the required authorization from the ECB, BBVA announced that it would 
implement a buyback program for the repurchase of own shares in accordance with the Regulations, aimed at reducing BBVA’s share 
capital by a maximum monetary amount of €1,000 million. The execution was carried out internally by BBVA, executing the trades 
through BBVA.
By means of an Other Relevant Information notice dated November 29, 2023, BBVA announced the completion of the share buyback 
program upon reaching the maximum monetary amount of €1,000 million, having acquired 127,532,625 own shares, between 
October 2 and November 29, 2023, representing, approximately, 2.14% of BBVA's share capital as of said later date.
On December 19, 2023, BBVA notified through an Other Relevant Information notice the second partial execution of the share capital 
reduction resolution adopted by the Annual General Shareholders’ Meeting of BBVA held on March 17, 2023, under item 3 of the 
agenda through the reduction of BBVA’s share capital in a nominal amount of €62,490,986.25 and the consequent redemption, 
charged to unrestricted reserves, of 127,532,625 own shares of €0.49 par value each acquired derivatively by BBVA in execution of 
the share buyback program and which were held in treasury shares (see Notes 26, 27, 28 and 29).
Share buyback program in 2024
On March 1, 2024, after receiving the required authorization from the European Central Bank, BBVA announced by means of an Inside 
Information notice the execution of a time-scheduled buyback program for the repurchase of own shares, all in accordance with the 
Regulation (EU) No. 596/2014 of the European Parliament and of the Council of 16 April 2014 on market abuse and Commission 
Delegated Regulation (EU) No. 2016/1052 of March 8, 2016, for a maximum monetary amount of €781 million. The execution was 
carried out externally by Citigroup Global Markets Europe AG.
By means of an Other Relevant Information notice dated April 9, 2024, BBVA announced the completion of the share buyback 
program upon reaching the maximum monetary amount, having acquired a total of 74,654,915 own shares, between March 4 and 
April 9, 2024, representing, approximately, 1.28% of BBVA's share capital as of such date. 
On May 24, 2024, BBVA notified through an Other Relevant Information notice the partial execution of the share capital reduction 
resolution adopted by the Annual General Shareholders’ Meeting of BBVA held on March 15, 2024, under item 3 of the Agenda, 
through the reduction of BBVA’s share capital in a nominal amount of €36,580,908.35 and the consequent redemption, charged to 
unrestricted reserves, of 74,654,915 own shares of €0.49 par value each acquired derivatively by BBVA in execution of the own share 
buyback program and which were held as treasury shares (see Notes 26, 27, 28 and 29).
Consolidated Financial Statements Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
48
Translation of the Consolidated Financial Statements originally issued in Spanish and prepared in accordance with EU-IFRS, as adopted 
by the European Union (see Notes 1 to 56). In the event of a discrepancy, the Spanish-language version prevails

Proposal on allocation of earnings for 2024
Below is included a breakdown of the distribution of the Bank´s earnings for financial year 2024, which the Board of Directors will 
submit to the Annual General Shareholders' Meeting for approval. 
Allocation of earnings (Millions of Euros)
2024
Profit (loss) for the year
10,235
Distribution
Interim dividends
1,671
Final dividend
2,363
Reserves / Accumulated gains
6,200
5.
Earnings per share
Basic and diluted earnings per share are calculated in accordance with the criteria established by IAS 33 "Earnings per share". For 
more information see Glossary.
The calculation of earnings per share is as follows:
Basic and Diluted Earnings per Share
2024
2023
2022
Numerator for basic and diluted earnings per share (millions of euros)
Profit attributable to parent company
10,054
8,019
6,358
Adjustment: Additional Tier 1 securities ⁽¹⁾
(388)
(345)
(313)
Profit adjusted (millions of euros) (A)
9,666
7,675
6,045
Profit (loss) from continued operations (net of remuneration of Additional Tier 1 capital 
instruments)
9,666
7,675
6,045
Profit (loss) from discontinued operations (net of non-controlling interests) (B)
—
—
—
Denominator for basic earnings per share (number of shares outstanding)
Weighted average number of shares outstanding 
5,793
5,988
6,424
Average treasury shares
(10)
(5)
(9)
Share buyback program (2)
(13)
(28)
(225)
Adjusted number of shares - Basic earnings per share (C)
5,769
5,954
6,189
Adjusted number of shares - diluted earnings per share (D)
5,769
5,954
6,189
Earnings (losses) per share 
1.68
1.29
0.98
Basic earnings (losses) per share from continuing operations (Euros per share) A-B/C
1.68
1.29
0.98
Diluted earnings (losses) per share from continuing operations (Euros per share) A-B/D
1.68
1.29
0.98
Basic earnings (losses) per share from discontinued operations (Euros per share) B/C
—
—
—
Diluted earnings (losses) per share from discontinued operations (Euros per share) B/D
—
—
—
(1) Remuneration in the year related to perpetual contingent convertible securities, recognized in equity (see Note 22.4).
(2) For the calculation of earnings per share, the average number of shares in a year takes into account the redemptions made in such year related to the share buyback programs 
announced (see Note 4). 
As of December 31, 2024, 2023 and 2022, there were no other financial instruments or share option commitments to employees that 
could potentially affect the calculation of the diluted earnings per share for the years presented. For this reason, basic and diluted 
earnings per share are the same.
6.
Operating segment reporting 
Operating segment reporting represents a basic tool in the oversight and management of the BBVA Group’s various activities. The 
BBVA Group compiles reporting information on disaggregated business activities. These business activities are then aggregated in 
accordance with the organizational structure determined by the BBVA Group's Management and, ultimately, into the reportable 
operating segments themselves. 
As of December 31, 2024, the structure of the information by operating segments and the Corporate Center reported by the BBVA 
Group remains the same as that as of the closing of the 2023 financial year.
The BBVA Group's areas or operating segments are summarized below: 
Consolidated Financial Statements Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
49
Translation of the Consolidated Financial Statements originally issued in Spanish and prepared in accordance with EU-IFRS, as adopted 
by the European Union (see Notes 1 to 56). In the event of a discrepancy, the Spanish-language version prevails

–
Spain includes mainly the banking, insurance and asset management businesses that the Group carries out in Spain.
–
Mexico includes the banking, insurance and asset management businesses in this country as well as the activity that BBVA 
Mexico carries out through its agency in Houston. 
–
Turkey reports the activity of the Garanti BBVA group that is mainly carried out in this country and, to a lesser extent, in 
Romania and the Netherlands. 
–
South America includes the banking, finance, insurance and asset management businesses carried out mainly in Argentina, 
Chile, Colombia, Peru, Uruguay and Venezuela.
–
Rest of Business mainly includes the wholesale activity carried out in Europe (excluding Spain), the United States and 
(through BBVA branches located therein) Asia.
The Corporate Center performs centralized Group functions, including: the costs of the head offices with a corporate function for the 
consolidated BBVA Group, management of structural exchange rate positions; portfolios whose management is not linked to 
customer relationships, such as financial and industrial holdings; stakes in Funds & Investment Vehicles in tech companies; certain 
tax assets and liabilities; funds for employee commitments; goodwill and other intangible assets, as well as the financing of such 
portfolios and assets.
The breakdown of the BBVA Group’s total assets by operating segments and the Corporate Center as of December 31, 2024, 2023 
and 2022 is as follows:
Total Group assets by operating segments (Millions of Euros)
2024
2023 ⁽¹⁾
2022 ⁽¹⁾
Spain
417,752
457,573
427,049
Mexico
168,470
173,489
142,557
Turkey 
82,782
68,329
66,036
South America
73,997
64,779
61,951
Rest of Business
66,534
64,274
49,952
Subtotal assets by operating segments
809,536
828,445
747,545
Corporate Center and adjustments 
(37,134)
(52,886)
(35,453)
Total assets BBVA Group
772,402
775,558
712,092
(1) In the first quarter of 2024 the Group changed its allocation criteria for certain expenses, mainly related with global international projects between the Corporate Center and 
the corresponding operating segments. Therefore, in order to make those year-on-year comparisons homogeneous, the figures for the years 2023 and 2022 were revised, which 
has not affected the consolidated financial information of the Group.
Consolidated Financial Statements Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
50
Translation of the Consolidated Financial Statements originally issued in Spanish and prepared in accordance with EU-IFRS, as adopted 
by the European Union (see Notes 1 to 56). In the event of a discrepancy, the Spanish-language version prevails

The following table sets forth certain summarized information relating to results of each operating segment and Corporate Center for 
the years ended December 31, 2024, 2023 and 2022:
Main margins and profit by operating segments (Millions of euros)
Operating Segments
BBVA 
Group
Spain
Mexico
Turkey
South 
America
Rest of 
Business
Corporate 
Center and 
adjustments (1)
2024
Net interest income
25,267
6,435
11,556
1,492
5,589
741
(546)
Gross income
35,481
9,490
15,337
4,212
5,405
1,458
(421)
Operating profit (loss) before tax
15,405
5,309
7,522
1,741
1,342
634
(1,142)
Net attributable profit (loss) (2)
10,054
3,784
5,447
611
635
500
(924)
2023 ⁽³⁾
Net interest income
23,089
5,620
11,054
1,869
4,394
539
(386)
Gross income
29,542
7,888
14,267
2,981
4,331
1,103
(1,029)
Operating profit (loss) before tax
12,419
3,897
7,329
1,324
1,189
489
(1,809)
Net attributable profit (loss) (2)
8,019
2,720
5,319
527
601
396
(1,544)
2022
Net interest income
19,124
3,774
8,378
2,611
4,138
332
(109)
Gross income
24,743
6,112
10,734
3,172
4,265
790
(329)
Operating profit (loss) before tax
10,268
2,610
5,620
1,636
1,434
277
(1,309)
Net attributable profit (loss) (2)
6,358
1,667
4,131
505
738
240
(922)
(1) Adjustments include the impact of the purchase of offices in Spain in 2022 in the transaction with Merlin Properties (see Note 17).
(2) See Note 55.2.
(3) In the first quarter of 2024 the Group changed its allocation criteria for certain expenses, mainly related with global international projects between the Corporate Center and 
the corresponding operating segments. Therefore, in order to make those year-on-year comparisons homogeneous, the figures for the year 2023 have been revised, which has 
not affected the consolidated financial information of the Group. 
The accompanying Consolidated Management Report presents the consolidated income statements and the consolidated balance 
sheets by operating segments.
7.
Risk management
7.1
Risk factors 
The BBVA Group has processes in place for identifying risks and analyzing scenarios in order to enable the Group to manage risks in a 
dynamic and proactive way.
The risk identification processes are forward looking to seek the identification of emerging risks and take into account the concerns of 
both the business areas, which are close to the reality of the different geographical areas, and the corporate areas and senior 
management.
Risks are identified and measured consistently using the methodologies deemed appropriate in each case. Their measurement 
includes the design and application of scenario analyses and stress testing and considers the controls to which the risks are 
subjected. 
As part of this process, a forward projection of the Risk Appetite Framework (hereinafter "RAF") variables in stress scenarios is 
conducted in order to identify possible deviations from the established thresholds. If any such deviations are detected, measures are 
taken to seek to keep the variables within the target risk profile. 
In this context, there are a number of emerging risks that could affect the evolution of the Group’s business, including the below: 
–
Macroeconomic and geopolitical risks
The Group is sensitive to the deterioration of economic conditions, the alteration of the institutional environment of the countries in 
which it operates, and the Group is exposed to sovereign debt especially in Spain, Mexico and Turkey.
The global economy is currently facing a number of extraordinary challenges. The war between Ukraine and Russia and the armed 
conflicts in the Middle East have caused significant disruptions, instability and volatility in global markets, particularly in energy 
markets. Uncertainty about the future development of these conflicts is high. The main risk is that they could generate new supply 
shocks, pushing growth downward and inflation upward, and paving the way for macroeconomic and financial instability episodes.
Consolidated Financial Statements Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
51
Translation of the Consolidated Financial Statements originally issued in Spanish and prepared in accordance with EU-IFRS, as adopted 
by the European Union (see Notes 1 to 56). In the event of a discrepancy, the Spanish-language version prevails

Geopolitical and economic risks have also increased in recent years as a result of trade tensions between the United States and China, 
Brexit, and the rise of populism, among other factors. Growing tensions and the rise of populism may lead, among other things, to a 
deglobalization of the world economy, an increase in protectionism, a general reduction of international trade and a reduction in the 
integration of financial markets.
The policies to be adopted by the new United States government, from January 20, 2025, are an additional source of uncertainty for 
the global economy. Some of the measures recently advocated by the incoming administration, such as the adoption of higher import 
tariffs and tighter immigration controls, may increase inflationary pressures and weaken economic growth. Fiscal, regulatory, 
industrial, foreign and other policies could also generate financial and macroeconomic volatility.
In the current context, one of the main risks is that inflation remains high, either due to new supply shocks, related for example to the 
previously mentioned geopolitical and political risks or climate events, or due to demand factors, caused by an excessively 
expansionary fiscal policy, the robustness of labor markets, or other factors. Significant inflationary pressures could lead to interest 
rates remaining higher than currently forecasted, which could negatively affect the macroeconomic environment and financial 
markets.
Another macroeconomic risk is the possibility of a sharp global growth slowdown. In a context marked by uncertainty and still 
elevated interest rates, labor markets and aggregate demand could weaken more significantly than expected. Moreover, despite 
increasing economic stimulus measures, growth in China could slow sharply, with a potentially negative impact on many geographical 
areas, due to tensions in real estate markets and economic sanctions imposed by the United States, among other factors.
Furthermore, there is a growing risk of tensions in sovereign debt markets, given the high levels of public debt in many developed and 
emerging countries, the relatively high interest rates, and expectations of slower economic growth.
The Group is exposed, among others, to the following general risks with respect to the economic and institutional environment in the 
countries in which it operates: a deterioration in economic activity in the countries in which it operates, including recession scenarios; 
more persistent inflationary pressures, which could trigger a more severe tightening of monetary conditions; stagflation due to more 
intense or prolonged supply shocks such as, for example, an increase in oil and gas prices to very high levels, which would have a 
negative impact on disposable income levels in areas that are net energy importers, such as Spain or Turkey, to which the Group is 
particularly exposed; changes in exchange rates; an unfavorable evolution of the real estate market; changes in the institutional 
environment of the countries in which the Group operates, which could give rise to sudden and sharp drops in GDP and/or changes in 
regulatory or government policy, including in terms of exchange controls and restrictions on the distribution of dividends or the 
imposition of new taxes or charges; growth in the public debt or in the external deficit could lead to a downward revision of the credit 
ratings of the sovereign debt and even a possible default or restructuring of such debt; the impact of the upcoming policies of the new 
U.S. administration, about which there is significant uncertainty; and episodes of volatility in the financial markets, which could cause 
significant losses for the Group. The Group’s results of operations have been particularly affected by the increases in interest rates 
adopted by central banks in an attempt to tame inflation, contributing to the rise in both interest revenue and interest expenses. The 
persistence of interest rates at relatively high levels or any increase in interest rates in the future could adversely affect the Group by 
reducing the demand for credit and leading to an increase in the default rate of its borrowers and other counterparties. Moreover, the 
Group’s results of operations have been affected by inflation in all countries in which BBVA operates, especially Turkey and Argentina.
In particular, in Spain, political, regulatory and economic uncertainty has also increased since the July 2023 general elections; there is 
a risk that policies could have an adverse impact on the economy or the Group. There is also a risk that the impact on financial 
conditions of political tensions in other European countries could to some extent affect Spain. In Mexico, there is high uncertainty on 
the impact of the recently approved constitutional reforms, as well as on the policies that will be adopted by the new local government 
and by the new U.S. administration (in particular, if protective measures become more aggressive and persist over time, which could 
adversely impact the Group's expectations regarding the country's economic growth). In Turkey, there are increasing signs of 
normalization in economic policy in general, and monetary policy in particular, since the general elections held in May 2023, which 
may lead to a gradual correction of the current distortions. Despite the gradual improvement of macroeconomic conditions, the 
situation remains relatively unstable, characterized by pressures on the Turkish lira, high inflation, a significant trade deficit, low 
central bank’s foreign reserves and high external financing costs. There is also uncertainty about the impact of the geopolitical 
context in the Middle East on Turkey. In particular, recent regime changes in Syria create opportunities, such as a potential increase in 
exports and lower migratory pressures, but also risks, which could cause greater volatility of Turkish financial assets, among other 
possible effects. Continuing unfavorable economic conditions in Turkey may result in a potential deterioration in the purchasing 
power and creditworthiness of the clients of the Group (both individuals and corporations). In addition, official interest rates, the 
regulatory and macroprudential policies affecting the banking sector and the currency depreciation have affected and may continue 
to affect the Group’s results. In Argentina, the risk of economic and financial turbulence persists in a context in which the government 
has substantially modified the economic policy framework and has focused its efforts on implementing strong fiscal and monetary 
adjustments to reduce inflation. Finally, in Colombia and Peru, climate factors, political tensions and greater social conflict could 
eventually have a negative impact on the economy.
Any of these factors may have a significant adverse impact on the Group’s business, financial condition and results of operations.
Consolidated Financial Statements Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
52
Translation of the Consolidated Financial Statements originally issued in Spanish and prepared in accordance with EU-IFRS, as adopted 
by the European Union (see Notes 1 to 56). In the event of a discrepancy, the Spanish-language version prevails

–
Regulatory and reputational risks
Financial institutions are exposed to a complex and ever-changing regulatory environment defined by governments and regulators. 
Regulatory activity in recent years has affected multiple areas, including changes in accounting standards; strict regulation of capital, 
liquidity and remuneration; bank charges and taxes on financial transactions; regulations affecting mortgages, banking products and 
consumers and users; recovery and resolution measures; stress tests; prevention of money laundering and terrorist financing; market 
abuse; conduct in the financial markets; anti-corruption; and requirements as to the periodic publication of information. 
Governments, regulatory authorities and other institutions continually make proposals to strengthen the resistance of financial 
institutions to future crises. Further, there is an increasing focus on the climate-related financial risk management capabilities of 
banks (see "Environmental, social and governance (“ESG”) risks may adversely impact the Group"). Any change in the Group’s 
business that is necessary to comply with any particular regulations at any given time, especially in Spain, Mexico or Turkey, could 
lead to a considerable loss of income, limit the Group’s ability to identify business opportunities, affect the valuation of its assets, 
force the Group to increase its prices and, therefore, reduce the demand for its products, impose additional costs on the Group or 
otherwise adversely affect its business, financial condition and results of operations. 
The financial sector is under ever closer scrutiny by regulators, governments and society itself. In the course of activities, situations 
which might cause relevant reputational damage to the Group could arise and might affect the regular course of business.
–
New business, operational and legal risks
New technologies and forms of customer relationships: Developments in the digital world and in information technologies pose 
significant challenges for financial institutions, entailing threats (new competitors, disintermediation, etc.) but also opportunities (new 
framework of relations with customers, greater ability to adapt to their needs, new products and distribution channels, etc.). Digital 
transformation is a priority for the Group as it aims to lead digital banking of the future as one of its objectives. 
Technological risks and security breaches: The Group is exposed to new threats such as cyber-attacks, theft of internal and customer 
databases, fraud in payment systems, etc. that require major investments in security from both the technological and human point of 
view. The Group gives great importance to the active operational and technological risk management and control. Any attack, failure 
or deficiency in the Group’s systems could, among other things, lead to the misappropriation of funds of the Group’s clients or the 
Group itself and the unauthorized disclosure, destruction or use of confidential information, as well as prevent the normal operation of 
the Group and impair its ability to provide services and carry out its internal management. In addition, any attack, failure or deficiency 
could result in the loss of customers and business opportunities, damage to computers and systems, violation of regulations 
regarding data protection and/or other regulations, exposure to litigation, fines, sanctions or interventions, loss of confidence in the 
Group’ s security measures, damage to its reputation, reimbursements and compensation, and additional regulatory compliance 
expenses and could have a significant adverse impact on the Group’ s business, financial condition and results of operations. 
Legal risks: The financial sector faces an environment of increasing regulatory and litigious pressure, and thus, the various Group 
entities are frequently party to individual or collective judicial proceedings (including class actions) resulting from their activity and 
operations, as well as arbitration proceedings. The Group is also party to government procedures and investigations, such as those 
carried out by the antitrust authorities in certain countries which, among other things, have in the past and could in the future result in 
sanctions, as well as lead to claims by customers and others. In addition, the regulatory framework in the jurisdictions in which the 
Group operates is evolving towards a supervisory approach more focused on the opening of sanctioning proceedings while some 
regulators are focusing their attention on consumer protection and behavioral risk. 
In Spain and in other jurisdictions where the Group operates, legal and regulatory actions and proceedings against financial 
institutions, prompted in part by certain judgments in favor of consumers handed down by national and supranational courts (with 
regards to matters such as credit cards and mortgage loans), have increased significantly in recent years and this trend could 
continue in the future. Legal and regulatory actions and proceedings faced by other financial institutions in relation to these and other 
matters, especially if such actions or proceedings result in favorable resolutions for the consumer, could also adversely affect the 
Group.
There are also claims before the Spanish courts challenging the validity of certain revolving credit card agreements. Rulings in these 
types of proceedings, whether against the Bank or other financial institutions, could negatively affect the Group.
Additionally, in relation to the ESG area, factors that may affect these new business, operational and legal risks have been identified 
(see "Environmental, social and governance ("ESG") risks may adversely affect the Group"). 
All of the above may result in a significant increase in operating and compliance costs or even a reduction of revenues, and it is 
possible that an adverse outcome in any proceedings (depending on the amount thereof, the penalties imposed or the procedural or 
management costs for the Group) could damage the Group's reputation, generate a knock-on effect or otherwise adversely affect the 
Group.
It is difficult to predict the outcome of legal and regulatory actions and proceedings, both those to which the Group is currently 
exposed and those that may arise in the future, including actions and proceedings relating to former Group subsidiaries or in respect 
of which the Group may have indemnification obligations. Any of such outcomes could be significantly adverse to the Group. In 
addition, a decision in any matter, whether against the Group or against another credit entity facing similar claims as those faced by 
the Group, could give rise to other claims against the Group. In addition, these actions and proceedings attract resources from the 
Group and may occupy a great deal of attention on part of the Group's management and employees.
Consolidated Financial Statements Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
53
Translation of the Consolidated Financial Statements originally issued in Spanish and prepared in accordance with EU-IFRS, as adopted 
by the European Union (see Notes 1 to 56). In the event of a discrepancy, the Spanish-language version prevails

As of December 31, 2024, the Group had €791 million in provisions for the proceedings it is facing (included in the line "Provisions for 
taxes and other legal contingencies" in the consolidated balance sheet) (see Note 24), of which €610 million correspond to legal 
contingencies and €181 million to tax related matters. However, the uncertainty arising from these proceedings (including those for 
which no provisions have been made, either because the probability of an unfavorable outcome for the Group is estimated to be 
remote, or because it is not possible to estimate them or for other reasons) makes it impossible to guarantee that the possible losses 
arising from the resolution of these proceedings will not exceed, where applicable, the amounts that the Group currently has 
provisioned and, therefore, could affect the Group's consolidated results in a given period.
As a result of the above, legal and regulatory actions and proceedings currently faced by the Group or to which it may become subject 
in the future or which may otherwise affect the Group, whether individually or in the aggregate, if resolved in whole or in part adversely 
to the Group's interests, could have a material adverse effect on the Group’s business, financial condition and results of operations.
Spanish judicial authorities are investigating the activities of Centro Exclusivo de Negocios y Transacciones, S.L. (“Cenyt”). Such 
investigation includes the provision of services by Cenyt to BBVA. On July 29, 2019, BBVA was named as an investigated party 
(investigado) in a criminal judicial investigation (Preliminary Proceeding No. 96/2017 – Piece No. 9, Central Investigating Court No. 6 
of the National High Court) for alleged facts which could constitute bribery, revelation of secrets and corruption. Certain current and 
former officers and employees of the Group, as well as former directors, have also been named as investigated parties in connection 
with this investigation. Since the beginning of the investigation, BBVA has been proactively collaborating with the Spanish judicial 
authorities, including sharing with the courts information obtained in the internal investigation hired by the entity in 2019 to contribute 
to the clarification of the facts.
By order of the Criminal Chamber of the National High Court, the pre-trial phase ended on January 29, 2024. On June 20, 2024, the 
Judge issued an order authorizing the continuation of abbreviated criminal proceedings against the Bank and certain current and 
former officers and employees of the Bank, as well as against some former directors, for alleged facts which could constitute bribery 
and revelation of secrets. It is not possible at this time to predict the possible outcomes or implications for the Group of this matter, 
including any fines, damages or harm to the Group’s reputation caused thereby.
–
Environmental, social and governance (ESG) risks may adversely impact the Group
ESG factors present risks associated with (i) climate change, including physical risks and transition risks (linked, among others, to 
changes in regulations, technologies, and market preferences associated with the transition to a less carbon-dependent economy); 
(ii) other environmental factors, such as biodiversity loss, water stress and other nature-related factors; (iii) social factors, such as 
human rights, inclusion, diversity and workplace safety; and (iv) corporate governance matters, such as the governance of 
environmental and social risks. 
ESG risks include short, medium and long-term risks that may adversely affect the Group and its customers or counterparties. Such 
risks are expected to increase and/or evolve over time.
Among others, they include the following: 
– Physical risks. The activities of the Group or those of its customers or counterparties could be adversely affected by the physical 
risks (including acute and chronic) arising from climate change or other environmental challenges. For example, extreme weather 
events may damage or destroy properties and other assets of the Group or those of its customers or counterparties, make the 
insurance against certain risks more expensive or unfeasible, result in increased costs, or otherwise disrupt their respective 
operations (for example, if supply chains are disrupted as a result), diminishing –in the case of the Group’s customers or 
counterparties - their repayment capacity and, if applicable, the value of assets granted as collateral to the Group. The Group is also 
exposed to potential long-term physical risks arising from climate change and other environmental challenges, such as any ensuing 
deterioration in economic conditions that results in credit-related costs, or potential impacts on the Group’s assets and operations. 
The Group could also be required to change its business models in response to the foregoing.
– Legal and regulatory risks. Legal and regulatory changes related to how banks are required to manage climate and other ESG risks 
or otherwise affecting banking practices or disclosure of information may result in higher compliance, operational and credit risks and 
costs. The Group’s customers and counterparties may be exposed to similar risks. Further, legal and regulatory changes may result in 
legal uncertainty and the existence of overlapping or conflicting regulatory or other requirements. They may also give rise to 
regulatory asymmetries whereby some persons, including the Group and its customers and counterparties, are more heavily 
regulated than others, placing such persons at a disadvantage. The Group or its customers or counterparties may be unable to meet 
any new requirements on a timely basis or at all, including new product and service specifications, governance frameworks and 
practices and disclosure requirements and standards. In addition, in the case of banks, new regulation could include requirements 
related to lending, investing, capital and liquidity adequacy and operational resilience. The incorporation of ESG risks in the existing 
prudential framework is still developing and may result in increased risk weighting of certain assets. Moreover, there are significant 
risks and uncertainties inherent in the development of adequate risk assessment and modelling capabilities with respect to ESG-
related matters and the collection of customer, third party and other data, which may result in the Group’s systems or frameworks (or 
those of its customers and counterparties, where applicable) being inadequate, inaccurate or susceptible to incorrect customer, third 
party or other data, any of which could adversely affect the Group’s disclosure and financial reporting. Further, increased regulation 
arising from climate change and other ESG-related challenges could result in increased litigation by different stakeholders (including 
non-governmental organizations (NGOs)) and regulatory investigations and actions.
– Technological risks. Certain of the Group’s customers and counterparties may be adversely affected by the progressive transition to 
a low-carbon economy and/or risks and costs associated with new low-carbon technologies. If the Group’s customers and 
Consolidated Financial Statements Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
54
Translation of the Consolidated Financial Statements originally issued in Spanish and prepared in accordance with EU-IFRS, as adopted 
by the European Union (see Notes 1 to 56). In the event of a discrepancy, the Spanish-language version prevails

counterparties fail to adapt to the transition to a low-carbon economy, or if the costs of doing so adversely affect their 
creditworthiness, this could adversely affect the Group’s relevant loan portfolios.
– Market risks. The Group and certain of the Group’s customers and counterparties may be adversely affected by changes in market 
preferences due to, among others, increased ESG awareness. Further, the funding costs of businesses that are perceived to be more 
exposed to climate change or to other ESG-related risks could increase. Any of this could result in the reduced creditworthiness of 
such customers and counterparties, adversely affecting the Group’s relevant loan portfolios. The Group and its customers and 
counterparties could also be adversely affected by changes in prices resulting from shifts in demand or supply brought by climate 
change or other ESG-related factors, including prices of energy and raw materials, or by their inability to foresee or hedge any such 
changes.
– Reputational risks. The perception of climate change and other ESG-related challenges as a risk by society, shareholders, 
customers, governments and other stakeholders (including NGOs) continues to increase, including in relation to the financial sector’s 
activities. This may result in increased scrutiny of the Group’s activities, as well as its ESG-related policies, goals, disclosures or 
communications. The Group’s reputation and ability to attract or retain customers may be harmed if its efforts to reduce ESG-related 
risks are deemed to be insufficient or if a perception is generated among the different stakeholders that the Group’s statements, 
actions or disclosure do not fairly reflect the underlying sustainability profile of the Group, its products, services, goals and/or 
policies. At the same time, the Group may refrain from undertaking lending or investing activities or other services that would 
otherwise have been profitable in order to fulfill its obligations or avoid reputational harm. Further, divergent views on ESG policies 
may also have a negative impact on the Group’s reputation. Increased scrutiny of the Group’s activities, as well as its ESG-related 
policies, goals and disclosure may result in litigation and investigations and supervisory actions (including potential greenwashing 
claims). The Group has disclosed certain aspirational ESG-related goals and such goals, which are being pursued over the long-term, 
may prove to be considerably more costly or difficult than currently expected, or even impossible, to achieve, including as a result of 
changes in regulation and policy, the pace of technological change and innovation and the actions of governments and the Group’s 
customers and competitors. Potential greenwashing claims arising from ESG-related statements, disclosure and/or actions of the 
Group may also give rise to reputational risks.
Any of these factors may have a material adverse effect on the Group’s business, financial condition and results of operations.
7.2
Credit risk
Credit risk is the potential loss assumed by the Group as a result of the failure by the Group´s counterparties to meet their contractual 
obligations. 
The general principles governing credit risk management in the BBVA Group are:
–
Risks taken should comply with the general risk policy established by the Board of Directors of BBVA.
–
Risks taken should be in line with the level of equity and generation of recurring revenue of the BBVA Group prioritizing risk 
diversification and avoiding relevant concentrations.
–
Risks taken should be identified, measured and assessed and there should be management and monitoring procedures, in 
addition to sound mitigation and control mechanisms.
–
Risks should be managed in a prudent and integrated manner during their life cycle and their treatment should be based on 
the type of risk. In addition, portfolios should be actively managed on the basis of a common metric (economic capital).
–
The main criterion when granting credit risks is the capability of the borrower or obligor to fulfill on a timely basis all financial 
obligations with its business income or source of income without depending upon guarantors, bondsmen or pledged assets.
–
Improve the financial health of our clients, help them in their decision making and in the daily management of their finances 
based on personalized advice.
–
Help our clients in the transition towards a sustainable future, with a focus on climate change and inclusive and sustainable 
social development.
Credit risk management in the Group has an integrated structure for all its functions, allowing decisions to be taken objectively and 
independently throughout the life cycle of the risk.
–
At Group level: frameworks for action and standard rules of conduct are defined for handling risk, specifically, the channels, 
procedures, structure and supervision.
–
At the business area level: they are responsible for adapting the Group's criteria to the local realities of each geographical 
area and for direct management of risk according to the decision-making channel:
a.
Retail risks: in general, the decisions are formalized according to the scoring tools, within the general framework 
for action of each business area, with regard to risks. The changes in weighting and variables of these tools must 
be validated by the Global Risk Management (hereinafter "GRM") area.
Consolidated Financial Statements Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
55
Translation of the Consolidated Financial Statements originally issued in Spanish and prepared in accordance with EU-IFRS, as adopted 
by the European Union (see Notes 1 to 56). In the event of a discrepancy, the Spanish-language version prevails

b.
Wholesale risks: in general, the decisions are formalized by each business area within its general framework for 
action with regard to risks, which incorporates the delegation rule and the Group's corporate policies.
The risk function has a decision-making process supported by a structure of committees with a solid governance scheme, which 
describes their purposes and functioning for a proper performance of their tasks. 
In addition, credit risk is affected by climate change risk, mainly through physical and transition risks that may impact the payment 
capacity of counterparties and the valuation of the collateral used and, therefore, expected credit losses (see "Environmental, social 
and governance (“ESG”) risks may adversely impact the Group").
In 2024, the Group has begun incorporating climate risk factors into the process of calculating expected credit losses for loan 
portfolios through statistical models that consider both potential damage to collateral and the effect on customers' ability to pay due 
to physical and transition risks in the Group's main geographies (Spain, Mexico and Turkey). In particular, transition risk has been 
assessed using an approach that allows capturing its effect on the probability of default (PD) and the impact on customers' provisions 
in Stage 2 as well as a transfer of exposures from Stage 1 to Stage 2 for corporate portfolios. For physical risk, an approach has been 
used that would allow estimating the potential deterioration in the value of collateral (real estate assets in corporate and retail 
portfolios) and its effect on LGD. As of December 31, 2024, the impact recorded for these risks was not significant. The Group will 
continue working to incorporate in these models the information available from time to time. 
Support measures
In previous years, the Group reported information on the support measures that it provided to its customers under various legislative 
and sectorial initiatives. These measures included, in particular, those related to the COVID-19 pandemic, which affected several 
countries and geographical areas where the Group operates. In Spain, it included measures adopted under Royal Decree-Law 
6/2022, to alleviate liquidity tensions due to the increases in energy prices and raw materials. These measures have not had any 
significant impact on the consolidated financial statements of the BBVA Group as of and for the year ended December 31, 2024.
In addition, in Spain, the Code of Good Practices regulated by Royal Decree-Law 6/2012, as well as its subsequent amendments, 
establishes a code of good practices to alleviate the impact of the rise in interest rates on mortgage loans for primary residences, 
adopting other structural measures to improve the loan market. Up to the date of preparation of these Consolidated Financial 
Statements, the number and amount of operations granted to clients in compliance with this Code of Good Practices remain reduced.
In 2024, these support measures implemented in Spain were supplemented by those introduced by Royal Decree-Law 6/2024, which 
adopted urgent measures to address the damage caused by the torrential rains and floods - Isolated Depression in High Levels - 
(DANA) in various Spanish municipalities between October 28 and November 4, 2024, especially in the Valencian Community. These 
measures include the granting of state-guaranteed financing and payment deferrals for borrowers meeting specific requirements. 
The BBVA Group is facilitating the channelling of this financing through the so-called "DANA Guarantee Line" and granting payment 
deferrals in accordance with the provisions of Royal Decree-Law 6/2024. These measures have not had any significant impact on the 
consolidated financial statements of the BBVA Group as of and for the year ended December 31, 2024.
7.2.1
Measurement of Expected Credit Loss
IFRS 9 requires determining the Expected Credit Loss (hereinafter "ECL") of a financial instrument in a way that reflects an unbiased 
estimation removing any conservatism or optimism, including the time value of money and a forward-looking perspective (including 
the economic forecast), all this based on the information that is available at a certain point in time and that is reasonable and bearable 
with respect to future economic conditions.
Therefore, the recognition and measurement of ECL is highly complex and involves the use of significant analysis and estimation 
including formulation and incorporation of forward-looking economic conditions into the ECL model.
The modeling of the ECL calculation is subject to a governance system that is common to the entire Group. Within this common 
framework, each geographical area makes the necessary adaptations to capture its particularities. The methodology, assumptions 
and observations used by each geographical area are reviewed annually, and after a validation and approval process, the outcome of 
this review is incorporated into the ECL calculations.
Risk parameters by homogeneous groups
Expected losses can be estimated both individually and collectively. Regarding the collective estimate, the instruments are distributed 
in homogeneous groups (segments) that share similar risk characteristics. Following the guidelines established by the Group for the 
development of models under IFRS 9, each geographical area performs the grouping based on the information available, its 
representativeness or relevance and compliance with the necessary statistical requirements.
Depending on the portfolio or the parameter being estimated, one risk driver or another will apply and different segments will reflect 
differences in PDs and LGDs. Thus, in each segment, changes in the level of credit risk will respond to the impact of changing 
conditions on the common range of credit risk drivers. The effect on the Group’s credit risk in response to changes in forward-looking 
information will be considered as well. Macroeconomic modeling for each segment is carried out using some of the shared risk 
characteristics.
Consolidated Financial Statements Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
56
Translation of the Consolidated Financial Statements originally issued in Spanish and prepared in accordance with EU-IFRS, as adopted 
by the European Union (see Notes 1 to 56). In the event of a discrepancy, the Spanish-language version prevails

These segments share credit risk characteristics such that changes in credit risk in a part of the portfolio are not concealed by the 
performance of other parts of the portfolio. In that sense, the methodology developed for ECL estimation indicates the risk drivers 
that have to be taken into account for PD segmentation purposes, depending on whether the estimation is for retail or wholesale 
portfolios.
As an example of the variables that can be taken into consideration to determine the final models, the following stand out:
–
PD – Retail: Contractual residual maturity, credit risk scoring, type of product, days past due, forbearance, time on books, 
time to maturity, nationality of the debtor, sale channel, original term, indicator of credit card activity, percentage of initial 
drawn balance in credit cards.
–
PD – Wholesale: Credit Risk Rating, type of product, watch-list level, forbearance (client), time to maturity, industry sector, 
updated balance (y/n), written off, grace period.
–
LGD – Retail: credit Risk Scoring, segment, type of product, secured / unsecured, type of collateral, sales channel, 
nationality, business area, debtor’s commercial segment, forbearance (account) EAD (this risk driver could be correlated 
with the time on books or the LTV so, before including it, an assessment should be done in order to avoid a double counting 
effect), time on default of the account (for defaulted exposures), geographical location.
–
LGD – Wholesale: credit Risk Rating, geographical location, segment, type of product, secured / Unsecured, type of 
collateral, business area, forbearance (client), debtor’s commercial segment time on default of the deal (for defaulted 
exposures).
–
CCF – Wholesale/retail, percentage of initial drawn balance, debtor’s commercial segment, days past due, forbearance, 
credit limit activity, time on books.
In the BBVA Group, the expected losses calculated are based on the internal models developed for all the Group's portfolios, unless 
clients are subject to individualized estimates.
Low Default Portfolios, which include portfolios with high credit quality such as exposures to other credit institutions, sovereign debt 
or corporates and small client's portfolios with high exposures such as specialized lending or fixed income, are characterized by a low 
number of defaults, so the Group's historical bases do not contain sufficiently representative information to build impairment models 
based on them. However, there are external sources of information that, based on broader observations, are capable of providing the 
necessary inputs to develop models of expected losses. Therefore, based on the rating assigned to these exposures and taking into 
account the inputs obtained from these sources, the calculations of expected losses are developed internally, including their 
projection based on the macroeconomic perspectives.
Individual estimation of Expected Credit Losses
The Group periodically and individually reviews the situation and credit rating of its customers, regardless of their classification, 
taking into consideration the information deemed necessary to do so. It also has procedures in place within the risk management 
framework to identify the factors that may lead to increased risk and, consequently, to a greater need for provisions.
The monitoring model established by the Group consists of continuously monitoring the risks to which it is exposed, which guarantees 
their proper classification in the different categories of IFRS 9. The original analysis of the exposures is reviewed through the 
procedures for updating the rating tools (rating and scoring), which periodically review the financial situation of clients, influencing the 
classification by stages of exposures.
Within this credit risk management framework, the Group has procedures that seek to guarantee the review, at least annually, of all its 
wholesale counterparties through the so-called financial programs, which include the current and proposed positioning of the Group 
with the customer in terms of credit risk. This review is based on a detailed analysis of the client's up-to-date financial situation, which 
is complemented by other information available in relation to individual perspectives on business performance, industry trends, 
macroeconomic prospects or other public data. As a result of this analysis, the preliminary rating of the client is obtained, which, after 
undergoing the internal procedure, can be revised down if deemed appropriate (for example, general economic environment or 
evolution of the sector). These factors in addition to the information that the client can provide are used to review the ratings even 
before the scheduled financial plan reviews are conducted if circumstances so warrant.
Additionally, the Group has established procedures to identify wholesale customers in the internal Watch List category, which is 
defined as that risk in which, derived from an individualized credit analysis, an increase in credit risk is observed, either due to 
economic or financial difficulties or because they have suffered, or are expected to suffer, adverse situations in their environment, 
without meeting the criteria for classification as impaired risk. Under this procedure, all a customer's Watch List exposures are 
considered stage 2 regardless of when they originated, if as a result of the analysis the customer is considered to have significantly 
increased risk.
Finally, the Group has Workout Committees, both local and corporate, which analyze not only the situation and evolution of significant 
clients in Watch List and impaired situations, but also those significant clients in which, although not on Watch List, may present some 
stage 2 rated exposure for a quantitative reason (PD comparison from origination). This analysis is carried out in order to decide if, 
derived from this situation, all the client's exposures should be considered in the Watch List category, which would imply the 
migration of all the client's operations to stage 2 regardless of the date on which they originated.
Consolidated Financial Statements Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
57
Translation of the Consolidated Financial Statements originally issued in Spanish and prepared in accordance with EU-IFRS, as adopted 
by the European Union (see Notes 1 to 56). In the event of a discrepancy, the Spanish-language version prevails

With this, the Group undertakes an individualized review of the credit quality of its wholesale counterparties, identifying the situations 
in which a change in the risk profile of these clients may have occurred and proceeding, where appropriate, to estimate individualized 
credit losses. Along with this review, the Group individually estimates the expected losses of those clients whose total exposure 
exceeds certain thresholds, including those that part of their operations may be classified in stage 1 and part in stage 2. In setting 
thresholds, each geographical area determines the minimum amount of a client's exposure whose expected losses must be estimated 
individually taking into account the following:
–
For clients with exposures in stage 3. The analysis of clients with total risk above this threshold implies analyzing at least 
40% of the total risk of the wholesale portfolio in stage 3. Although the calibration of the threshold is done on the wholesale 
portfolio, clients of other portfolios must be analyzed if they exceed the threshold, staying in stage 3.
–
For all other situations. The analysis of clients with total risk above this threshold implies analyzing at least 20% of the total 
risk of the Watch List wholesale portfolio. Although the threshold calibration is carried out on the exposure classified as 
Watch List, wholesale clients or clients belonging to other portfolios that have exposures classified in stage 2 and whose 
total exposure exceeds the mentioned threshold must be analyzed individually, considering both the exposures classified in 
stage 1 as in stage 2.
Regarding the methodology for the individual estimation of expected losses, it should be mentioned, firstly, that these are measured 
as the difference between the asset’s carrying amount and the estimated future cash flows discounted at the financial asset’s 
effective interest rate.
The estimated recoverable amount should correspond to the amount calculated under the following method:
–
the present value of estimated future cash flows discounted at the financial asset’s original effective interest rate; and 
–
the estimation of the recoverable amount of a collateralized exposure reflects the cash flows that may result from the 
settlement of the collateral, as well as prospective information the analyst may implicitly include in the analysis.
The estimated future cash flows depend on the type of approach applied, which can be:
–
Going concern scenario: when the entity has updated and reliable information about the solvency and ability of payment of 
the holders or guarantors. The operating cash flows of the debtor, or the guarantor, continue and can be used to repay the 
financial debt to all creditors. In addition, collateral may be exercised to the extent it does not influence operating cash 
flows. The following aspects should be taken into account:
a.
Future operating cash flows should be based on the financial statements of the debtor.
b.
When the projections made on these financial statements assume a growth rate, a constant or decreasing growth 
rate must be used over a maximum growth period of 3 to 5 years, and subsequently constant cash flows.
c.
The growth rate should be based on the analysis of the evolution of the debtor's financial statements or on a 
sound and applicable business restructuring plan, taking into account the resulting changes in the structure of the 
company (for example, due to divestments or the interruption of unprofitable lines of business).
d.
(Re)-investments that are needed to preserve cash flows should be considered, as well as any foreseeable future 
cash-flow changes (e.g. if a patent or a long-term loan expires).
e.
When the recoverability of the exposure relies on the realization of the disposal of some assets by the debtor, the 
selling price should reflect the estimated future cash flows that may result from the sale of the assets less the 
estimated costs associated with the disposal.
–
Gone concern scenario: when the entity does not have updated and reliable information, it should consider that the 
estimation of loan receivable flows is highly uncertain. Estimation should be carried out through the estimation of 
recoverable amounts from the effective real guarantees received. It will not be admissible as effective guarantees, those 
whose effectiveness depends substantially on the creditworthiness of the debtor or economic group in which it takes part. 
Under a gone concern scenario, the collateral is exercised and the operating cash flows of the debtor cease. This could be 
the case if:
a.
The exposure has been past due for a long period. There is a rebuttable presumption that the allowance should be 
estimated under a gone concern criterion when arrears are greater than 18 months. 
b.
Future operating cash flows of the debtor are estimated to be low or negative. 
c.
Exposure is significantly collateralized, and this collateral is central to cash-flow generation. 
d.
There is a significant degree of uncertainty surrounding the estimation of the future cash flows. This would be the 
case if the earnings before interest, taxes, depreciation and amortization (EBITDA) of the two previous years had 
been negative, or if the business plans of the previous years had been flawed (due to material discrepancies in the 
backtesting).
Consolidated Financial Statements Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
58
Translation of the Consolidated Financial Statements originally issued in Spanish and prepared in accordance with EU-IFRS, as adopted 
by the European Union (see Notes 1 to 56). In the event of a discrepancy, the Spanish-language version prevails

e.
Insufficient information is available to perform a going concern analysis.
Significant increase in credit risk
As indicated in Note 2.2, the criteria for identifying the significant increase in risk are applied consistently throughout the Group, 
distinguishing between quantitative reasons or by comparison of probabilities of default and qualitative reasons (more than 30 days 
of default, watch list consideration or non-impaired refinancing).
To manage credit risk, the Group uses all relevant information that is available and that may affect the credit quality of the exposures. 
This information may come mainly from the internal processes of admission, analysis and monitoring of operations, from the strategy 
defined by the Group regarding the price of operations or distribution by geographical areas, products or sectors of activity, from the 
observance of the macroeconomic environment, from market data such as interest rate curves, or prices of the different financial 
instruments, or from external sources of credit rating.
This set of information is the basis for determining the rating and scoring (see Note 7.2.4 for more information on rating and scoring 
systems) corresponding to each of the exposures and which are assigned a probability of default (PD) that, as already mentioned, is 
subject to an annual review process that assesses its representativeness (backtesting) and is updated with new observations. 
Furthermore, the projection of these PDs over time has been modeled based on macroeconomic expectations, which allows obtaining 
the probabilities of default throughout the life of the operations.
Based on this common methodology, and in accordance with the provisions of IFRS 9 and the EBA guidelines on credit risk 
management practices, each geographical area has established absolute and relative thresholds for identifying whether the expected 
changes in the probabilities of default have increased significantly compared to the initial moment, adapted to the particularities of 
each one of them in terms of origination levels, product characteristics, distribution by sectors or portfolios, and macroeconomic 
situation. To establish the aforementioned thresholds, a series of general principles are considered, such as:
–
Uniformity: Based on the rating and scoring systems that, in a homogeneous manner, are implemented in the Group's units.
–
Stability: The thresholds must be established to identify the significant increase in risk produced in exposures since their 
initial recognition and not only to identify those situations in which it is already foreseeable that they will reach the level of 
impairment. For this reason, it is to be expected that of the total exposures there will always be a representative group for 
which said increased risk is identified.
–
Anticipation: The thresholds must consider the identification of the increased risk in advance with respect to the recognition 
of the exposures as impaired or even before a real default occurs. The calibration of the thresholds should minimize the 
cases in which the instruments are classified in stage 3 without having previously been recognized as stage 2.
–
Indicators or metrics: It is expected that the classification of the exposures in stage 2 will have sufficient permanence to be 
able to develop an anticipatory management plan with respect to them before, where applicable, they end up migrating to 
stage 3.
–
Symmetry: IFRS 9 provides for a symmetric treatment both to identify the significant increase in risk and to identify that it 
has disappeared, so the thresholds also work to improve the credit classification of exposures. In this sense, it is expected 
that the cases in which the exhibitions that improve from stage 3 are directly classified into stage 1 will be minimal.
–
The identification of the significant increase in risk from the comparison of the probabilities of default should be the main 
reason why exposures in stage 2 are recognized.
Specifically, a contract will be transferred to stage 2 when the following two conditions are met by comparing the current PD values 
and the origination PD values:
(Current PD) / (Origination PD) - 1*100 >Relative Threshold (%) and
Current PD – Origination PD > Absolute threshold (bps)
These absolute and relative thresholds are consistently established for each geographical area and for each portfolio, taking into 
account their particularities and based on the principles described. The thresholds set by each geographical area are included within 
the annual review process and, generally speaking, are in the range of 130% to 250% for the relative threshold and from 30 to 100 
basis points for the absolute threshold. Specifically, in BBVA, S.A.'s wholesale portfolio the relative threshold is from 180% to 200% 
and the absolute threshold ranges from 30 to 100 basis points; in the retail portfolio the relative threshold is 200% while the absolute 
threshold ranges between 50 and 100 basis points. For BBVA Mexico, the relative threshold for the wholesale portfolio is between 
180% and 200% and the absolute threshold is between 30 basis points and 80 basis points. For the majority of the retail portfolio, the 
relative threshold is in the range of 170% and 250% and the absolute threshold between 10 and 100 basis points.
The establishment of absolute and relative thresholds, as well as their different levels, comply with the provisions of IFRS 9 when it 
indicates that a certain change, in absolute terms, in the risk of a default will be more significant for a financial instrument with a lower 
initial risk of default compared to a financial instrument with higher initial risk of default.
Consolidated Financial Statements Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
59
Translation of the Consolidated Financial Statements originally issued in Spanish and prepared in accordance with EU-IFRS, as adopted 
by the European Union (see Notes 1 to 56). In the event of a discrepancy, the Spanish-language version prevails

For existing contracts before the implementation of IFRS 9, given the limitations in the information available on them, the thresholds 
are calibrated based on the PDs obtained from the prudential or economic models for calculating capital.
Risk Parameters Adjusted by Macroeconomic Scenarios
Expected Credit Loss (ECL) must include forward looking information, in accordance with IFRS 9, which states that the 
comprehensive credit risk information must incorporate not only historical information but also all relevant credit information, also 
including forward-looking macroeconomic information. BBVA uses the typical credit risk parameters PD, LGD and EAD in order to 
calculate the ECL for the credit portfolios.
BBVA methodological approach in order to incorporate the forward looking information aims to determine the relation between 
macroeconomic variables and risk parameters following three main steps:
–
Step 1: Analysis and transformation of time series data.
–
Step 2: For each dependent variable find conditional forecasting models that are economically consistent.
–
Step 3: Select the best conditional forecasting model from the set of candidates defined in Step 2, based on their 
forecasting capacity.
How economic scenarios are reflected in the calculation of ECL
The forward looking component is added to the calculation of the ECL through the introduction of macroeconomic scenarios as an 
input. Inputs highly depend on the particular combination of region and portfolio, so inputs are adapted to available data regarding 
each of them.
Based on economic theory and analysis, the main indicators most directly relevant for explaining and forecasting the selected risk 
parameters (PD, LGD and EAD) are: 
–
The net income of families, corporates or public administrations.
–
The outstanding payment amounts on the principal and interest on the financial instruments. 
–
The value of the collateral assets pledged to the loan.
BBVA Group approximates these variables by using a proxy indicator from the set included in the macroeconomic scenarios provided 
by BBVA Research.
Only a single specific indicator for each of the three categories can be used and only one of the following core macroeconomic 
indicators should be chosen as first option:
–
The real GDP growth for the purpose of conditional forecasting can be seen as the only “factor” required for capturing the 
influence of all potentially relevant macro-financial scenarios on internal PDs and LGD.
–
The most representative short term interest rate (typically the policy rate or the most liquid sovereign yield or interbank 
rate) or exchange rates expressed in real terms.
–
A comprehensive and representative index of the price of real estate properties expressed in real terms in the case of 
mortgage loans and a representative and real term index of the price of the relevant commodity for corporate loan 
portfolios concentrated in exporters or producers of such commodity.
Real GDP growth is given priority over any other indicator not only because it is the most comprehensive indicator of income and 
economic activity but also because it is the central variable in the generation of macroeconomic scenarios.
Multiple scenario approach
IFRS 9 requires calculating an unbiased probability weighted measurement of ECL by evaluating a range of possible outcomes, 
including forecasts of future economic conditions. 
BBVA Research produces forecasts of the macroeconomic variables under the baseline scenario, which are used in the rest of the 
related processes of the Group, such as budgeting, ICAAP (Internal Capital Adequacy Assessment Process) and Risk Appetite 
Framework, stress testing, etc.
Additionally, BBVA Research produces alternative scenarios to the baseline scenario so as to meet the requirements under the IFRS 9 
standard.
Alternative macroeconomic scenarios
–
For each of the macro-financial variables, BBVA Research produces three scenarios. 
Consolidated Financial Statements Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
60
Translation of the Consolidated Financial Statements originally issued in Spanish and prepared in accordance with EU-IFRS, as adopted 
by the European Union (see Notes 1 to 56). In the event of a discrepancy, the Spanish-language version prevails

–
BBVA Research tracks, analyzes and forecasts the economic environment to provide a consistent forward looking 
assessment about the most likely scenario and risks that impact BBVA’s footprint. To build economic scenarios, BBVA 
Research combines official data, econometric techniques and expert judgment.
–
Each of these scenarios corresponds to the expected value of a different area of the probabilistic distribution of the possible 
projections of the economic variables.
–
The non-linearity overlay is defined as the ratio between the probability-weighted ECL under the alternative scenarios and 
the baseline scenario, where the scenario’s probability depends on the distance of the alternative scenarios from the base 
one.
–
BBVA Group establishes equally weighted scenarios, being the probability 34% for the baseline scenario, 33% for the 
unfavorable alternative scenario and 33% for the favorable alternative scenario.
The approach in the BBVA Group consists on using the scenario that is the most likely scenario, which is the baseline scenario, 
consistent with the rest of internal processes (ICAAP, Budgeting, etc.) and then applying an overlay adjustment that is calculated by 
taking into account the weighted average of the ECL determined by each of the scenarios. This effect is calculated taking into account 
the average weight of the expected loss determined for each scenario.
It is important to note that in general, it is expected that the effect of the overlay is to increase the ECL. It is possible to obtain an 
overlay that does not have that effect, whenever the relationship between macro scenarios and losses is linear. 
On the other hand, the BBVA Group also takes into account the range of possible scenarios when defining its significant increase in 
credit risk. Thus, the PDs used in the quantitative process to identify the significant increase in credit risk will be those that result from 
making a weighted average of the PDs calculated under the three scenarios.
Macroeconomic scenarios 
The forward-looking information incorporated in the calculation of expected losses is in line with the macroeconomic perspectives 
published by BBVA Research, which are quarterly updated. 
BBVA Research forecasts a maximum of five years for the macroeconomic variables. The following forecasts (positive base and 
negative scenarios) of the GDP growth, unemployment rate and House Price Index (HPI), for the most relevant countries where they 
represent a significant factor, provided by BBVA Research, were used for the calculation of the ECL as of December 31, 2024:
Positive scenario of GDP, unemployment rate and HPI for the main geographical areas
Spain
Mexico
Turkey
Date
GDP
Unemployment
HPI
GDP
Unemployment
HPI
GDP
Unemployment
2024
3.13 %
10.97 %
3.01 %
1.25 %
2.75 %
4.57 %
3.25 %
8.79 %
2025
3.48 %
8.78 %
5.55 %
2.48 %
3.04 %
4.85 %
5.97 %
9.89 %
2026
5.02 %
8.17 %
6.98 %
3.87 %
3.03 %
4.38 %
8.35 %
9.27 %
2027
6.65 %
7.64 %
7.96 %
3.54 %
2.89 %
4.82 %
6.76 %
8.80 %
2028
7.05 %
7.21 %
7.69 %
3.58 %
2.77 %
5.12 %
5.88 %
8.81 %
2029
6.70 %
6.96 %
6.81 %
3.52 %
2.73 %
5.46 %
5.51 %
8.96 %
Peru
Argentina
Colombia
Date
GDP
Unemployment
GDP
Unemployment
GDP
Unemployment
2024
3.12 %
6.59 %
(3.66) %
10.37 %
2.16 %
10.20 %
2025
3.45 %
6.55 %
7.37 %
8.67 %
4.09 %
10.07 %
2026
4.15 %
6.44 %
8.83 %
7.13 %
4.68 %
9.72 %
2027
4.12 %
6.31 %
8.54 %
5.92 %
4.23 %
9.11 %
2028
3.70 %
6.20 %
8.60 %
5.05 %
4.21 %
8.55 %
2029
3.57 %
6.12 %
8.44 %
4.50 %
4.22 %
7.95 %
Consolidated Financial Statements Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
61
Translation of the Consolidated Financial Statements originally issued in Spanish and prepared in accordance with EU-IFRS, as adopted 
by the European Union (see Notes 1 to 56). In the event of a discrepancy, the Spanish-language version prevails

Base scenario of GDP, unemployment rate and HPI for the main geographical areas
Spain
Mexico
Turkey
Date
GDP
Unemployment
HPI
GDP
Unemployment
HPI
GDP
Unemployment
2024
3.09 %
11.43 %
2.99 %
1.24 %
2.75 %
4.57 %
3.18 %
8.80 %
2025
2.29 %
10.75 %
4.32 %
0.99 %
3.13 %
4.85 %
2.48 %
10.46 %
2026
1.69 %
10.35 %
2.99 %
1.64 %
3.25 %
4.21 %
4.52 %
10.73 %
2027
1.86 %
9.95 %
2.24 %
1.70 %
3.17 %
4.23 %
4.18 %
10.58 %
2028
1.80 %
9.55 %
1.61 %
1.87 %
3.08 %
4.36 %
4.11 %
10.52 %
2029
1.80 %
9.25 %
1.41 %
1.87 %
3.04 %
4.55 %
4.01 %
10.51 %
Peru
Argentina
Colombia
Date
GDP
Unemployment
GDP
Unemployment
GDP
Unemployment
2024
3.10 %
6.59 %
(3.76) %
10.38 %
1.96 %
10.20 %
2025
2.67 %
6.59 %
5.48 %
8.80 %
2.49 %
10.34 %
2026
2.70 %
6.57 %
4.47 %
7.55 %
3.19 %
10.26 %
2027
2.75 %
6.52 %
3.48 %
6.58 %
2.92 %
9.81 %
2028
2.45 %
6.47 %
3.54 %
5.85 %
2.96 %
9.36 %
2029
2.41 %
6.42 %
3.48 %
5.35 %
2.99 %
8.86 %
Negative scenario of GDP, unemployment rate and HPI for the main geographical areas
Spain
Mexico
Turkey
Date
GDP
Unemployment
HPI
GDP
Unemployment
HPI
GDP
Unemployment
2024
3.05 %
11.88 %
2.97 %
1.20 %
2.75 %
4.56 %
3.13 %
8.80 %
2025
1.18 %
12.71 %
3.15 %
(0.16) %
3.20 %
4.86 %
0.41 %
10.79 %
2026
(1.30) %
12.50 %
(0.53) %
(0.20) %
3.43 %
4.07 %
1.59 %
11.71 %
2027
(2.50) %
12.24 %
(2.81) %
0.14 %
3.41 %
3.76 %
2.37 %
11.83 %
2028
(3.11) %
11.88 %
(3.87) %
0.40 %
3.34 %
3.72 %
3.21 %
11.67 %
2029
(2.86) %
11.53 %
(3.55) %
0.42 %
3.32 %
3.79 %
3.18 %
11.47 %
Peru
Argentina
Colombia
Date
GDP
Unemployment
GDP
Unemployment
GDP
Unemployment
2024
2.92 %
6.60 %
(3.93) %
10.38 %
1.77 %
10.21 %
2025
0.56 %
6.73 %
2.46 %
9.02 %
0.30 %
10.68 %
2026
0.43 %
6.85 %
(0.60) %
8.10 %
0.93 %
11.04 %
2027
0.63 %
6.90 %
(1.79) %
7.35 %
1.16 %
10.81 %
2028
0.46 %
6.93 %
(1.53) %
6.73 %
1.36 %
10.49 %
2029
0.51 %
6.95 %
(1.41) %
6.25 %
1.44 %
10.09 %
Consolidated Financial Statements Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
62
Translation of the Consolidated Financial Statements originally issued in Spanish and prepared in accordance with EU-IFRS, as adopted 
by the European Union (see Notes 1 to 56). In the event of a discrepancy, the Spanish-language version prevails

The estimate for the next five years of the following rates, used in the measurement of the expected loss as of December 31, 2023, 
consistent with the latest estimates made public at that date, was:
Positive scenario of GDP, unemployment rate and HPI for the main geographical areas
Spain
Mexico
Turkey
Date
GDP
Unemployment
HPI
GDP
Unemployment
HPI
GDP
Unemployment
2023
2.52 %
11.84 %
(1.61) %
3.62 %
2.80 %
5.44 %
5.54 %
9.31 %
2024
2.12 %
10.32 %
0.89 %
3.79 %
3.11 %
4.98 %
7.11 %
8.82 %
2025
2.70 %
9.58 %
2.96 %
2.68 %
3.07 %
4.41 %
4.33 %
9.86 %
2026
2.55 %
8.81 %
2.11 %
2.67 %
3.04 %
4.14 %
3.92 %
10.68 %
2027
2.34 %
8.22 %
2.14 %
2.76 %
2.99 %
4.20 %
3.58 %
10.95 %
2028
2.13 %
7.67 %
1.88 %
2.85 %
2.87 %
5.09 %
3.58 %
11.01 %
Peru
Argentina
Colombia
Date
GDP
Unemployment
GDP
Unemployment
GDP
Unemployment
2023
0.33 %
6.85 %
(1.82) %
8.05 %
1.59 %
10.06 %
2024
4.57 %
6.63 %
0.42 %
9.46 %
2.80 %
10.99 %
2025
4.22 %
6.54 %
6.93 %
9.23 %
2.59 %
11.27 %
2026
2.88 %
6.35 %
3.13 %
8.34 %
3.03 %
11.03 %
2027
2.72 %
6.32 %
2.11 %
7.23 %
3.24 %
10.35 %
2028
2.51 %
6.28 %
2.13 %
6.11 %
3.42 %
9.90 %
Base scenario of GDP, unemployment rate and HPI for the main geographical areas
Spain
Mexico
Turkey
Date
GDP
Unemployment
HPI
GDP
Unemployment
HPI
GDP
Unemployment
2023
2.36 %
12.13 %
(1.93) %
3.40 %
2.82 %
5.47 %
4.46 %
9.63 %
2024
1.48 %
11.80 %
(0.92) %
2.91 %
3.27 %
4.90 %
3.50 %
10.28 %
2025
2.47 %
11.20 %
1.94 %
2.41 %
3.25 %
4.24 %
3.54 %
10.85 %
2026
2.53 %
10.40 %
1.74 %
2.60 %
3.18 %
4.14 %
3.79 %
11.05 %
2027
2.34 %
9.63 %
1.69 %
2.74 %
3.11 %
4.18 %
3.46 %
11.15 %
2028
2.13 %
8.98 %
1.43 %
2.83 %
2.99 %
5.07 %
3.46 %
11.20 %
Peru
Argentina
Colombia
Date
GDP
Unemployment
GDP
Unemployment
GDP
Unemployment
2023
(0.36) %
6.88 %
(3.01) %
8.28 %
1.24 %
10.11 %
2024
1.99 %
6.82 %
(4.04) %
10.48 %
1.47 %
11.25 %
2025
3.48 %
6.77 %
5.95 %
10.15 %
2.33 %
11.56 %
2026
2.88 %
6.55 %
3.03 %
8.95 %
3.03 %
11.32 %
2027
2.72 %
6.50 %
1.98 %
7.70 %
3.24 %
10.60 %
2028
2.51 %
6.46 %
2.00 %
6.60 %
3.42 %
10.09 %
Consolidated Financial Statements Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
63
Translation of the Consolidated Financial Statements originally issued in Spanish and prepared in accordance with EU-IFRS, as adopted 
by the European Union (see Notes 1 to 56). In the event of a discrepancy, the Spanish-language version prevails

Negative scenario of GDP, unemployment rate and HPI for the main geographical areas
Spain
Mexico
Turkey
Date
GDP
Unemployment
HPI
GDP
Unemployment
HPI
GDP
Unemployment
2023
2.21 %
12.40 %
(2.28) %
3.20 %
2.85 %
5.49 %
3.37 %
9.94 %
2024
0.86 %
13.23 %
(2.54) %
2.04 %
3.45 %
4.73 %
(0.33) %
11.73 %
2025
2.25 %
12.77 %
1.00 %
2.13 %
3.43 %
4.03 %
2.58 %
11.92 %
2026
2.48 %
11.98 %
1.22 %
2.53 %
3.33 %
4.00 %
3.71 %
11.43 %
2027
2.30 %
11.34 %
0.93 %
2.70 %
3.25 %
4.18 %
3.39 %
11.32 %
2028
2.09 %
10.57 %
0.67 %
2.79 %
3.13 %
5.07 %
3.39 %
11.36 %
Peru
Argentina
Colombia
Date
GDP
Unemployment
GDP
Unemployment
GDP
Unemployment
2023
(1.04) %
6.91 %
(4.16) %
8.49 %
0.87 %
10.15 %
2024
(0.60) %
7.03 %
(8.75) %
11.46 %
0.15 %
11.51 %
2025
2.73 %
7.02 %
4.77 %
11.04 %
2.03 %
11.84 %
2026
2.88 %
6.77 %
2.92 %
9.54 %
3.03 %
11.59 %
2027
2.72 %
6.71 %
1.82 %
8.17 %
3.24 %
10.90 %
2028
2.51 %
6.66 %
1.85 %
7.08 %
3.42 %
10.29 %
Sensitivity to macroeconomic scenarios
A sensitivity exercise has been carried out on the expected losses due to variations in the key hypotheses as they are the ones that 
introduce the greatest uncertainty in estimating such losses. As a first step, GDP and the House Price Index have been identified as 
the most relevant variables. These variables have been subjected to shocks of +/- 100 bps in their entire window with impact of the 
macro models. Independent sensitivities have been assessed, under the assumption of assigning a 100% probability to each 
determined scenario with these independent shocks. 
Variation in expected loss is determined both by re-staging (that is: in worse scenarios due to the recognition of lifetime credit losses 
for additional operations that are transferred to stage 2 from stage 1 where 12 months of losses are valued: or vice versa in 
improvement scenarios) as well as variations in the collective risk parameters (PD and LGD) of each financial instrument due to the 
changes defined in the macroeconomic forecasts of the scenario. The variation in the expected loss for the Group and the main 
portfolios and geographical areas is shown below:
Expected loss variation as of December 31, 2024
BBVA Group
Spain
Mexico
Turkey
GDP
Total 
Portfolio
Retail
Companies
Debt 
securities
Total 
Portfolio
Companies
Retail
Total 
Portfolio
Companies
Retail
Total 
Portfolio
Companies
Retail
- 100 bps
153
135
17
1
28
8
20
74
2
72
32
5
27
+100 bps
(170)
(145)
(20)
(1)
(26)
(8)
(18)
(92)
(3)
(89)
(33)
(9)
(21)
Housing 
price
- 100 bps
28
+100 bps
(27)
Consolidated Financial Statements Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
64
Translation of the Consolidated Financial Statements originally issued in Spanish and prepared in accordance with EU-IFRS, as adopted 
by the European Union (see Notes 1 to 56). In the event of a discrepancy, the Spanish-language version prevails

Expected loss variation as of December 31, 2023
BBVA Group
Spain
Mexico
Turkey
GDP
Total 
Portfolio
Retail
Companies
Debt 
securities
Total 
Portfolio
Companies
Retail
Total 
Portfolio
Companies
Retail
Total 
Portfolio
Companies
Retail
 - 100 bps
222
188
28
2
61
14
47
94
2
92
22
9
11
 +100 bps
(191)
(165)
(23)
(2)
(58)
(13)
(45)
(89)
(2)
(87)
(21)
(9)
(11)
Housing 
price
 - 100 bps
32
 +100 bps
(32)
Additional adjustments to expected loss measurement
The Group periodically reviews its individual estimates and its models for the collective estimate of expected losses as well as the 
effect of macroeconomic scenarios on them. In addition, the Group may supplement such expected losses to account for the effects 
that may not be included, either by considering additional risk factors, or by the incorporation of sectorial particularities or 
particularities that may affect a set of operations or borrowers, following a formal internal approval process established for this 
purpose, including the relevant Global Risk Management Committee (among the GRMC committees).
As of December 31, 2023, €227 million were recorded as adjustments in Spain due to the review of the Loss Given Default (LGD) of 
certain specific operations considered unlikely to pay mainly related to the mortgage portfolio, and €25 million in adjustments were 
recorded at a contract level in Turkey, due to the reclassification to Stage 2 of the credit exposure recorded in the five cities most 
affected by the February 2023 earthquake.
As of December 31, 2024, adjustments totaled €33 million at a Group level, and were the result of (i) new adjustments recorded in 
Spain as result of the damage caused by the torrential rains and floods - Isolated Depression at High Levels (DANA) - in different 
Spanish municipalities between October 28 and November 4, 2024; (ii) the elimination of the adjustments related to Spain referred to 
in the preceding paragraph, given that the criteria for making such adjustments was incorporated as part of the Group´s models for 
estimating expected loss, following the annual exercise of parameter recalibration for estimating expected loss; and (iii) the 
elimination of the adjustments related to Turkey referred to in the preceding paragraph due to the evolution of payment behavior of 
borrowers in the affected area.
Consolidated Financial Statements Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
65
Translation of the Consolidated Financial Statements originally issued in Spanish and prepared in accordance with EU-IFRS, as adopted 
by the European Union (see Notes 1 to 56). In the event of a discrepancy, the Spanish-language version prevails

7.2.2
Credit risk exposure
BBVA Group’s credit risk exposure by headings in the consolidated balance sheets as of December 31, 2024, 2023 and 2022 is 
provided below. It does not consider the loss allowances and the availability of collateral or other credit enhancements to ensure 
compliance with payment obligations. The details are broken down by category of financial instruments:
Maximum credit risk exposure (Millions of Euros)
Notes
December 
2024
Stage 1
Stage 2
Stage 3
Financial assets held for trading 
72,945
Equity instruments
10
6,760
Debt securities
10
27,955
Loans and advances
10
38,230
Non-trading financial assets mandatorily at fair value through profit or loss
10,546
Equity instruments
11
9,782
Debt securities
11
407
Loans and advances
11
358
Financial assets designated at fair value through profit or loss
12
836
Derivatives (trading and hedging) 
53,229
Financial assets at fair value through other comprehensive income
59,115
Equity instruments
13
1,451
Debt securities
57,639
55,315
2,309
16
Loans and advances to credit institutions
13
25
25
—
—
Financial assets at amortized cost
514,086
467,910
31,930
14,246
Debt securities
59,070
58,887
149
34
Loans and advances to central banks
8,261
8,261
—
—
Loans and advances to credit institutions
22,668
22,658
8
2
Loans and advances to customers
424,087
378,104
31,772
14,211
Total financial assets risk
710,757
Total loan commitments and financial guarantees
262,233
253,291
8,150
791
Loan commitments given
33
188,515
182,830
5,524
160
Financial guarantees given
33
22,503
21,513
798
192
Other commitments given
33
51,215
48,948
1,828
439
Total maximum credit exposure
972,990
Maximum credit risk exposure (Millions of Euros)
Notes
December
2023
Stage 1
Stage 2
Stage 3
Financial assets held for trading 
106,749
Equity instruments
10
4,589
Debt securities
10
28,569
Loans and advances
10
73,590
Non-trading financial assets mandatorily at fair value through profit or loss
8,737
Equity instruments
11
7,963
Debt securities
11
484
Loans and advances
11
290
Financial assets designated at fair value through profit or loss
12
955
Derivatives (trading and hedging) 
48,747
Financial assets at fair value through other comprehensive income
62,289
Equity instruments
13
1,217
Debt securities
61,047
60,255
771
21
Loans and advances to credit institutions
13
26
26
—
—
Financial assets at amortized cost
463,130
410,590
38,061
14,478
Debt securities
49,544
49,403
108
32
Loans and advances to central banks
7,176
7,176
—
—
Loans and advances to credit institutions
17,498
17,478
18
2
Loans and advances to customers
388,912
336,533
37,935
14,444
Total financial assets risk
690,606
Total loan commitments and financial guarantees
214,283
204,842
8,411
1,030
Loan commitments given
33
152,868
147,376
5,326
165
Financial guarantees given
33
18,839
17,612
998
229
Other commitments given
33
42,577
39,854
2,087
636
Total maximum credit exposure
904,889
Consolidated Financial Statements Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
66
Translation of the Consolidated Financial Statements originally issued in Spanish and prepared in accordance with EU-IFRS, as adopted 
by the European Union (see Notes 1 to 56). In the event of a discrepancy, the Spanish-language version prevails

Maximum credit risk exposure (Millions of Euros)
Notes
December 
2022
Stage 1
Stage 2
Stage 3
Financial assets held for trading 
70,763
Equity instruments
10
4,404
Debt securities
10
24,367
Loans and advances
10
41,993
Non-trading financial assets mandatorily at fair value through profit or loss
6,888
Equity instruments
11
6,511
Debt securities
11
129
Loans and advances
11
247
Financial assets designated at fair value through profit or loss
12
913
Derivatives (trading and hedging) 
53,101
Financial assets at fair value through other comprehensive income
65,497
Equity instruments
13
1,198
Debt securities
64,273
63,425
822
26
Loans and advances to credit institutions
13
26
26
—
—
Financial assets at amortized cost
425,803
378,407
33,873
13,523
Debt securities
36,730
36,463
237
30
Loans and advances to central banks
4,420
4,420
—
—
Loans and advances to credit institutions
16,066
15,997
69
—
Loans and advances to customers
368,588
321,528
33,568
13,493
Total financial assets risk
622,965
Total loan commitments and financial guarantees
192,568
181,427
9,993
1,147
Loan commitments given
33
136,920
130,459
6,283
177
Financial guarantees given
33
16,511
15,214
1,015
281
Other commitments given
33
39,137
35,753
2,695
689
Total maximum credit exposure
815,533
The maximum credit exposure presented in the table above is determined by type of financial asset as explained below:
–
In the case of financial instruments recognized in the consolidated balance sheets, exposure to credit risk is considered 
equal to its carrying amount (not including loss allowances) with the only exception of trading and hedging derivatives.
–
The maximum credit risk exposure on financial commitments and guarantees granted is the maximum that the Group 
would be liable for if these guarantees were called in, or the higher amount pending to be disposed from the customer in the 
case of commitments.
–
The calculation of risk exposure for derivatives is based on the sum of two factors: the derivatives fair value and their 
potential risk (or "add-on").
As of December 31, 2024, there are no financial assets classified as purchased or originated credit impaired in the consolidated 
balance sheets of the BBVA Group.
The breakdown by geographical area and stage of the maximum credit risk exposure, the accumulated allowances recorded and the 
carrying amount of the loans and advances to customers as of December 31, 2024, 2023 and 2022 is shown below:
December 2024 (Millions of Euros)
Gross exposure
Accumulated allowances
Carrying amount
Total
Stage 1
Stage 2
Stage 3
Total
Stage 1
Stage 2
Stage 3
Total
Stage 1
Stage 2
Stage 3
Spain (1)
232,185
208,969
15,637
7,579
(4,684)
(543)
(631)
(3,510)
227,501
208,426
15,006
4,069
Mexico
91,717
83,053
6,147
2,517
(3,055)
(1,210)
(542)
(1,303)
88,662
81,843
5,605
1,214
Turkey (2)
50,083
42,708
5,534
1,841
(1,784)
(243)
(390)
(1,151)
48,299
42,465
5,144
690
South America (3)
48,897
42,204
4,431
2,262
(2,079)
(393)
(283)
(1,403)
46,818
41,811
4,148
860
Others 
1,205
1,170
23
12
(9)
—
(1)
(7)
1,197
1,170
22
4
Total (4)
424,087
378,104
31,772
14,211
(11,611)
(2,389)
(1,847)
(7,374)
412,477
375,715
29,925
6,837
Of which: 
individual
(1,532)
(13)
(321)
(1,197)
Of which: 
collective
(10,079)
(2,376)
(1,526)
(6,177)
(1) Spain includes all countries where BBVA, S.A. operates.
(2) Turkey includes all countries in which Garanti BBVA operates.
(3) In South America, BBVA Group operates mainly in Argentina, Colombia, Peru and Uruguay.
(4) The amount of the accumulated allowances includes the provisions recorded for credit risk over the remaining expected lifetime of purchased financial instruments. Those 
provisions were determined at the moment of the Purchase Price Allocation and were originated mainly in the acquisition of Catalunya Banc S.A. (as of December 31, 2024, the 
remaining balance was €107 million). These valuation adjustments are recognized in the consolidated income statement during the residual life of the relevant instruments or 
value corrections are made when the losses materialize. 
Consolidated Financial Statements Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
67
Translation of the Consolidated Financial Statements originally issued in Spanish and prepared in accordance with EU-IFRS, as adopted 
by the European Union (see Notes 1 to 56). In the event of a discrepancy, the Spanish-language version prevails

December 2023 (Millions of Euros)
Gross exposure
Accumulated allowances
Carrying amount
Total
Stage 1
Stage 2
Stage 3
Total
Stage 1
Stage 2
Stage 3
Total
Stage 1
Stage 2
Stage 3
Spain (1)
214,522
183,503
22,953
8,066
(4,593)
(503)
(714)
(3,375)
209,929
183,000
22,239
4,690
Mexico
91,086
81,619
6,995
2,472
(3,049)
(1,097)
(620)
(1,332)
88,037
80,522
6,375
1,140
Turkey (2)
39,058
34,105
3,234
1,719
(1,641)
(167)
(314)
(1,160)
37,416
33,938
2,920
559
South America (3)
43,151
36,237
4,738
2,176
(1,976)
(319)
(377)
(1,280)
41,175
35,918
4,362
896
Others
1,094
1,069
15
11
(10)
—
(1)
(8)
1,085
1,068
14
2
Total (4)
388,912
336,533
37,935
14,444
(11,269)
(2,087)
(2,026)
(7,156)
377,643
334,446
35,909
7,287
Of which: 
individual
(1,665)
(15)
(471)
(1,179)
Of which: 
collective
(9,604)
(2,072)
(1,555)
(5,977)
(1) Spain includes all countries where BBVA, S.A. operates.
(2) Turkey includes all countries in which Garanti BBVA operates.
(3) In South America, BBVA Group operates mainly in Argentina, Colombia, Peru and Uruguay.
(4) The amount of the accumulated allowances includes the provisions recorded for credit risk over the remaining expected lifetime of purchased financial instruments. Those 
provisions were determined at the moment of the Purchase Price Allocation and were originated mainly in the acquisition of Catalunya Banc S.A. (as of December 31, 2023 the 
remaining balance was €142 million). These valuation adjustments are recognized in the consolidated income statement during the residual life of the relevant instruments or 
value corrections are made when the losses materialize.
December 2022 (Millions of Euros)
Gross exposure
Accumulated allowances
Carrying amount
Total
Stage 1
Stage 2
Stage 3
Total
Stage 1
Stage 2
Stage 3
Total
Stage 1
Stage 2
Stage 3
Spain (1)
214,066
186,977
19,621
7,468
(4,860)
(518)
(759)
(3,583)
209,206
186,459
18,862
3,885
Mexico
73,729
66,448
5,342
1,939
(2,496)
(955)
(475)
(1,066)
71,233
65,494
4,866
873
Turkey (2)
39,547
32,755
4,436
2,356
(2,105)
(224)
(358)
(1,523)
37,443
32,531
4,078
833
South America (3)
40,199
34,312
4,166
1,721
(1,768)
(318)
(345)
(1,105)
38,431
33,994
3,821
615
Others
1,047
1,035
3
9
(8)
—
—
(7)
1,039
1,035
3
2
Total (4)
368,588
321,528
33,568
13,493
(11,237)
(2,014)
(1,938)
(7,284)
357,351
319,513
31,629
6,208
Of which: 
individual
(2,164)
(21)
(604)
(1,539)
Of which: 
collective
(9,073)
(1,994)
(1,334)
(5,745)
(1) Spain includes all countries where BBVA, S.A. operates.
(2) Turkey includes all countries in which Garanti BBVA operates.
(3) In South America, BBVA Group operates mainly in Argentina, Colombia, Peru and Uruguay.
(4) The amount of the accumulated allowances includes the provisions recorded for credit risk over the remaining expected lifetime of purchased financial instruments. Those 
provisions were determined at the moment of the Purchase Price Allocation and were originated mainly in the acquisition of Catalunya Banc S.A. (as of December 31, 2022 the 
remaining balance was €190 million). These valuation adjustments are recognized in the consolidated income statement during the residual life of the operations or are applied to 
the value corrections when the losses materialize.
The breakdown by counterparty of the maximum credit risk exposure, the accumulated allowances recorded, as well as the carrying 
amount by stages of loans and advances to customers as of December 31, 2024, 2023 and 2022 is shown below:
December 2024 (Millions of Euros)
Gross exposure
Accumulated allowances
Net amount
Total
Stage 1
Stage 2
Stage 3
Total
Stage 1
Stage 2
Stage 3
Total
Stage 1
Stage 2
Stage 3
Public 
administrations
22,133
21,982
125
26
(23)
(8)
(7)
(8)
22,111
21,974
118
18
Other financial 
corporations
17,524
17,040
471
12
(26)
(13)
(5)
(9)
17,497
17,027
467
4
Non-financial 
corporations
197,521
179,727
12,780
5,014
(4,134)
(639)
(636)
(2,859)
193,386
179,087
12,143
2,156
Households
186,910
159,355
18,396
9,158
(7,427)
(1,729)
(1,199)
(4,499)
179,483
157,627
17,197
4,659
Loans and 
advances to 
customers
424,087
378,104
31,772
14,211
(11,611)
(2,389)
(1,847)
(7,374)
412,477
375,715
29,925
6,837
Consolidated Financial Statements Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
68
Translation of the Consolidated Financial Statements originally issued in Spanish and prepared in accordance with EU-IFRS, as adopted 
by the European Union (see Notes 1 to 56). In the event of a discrepancy, the Spanish-language version prevails

December 2023 (Millions of Euros)
Gross exposure
Accumulated allowances
Net amount
Total
Stage 1
Stage 2
Stage 3
Total
Stage 1
Stage 2
Stage 3
Total
Stage 1
Stage 2
Stage 3
Public 
administrations
23,294
23,105
164
25
(29)
(9)
(12)
(7)
23,265
23,096
152
18
Other financial 
corporations
13,271
13,072
187
12
(20)
(9)
(4)
(7)
13,251
13,062
183
6
Non-financial 
corporations
175,337
154,519
15,299
5,520
(4,274)
(517)
(795)
(2,962)
171,063
154,002
14,503
2,558
Households
177,009
145,837
22,286
8,886
(6,946)
(1,552)
(1,214)
(4,180)
170,063
144,285
21,071
4,706
Loans and 
advances to 
customers
388,912
336,533
37,935
14,444
(11,269)
(2,087)
(2,026)
(7,156)
377,643
334,446
35,909
7,287
December 2022 (Millions of Euros)
Gross exposure
Accumulated allowances
Net amount
Total
Stage 1
Stage 2
Stage 3
Total
Stage 1
Stage 2
Stage 3
Total
Stage 1
Stage 2
Stage 3
Public 
administrations
20,922
20,582
302
38
(30)
(8)
(11)
(11)
20,892
20,574
291
27
Other financial 
corporations
12,802
12,548
238
17
(37)
(15)
(12)
(10)
12,765
12,533
226
6
Non-financial 
corporations
170,929
149,501
15,087
6,340
(5,495)
(675)
(991)
(3,829)
165,433
148,826
14,096
2,511
Households
163,936
138,896
17,941
7,098
(5,675)
(1,316)
(925)
(3,434)
158,261
137,580
17,017
3,663
Loans and 
advances to 
customers
368,588
321,528
33,568
13,493
(11,237)
(2,014)
(1,938)
(7,284)
357,351
319,513
31,629
6,208
The breakdown by type of counterparty and product, net of loss allowances, and the gross carrying amount by type of counterparty 
as of December 31, 2024, 2023 and 2022 is shown below:
December 2024 (Millions of Euros)
Central 
banks
General 
governments
Credit 
institutions
Other financial 
corporations
Non-financial 
corporations
Households
Total
Gross carrying 
amount
On demand and short notice
—
8
—
59
3,140
2,099
5,307
5,521
Credit card debt
—
1
—
3
2,268
25,449
27,721
29,669
Commercial debtors
1,077
71
1,244
29,247
125
31,764
32,023
Finance leases
—
171
—
11
9,672
270
10,125
10,364
Reverse repurchase loans
—
219
9,157
44
—
—
9,420
9,422
Other term loans
7,803
20,519
7,529
11,771
148,167
151,313
347,102
356,002
Advances that are not loans
452
117
5,960
4,365
1,084
353
12,330
12,397
LOANS AND ADVANCES
8,255
22,111
22,719
17,497
193,579
179,610
443,769
455,399
By secured loans
Of which: mortgage loans 
collateralized by immovable property
245
—
680
29,307
97,627
127,860
130,633
Of which: other collateralized loans
—
6,059
9,628
530
10,996
2,648
29,861
30,129
By purpose of the loan
Of which: credit for consumption
67,446
67,446
72,447
Of which: lending for house purchase
98,570
98,570
100,218
By subordination
Of which: project finance loans
6,669
6,669
6,901
Consolidated Financial Statements Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
69
Translation of the Consolidated Financial Statements originally issued in Spanish and prepared in accordance with EU-IFRS, as adopted 
by the European Union (see Notes 1 to 56). In the event of a discrepancy, the Spanish-language version prevails

December 2023 (Millions of Euros)
Central 
banks
General 
governments
Credit 
institutions
Other financial 
corporations
Non-financial 
corporations
Households
Total
Gross carrying 
amount
On demand and short notice
—
6
—
73
1,933
1,028
3,040
3,175
Credit card debt
—
1
—
2
1,927
20,959
22,890
24,454
Commercial debtors
960
76
586
23,462
88
25,171
25,346
Finance leases
—
225
—
12
8,940
285
9,463
9,714
Reverse repurchase loans
1,345
—
5,786
92
—
—
7,223
7,234
Other term loans
4,878
21,662
5,329
9,300
134,024
147,491
322,683
331,813
Advances that are not loans
927
412
6,312
3,186
956
324
12,116
12,164
LOANS AND ADVANCES
7,151
23,265
17,502
13,251
171,241
170,175
402,586
413,901
By secured loans
Of which: mortgage loans 
collateralized by immovable property
271
—
526
24,829
96,772
122,397
125,328
Of which: other collateralized loans
1,347
6,933
4,558
465
10,938
2,430
26,671
26,963
By purpose of the loan
Of which: credit for consumption
59,892
59,892
64,303
Of which: lending for house purchase
97,555
97,555
99,224
By subordination
Of which: project finance loans
7,181
7,181
7,743
December 2022 (Millions of Euros)
Central 
banks
General 
governments
Credit 
institutions
Other financial 
corporations
Non-financial 
corporations
Households
Total
Gross carrying 
amount
On demand and short notice
—
6
—
352
2,810
933
4,101
4,266
Credit card debt
—
1
—
3
2,029
16,865
18,898
19,985
Commercial debtors
1,021
24
370
24,510
85
26,011
26,254
Finance leases
—
195
—
13
8,040
322
8,571
8,857
Reverse repurchase loans
302
—
5,251
102
—
—
5,655
5,674
Other term loans
3,802
19,438
4,009
7,995
126,949
139,925
302,118
311,553
Advances that are not loans
296
232
6,772
3,930
1,256
217
12,702
12,758
LOANS AND ADVANCES
4,401
20,892
16,057
12,765
165,593
158,348
378,056
389,347
By secured loans
Of which: mortgage loans 
collateralized by immovable property
297
—
337
23,970
95,056
119,659
122,719
Of which: other collateralized loans
498
5,382
5,073
548
6,635
2,209
20,345
20,675
By purpose of the loan
Of which: credit for consumption
51,344
51,344
54,718
Of which: lending for house purchase
95,249
95,249
96,716
By subordination
Of which: project finance loans
7,942
7,942
8,530
7.2.3
Mitigation of credit risk, collateralized credit risk and other credit enhancements
In certain cases, maximum credit risk exposure is reduced by collateral, credit enhancements and other actions which mitigate the 
Group’s exposure. The BBVA Group applies a credit risk hedging and mitigation policy deriving from a banking approach focused on 
relationship banking. The existence of guarantees could be a necessary but not sufficient instrument for accepting risks, as the 
assumption of risks by the Group requires prior evaluation of the debtor’s capacity for repayment, or that the debtor can generate 
sufficient resources to allow the amortization of the risk incurred under the agreed terms.
The policy of accepting risks is therefore organized into three different levels in the BBVA Group:
–
analysis of the financial risk of the transaction, based on the debtor’s capacity for repayment or generation of funds;
–
the constitution of guarantees that are adequate, or at any rate generally accepted, for the risk assumed, in any of the 
generally accepted forms: monetary, secured, personal or hedge guarantees; and
–
assessment of the repayment risk (asset liquidity) of the guarantees received.
This is carried out through a prudent risk policy that consists of the analysis of the financial risk, based on the capacity for 
reimbursement or generation of resources of the borrower, the analysis of the guarantee, assessing, among others, the efficiency, the 
robustness and the risk, the adequacy of the guarantee with the operation and other aspects such as the location, currency, 
concentration or the existence of limitations. Additionally, the necessary tasks for the constitution of guarantees must be carried out - 
in any of the generally accepted forms (collaterals, personal guarantees and financial hedge instruments) - appropriate to the risk 
assumed.
Consolidated Financial Statements Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
70
Translation of the Consolidated Financial Statements originally issued in Spanish and prepared in accordance with EU-IFRS, as adopted 
by the European Union (see Notes 1 to 56). In the event of a discrepancy, the Spanish-language version prevails

The procedures for the management and valuation of collateral are set out in the corporate general policies (retail and wholesale), 
which establish the basic principles for credit risk management, including the management of collaterals assigned in transactions with 
customers. The criteria for the systematic, standardized and effective treatment of collateral in credit transaction procedures in 
BBVA Group’s wholesale and retail banking are included in the Specific Collateral Rules.
The methods used to value the collateral are in line with the best market practices and imply the use of appraisal of real-estate 
collateral, the market price in market securities, the trading price of shares in mutual funds, etc. All the collaterals received must be 
correctly assigned and entered in the corresponding register. They must also have the approval of the Group’s legal units.
The valuation of the collateral is taken into account in the calculation of the expected losses. The Group has developed internal 
models to estimate the realization value of the collaterals received, the time that elapses until then, the costs for their acquisition, 
maintenance and subsequent sale, from real observations based on its own experience. This modeling is part of the LGD estimation 
processes that are applied to the different segments, and is included within the annual review and validation procedures.
The following is a description of the main types of collateral for each financial instrument class:
–
Debt instruments held for trading: The guarantees or credit enhancements obtained directly from the issuer or 
counterparty are implicit in the clauses of the instrument (mainly guarantees of the issuer).
–
Derivatives and hedging derivatives: In derivatives, credit risk is minimized through contractual netting agreements, where 
positive- and negative-value derivatives with the same counterparty are offset for their net balance. There may likewise be 
other kinds of guarantees and collaterals, depending on counterparty solvency and the nature of the transaction (mainly 
collaterals).
The summary of the offsetting effect (via netting and collateral) for derivatives and securities operations as of December 31, 
2024 is presented in Note 7.4.2.
–
Other financial assets designated at fair value through profit or loss and financial assets at fair value through other 
comprehensive income: The guarantees or credit enhancements obtained directly from the issuer or counterparty are 
inherent to the structure of the instrument (mainly personal guarantees).
As of December 31, 2024, 2023 and 2022, the BBVA Group had no significant credit risk exposure of impaired financial 
assets at fair value through other comprehensive income (see Note 7.2.2).
–
Financial assets at amortized cost:
a.
Loans and advances to credit institutions: These usually have the counterparty’s personal guarantee or pledged 
securities in the case of repos.
b.
Loans and advances to customers: Most of these loans and advances are backed by personal guarantees 
extended by the customer. There may also be collateral to secure loans and advances to customers (such as 
mortgages, cash collaterals, pledged securities and other collateral), or to obtain other credit enhancements 
(bonds or insurances).
c.
Debt securities: The guarantees or credit enhancements obtained directly from the issuer or counterparty are 
inherent to the structure of the instrument.
–
Financial guarantees, other contingent risks and drawable by third parties: these have the counterparty’s personal 
guarantee or other types of collaterals.
The disclosure of impaired loans and advances at amortized cost covered by collateral (see Note 7.2.5), shown by type of collateral, 
as of December 31, 2024, 2023 and 2022, is the following: 
Impaired loans and advances at amortized cost covered by collateral (Millions of Euros)
Maximum exposure 
to credit risk
Of which secured by collateral
Residential 
properties
Commercial 
properties
Cash
Others
Financial
December 2024
14,213
2,889
573
8
91
1,153
December 2023
14,446
3,167
771
5
91
1,226
December 2022
13,493
2,537
849
3
52
984
Consolidated Financial Statements Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
71
Translation of the Consolidated Financial Statements originally issued in Spanish and prepared in accordance with EU-IFRS, as adopted 
by the European Union (see Notes 1 to 56). In the event of a discrepancy, the Spanish-language version prevails

The value of guarantees received as of December 31, 2024, 2023 and 2022, is the following:
Guarantees received (Millions of Euros)
2024
2023
2022
Value of collateral
144,844
136,141
125,963
Of which: guarantees normal risks under special monitoring
11,318
14,274
12,826
Of which: guarantees non-performing risks
3,562
4,035
3,440
Value of other guarantees
56,589
53,462
40,050
Of which: guarantees normal risks under special monitoring
4,273
4,864
4,963
Of which: guarantees non-performing risks
1,153
1,226
984
Total value of guarantees received
201,433
189,602
166,013
The maximum credit risk exposure of impaired financial guarantees and other commitments as of December 31, 2024, 2023 and 
2022 amounts to €791 million, €1,030 million and €1,147 million, respectively (see Note 7.2.2).
7.2.4
Credit quality of financial assets that are neither past due nor impaired
The BBVA Group has tools that enable it to rank the credit quality of its transactions and customers based on an assessment and its 
correspondence with the probability of default (“PD”) scales. To analyze the performance of PD, the Group has a series of tracking 
tools and historical databases that collect the pertinent internally generated information. These tools can be grouped together into 
scoring and rating models.
Scoring
Scoring is a decision-making model that contributes to both the arrangement and management of retail loans: consumer loans, 
mortgages, credit cards for individuals, etc. Scoring is the tool used to decide to originate a loan, what amount should be originated 
and what strategies can help establish the price, because it is an algorithm that sorts transactions by their credit quality. This 
algorithm enables the BBVA Group to assign a score to each transaction requested by a customer, on the basis of a series of objective 
characteristics that have statistically been shown to distinguish between the quality and risk of this type of transactions. The 
advantage of scoring lies in its simplicity and homogeneity: all that is needed is a series of objective data for each customer, and this 
data is analyzed automatically using an algorithm.
There are three types of scoring, based on the information used and on its purpose:
–
Reactive scoring: measures the risk of a transaction requested by an individual using variables relating to the requested 
transaction and to the customer’s socio-economic data available at the time of the request. The new transaction is 
approved or rejected depending on the score.
–
Behavioral scoring: scores transactions for a given product in an outstanding risk portfolio of the entity, enabling the credit 
rating to be tracked and the customer’s needs to be anticipated. It uses transaction and customer variables available 
internally. Specifically, variables that refer to the behavior of both the product and the customer.
–
Proactive scoring: gives a score at customer level using variables related to the individual’s general behavior with the entity, 
and to his/her payment behavior in all the contracted products. The purpose is to track the customer’s credit quality and it 
is used to pre-approve new transactions.
Rating
Rating tools, as opposed to scoring tools, focus on the rating of customers: companies, corporations, SMEs, general governments, 
etc. A rating tool is an instrument that, based on a detailed financial study, helps determine a customer’s ability to meet his/her 
financial obligations. The final rating is usually a combination of various factors: on one hand, quantitative factors, and on the other 
hand, qualitative factors. It is a middle road between an individual analysis and a statistical analysis.
The main difference between ratings and scorings is that the latter are used to assess retail products, while ratings use a wholesale 
banking customer approach. Moreover, scorings only include objective variables, while ratings add qualitative information. And 
although both are based on statistical studies, adding a business view, rating tools give more weight to the business criterion 
compared to scoring tools.
For portfolios where the number of defaults is low (sovereign risk, corporates, financial entities, etc.) the internal information is 
supplemented by “benchmarking” of the external rating agencies (Moody’s, Standard & Poor’s and Fitch). To this end, each year the 
PDs compiled by the rating agencies at each level of risk rating are compared, and the measurements compiled by the various 
agencies are mapped against those of the BBVA master rating scale.
The probability of default of transactions or customers is calibrated with a long-term view, since its purpose is to measure the risk 
quality beyond its time of estimation, seeking to capture information representative of the behavior of the portfolios during a 
complete economic cycle (a long-term average probability of default). This probability is mapped to the master scale developed by 
the BBVA Group in order to facilitate a homogeneous classification of its different risk portfolios.
Consolidated Financial Statements Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
72
Translation of the Consolidated Financial Statements originally issued in Spanish and prepared in accordance with EU-IFRS, as adopted 
by the European Union (see Notes 1 to 56). In the event of a discrepancy, the Spanish-language version prevails

These different levels and their probability of default were calculated by using as a reference the rating scales and default rates 
provided by the external agencies Standard & Poor’s and Moody’s. These calculations establish the levels of probability of default for 
the BBVA Group’s Master Rating Scale. Although this scale is common to the entire Group, the calibrations (mapping scores to PD 
sections/Master Rating Scale levels) are carried out at tool level for each country in which the Group has tools available.
The table below outlines the distribution of the gross carrying amount of loans and advances to customers, contingent risk and 
commitments, in percentage terms, of the BBVA Group, based on their probability of default within 12 months and internal rating  
used in the calculation of the expected loss under IFRS 9, and their stages, as of December 31, 2024, 2023 and 2022:
Probability of default (basis points) and internal rating
2024
2023
2022
Subject to 12 
month ECL 
(stage 1)
Subject to 
lifetime ECL 
(stage 2)
Subject to 12 
month ECL 
(stage 1)
Subject to 
lifetime ECL 
(stage 2)
Subject to 12 
month ECL 
(stage 1)
Subject to 
lifetime ECL 
(stage 2)
Internal 
rating
PDs
%
%
%
%
%
%
AAA
0 to 2
3.2
—
3.8
—
5.5
0.1
AA+ to AA-
2 to 5
9.0
—
10.7
0.2
19.4
0.3
A+ to A-
5 to 11
17.1
—
25.4
0.5
19.9
0.7
BBB+ to BBB-
11 to 39
29.7
0.6
21.7
1.3
18.7
0.8
BB+ to BB-
39 to 194
23.5
1.7
20.6
2.1
18.4
1.9
B+ to B-
194 to 1,061
10.2
1.6
8.7
2.2
9.0
2.5
CCC+ to CCC-
1,061 to 2,121
1.2
0.5
1.0
0.6
1.0
0.7
CC+ to C
> 2,121
0.7
0.9
0.5
0.8
0.5
0.8
Total
94.5
5.5
92.4
7.6
92.3
7.7
7.2.5
Impaired loan risks
The breakdown of loans and advances within financial assets at amortized cost by type of counterparty, including their respective 
gross carrying amount, impaired amount and accumulated impairment as of December 31, 2024, 2023 and 2022 is as follows:
December 2024 (Millions of Euros)
Gross carrying 
amount
Impaired loans 
and advances
Accumulated 
impairment 
Central banks
8,261
—
(6)
General governments
22,133
26
(23)
Credit institutions
22,668
2
(13)
Other financial corporations
17,524
12
(26)
Non-financial corporations
197,521
5,014
(4,134)
Households
186,910
9,158
(7,427)
LOANS AND ADVANCES
455,016
14,213
(11,630)
December 2023 (Millions of Euros)
Gross carrying 
amount
Impaired loans 
and advances
Accumulated 
impairment 
Central banks
7,176
—
(25)
General governments
23,294
25
(29)
Credit institutions
17,498
2
(21)
Other financial corporations
13,271
12
(20)
Non-financial corporations
175,337
5,520
(4,274)
Households
177,009
8,886
(6,946)
LOANS AND ADVANCES
413,585
14,446
(11,316)
Consolidated Financial Statements Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
73
Translation of the Consolidated Financial Statements originally issued in Spanish and prepared in accordance with EU-IFRS, as adopted 
by the European Union (see Notes 1 to 56). In the event of a discrepancy, the Spanish-language version prevails

December 2022 (Millions of Euros)
Gross carrying 
amount
Impaired loans 
and advances
Accumulated 
impairment 
Central banks
4,420
—
(19)
General governments
20,922
38
(30)
Credit institutions
16,066
—
(35)
Other financial corporations
12,802
17
(37)
Non-financial corporations
170,929
6,340
(5,495)
Households
163,936
7,098
(5,675)
LOANS AND ADVANCES
389,073
13,493
(11,291)
The changes during the years 2024, 2023 and 2022 of impaired financial assets and guarantees given are as follows:
Changes in impaired financial assets and guarantees given (Millions of Euros)
2024
2023
2022
Balance at the beginning 
15,362
14,521
15,467
Additions
12,255
11,066
8,084
Decreases (1)
(7,346)
(5,795)
(5,742)
Net additions
4,909
5,272
2,342
Amounts written-off
(4,559)
(3,770)
(2,771)
Exchange differences and other
(820)
(660)
(517)
Balance at the end 
14,891
15,362
14,521
(1) Reflects the total amount of impaired loans derecognized from the consolidated balance sheet throughout the period as a result of monetary recoveries as well as mortgage 
foreclosures and real estate assets received in lieu of payment.
The changes during the years 2024, 2023 and 2022 in financial assets derecognized from the consolidated balance sheet as their 
recovery is considered unlikely ("write-offs"), is shown below:
 
Changes in impaired financial assets written-off from the balance sheet (Millions of Euros)
Notes
2024
2023
2022
Balance at the beginning 
24,787
22,595
21,990
Companies held for sale
—
—
—
Increase
3,547
3,841
2,871
Decrease:
(2,801)
(2,035)
(2,431)
Re-financing or restructuring
(1)
(1)
(2)
Cash recovery
47
(403)
(369)
(390)
Foreclosed assets
(1)
(3)
(25)
Sales (1)
(1,719)
(1,201)
(1,498)
Debt forgiveness
(669)
(410)
(368)
Time-barred debt and other causes 
(8)
(51)
(147)
Net exchange differences
(189)
385
165
Balance at the end
25,343
24,787
22,595
(1) Includes principal and interest.
As indicated in Note 2.2.1, although they have been derecognized from the consolidated balance sheet, the BBVA Group continues to 
attempt to collect on these written-off financial assets, until the rights to receive them are fully extinguished, either because it is a 
time-barred financial asset, the financial asset is forgiven, or other reason.
7.2.6
Gross carrying amount and loss allowances
Movements, measured over a 12-month period, in gross accounting balances and accumulated loss allowances during 2024, 2023 
and 2022 are recorded on the consolidated balance sheet as of December 31, 2024, 2023 and 2022 in order to cover the estimated 
impairment or reversal of impairment on loans and advances at amortized cost:
Consolidated Financial Statements Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
74
Translation of the Consolidated Financial Statements originally issued in Spanish and prepared in accordance with EU-IFRS, as adopted 
by the European Union (see Notes 1 to 56). In the event of a discrepancy, the Spanish-language version prevails

Changes in gross carrying amount of loans and advances at amortized cost. Year 2024 (Millions of Euros)
Stage 1
Stage 2
Stage 3
Total
Balance at the beginning
361,186
37,953
14,446
413,585
Transfers of financial assets:
(4,032)
1,625
2,407
—
from stage 1 to stage 2
(11,840)
11,840
—
—
from stage 2 to stage 1
9,830
(9,830)
—
—
to stage 3
(3,260)
(1,949)
5,208
—
from stage 3
1,238
1,564
(2,801)
—
Net annual origination of financial assets
64,222
(6,378)
1,108
58,952
Becoming write-offs
(333)
(112)
(3,149)
(3,594)
Foreign exchange
(13,508)
(1,137)
(557)
(15,203)
Modifications that do not result in derecognition
29
78
36
144
Other
1,460
(250)
(78)
1,131
Balance at the end
409,023
31,780
14,213
455,016
During 2024, the criteria for identifying significant increases in credit risk were reviewed and updated. As part of this update, certain 
short-term portfolio transactions, as well as those meeting the expanded definition of the low credit risk exception (see Note 2.2.1), 
were excluded from transfer based on certain quantitative criteria. These changes have led to a significant reduction in the Stage 2 
balance at the Group level during the last quarter of 2024, with the impact of these measures primarily concentrated in BBVA, S.A.
Changes in allowances of loans and advances at amortized cost. Year 2024 (Millions of Euros)
Stage 1
Stage 2
Stage 3
Total
Balance at the beginning
(2,131)
(2,026)
(7,158)
(11,316)
Transfers of financial assets:
105
(370)
(2,766)
(3,031)
from stage 1 to stage 2
103
(697)
—
(594)
from stage 2 to stage 1
(53)
327
—
275
to stage 3
93
146
(3,498)
(3,259)
from stage 3
(38)
(146)
732
548
Net annual origination of allowances
(1,059)
10
(1,125)
(2,174)
Becoming write-offs
321
107
2,909
3,337
Foreign exchange
325
213
1,075
1,613
Modifications that do not result in derecognition
3
35
(342)
(304)
Other
30
183
33
246
Balance at the end
(2,406)
(1,848)
(7,375)
(11,630)
For the year ended December 31, 2024, the impairment charges recognized under the heading “Impairment or reversal of impairment 
on financial assets not measured at fair value through profit or loss or net gains by modification" amounted to €5,745 million (€4,428 
million and €3,379 million for the years ended December 31, 2023 and 2022, respectively) (see Note 47).
 
Changes in gross carrying amount of loans and advances at amortized cost. Year 2023 (Millions of Euros)
Stage 1
Stage 2
Stage 3
Total
Balance at the beginning
341,944
33,636
13,493
389,073
Transfers of financial assets:
(11,647)
10,463
1,184
—
from stage 1 to stage 2
(18,172)
18,172
—
—
from stage 2 to stage 1
7,639
(7,639)
—
—
to stage 3
(3,203)
(2,297)
5,500
—
from stage 3
2,089
2,226
(4,316)
—
Net annual origination of financial assets
34,334
(5,233)
2,663
31,764
Becoming write-offs
(186)
(76)
(2,889)
(3,150)
Foreign exchange
(2,833)
(635)
(369)
(3,838)
Modifications that do not result in derecognition
(60)
(16)
476
401
Other
(365)
(187)
(112)
(665)
Balance at the end
361,186
37,953
14,446
413,585
Consolidated Financial Statements Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
75
Translation of the Consolidated Financial Statements originally issued in Spanish and prepared in accordance with EU-IFRS, as adopted 
by the European Union (see Notes 1 to 56). In the event of a discrepancy, the Spanish-language version prevails

Changes in allowances of loans and advances at amortized cost. Year 2023 (Millions of Euros)
Stage 1
Stage 2
Stage 3
Total
Balance at the beginning
(2,065)
(1,942)
(7,284)
(11,291)
Transfers of financial assets:
73
(336)
(2,527)
(2,790)
from stage 1 to stage 2
118
(681)
—
(563)
from stage 2 to stage 1
(113)
323
—
210
to stage 3
81
120
(2,935)
(2,734)
from stage 3
(13)
(97)
408
297
Net annual origination of allowances
(466)
(148)
(232)
(846)
Becoming write-offs
147
71
2,853
3,071
Foreign exchange
(52)
44
169
160
Modifications that do not result in derecognition
3
49
(304)
(252)
Other
229
235
167
631
Balance at the end
(2,131)
(2,026)
(7,158)
(11,316)
 Changes in gross carrying amount of loans and advances at amortized cost. Year 2022 (Millions of Euros)
Stage 1
Stage 2
Stage 3
Total
Balance at the beginning
300,167
34,213
14,657
349,037
Transfers of financial assets:
(5,041)
3,914
1,128
—
from stage 1 to stage 2
(12,726)
12,726
—
—
from stage 2 to stage 1
8,537
(8,537)
—
—
to stage 3
(1,941)
(1,831)
3,773
—
from stage 3
1,089
1,556
(2,645)
—
Net annual origination of financial assets
44,465
(4,201)
258
40,522
Becoming write-offs
(63)
(35)
(2,432)
(2,530)
Methodological changes and adoption of new 
standards
(672)
—
—
(672)
Foreign exchange
2,447
18
(461)
2,004
Modifications that do not result in derecognition
(2)
29
113
140
Other
643
(301)
231
573
Balance at the end
341,944
33,636
13,493
389,073
Changes in allowances of loans and advances at amortized cost. Year 2022 (Millions of Euros)
Stage 1
Stage 2
Stage 3
Total
Balance at the beginning
(1,990)
(2,091)
(7,061)
(11,142)
Transfers of financial assets:
63
33
(1,570)
(1,473)
from stage 1 to stage 2
110
(397)
—
(287)
from stage 2 to stage 1
(91)
374
—
283
to stage 3
51
204
(1,917)
(1,662)
from stage 3
(7)
(148)
347
193
Net annual origination of allowances
(406)
(273)
(663)
(1,342)
Becoming write-offs
186
30
1,890
2,106
Foreign exchange
(87)
248
—
161
Modifications that do not result in derecognition
—
48
(160)
(112)
Other
168
64
279
511
Balance at the end
(2,065)
(1,942)
(7,284)
(11,291)
The loss allowances recorded in the balance sheet to cover the impairment estimated in the debt securities amounted to €169, €166 
and €214 million as of December 31, 2024, 2023 and 2022, respectively. The variation is mainly due to changes in credit risk 
variations, mainly in Garanti BBVA, BBVA, S.A. and BBVA Argentina.
Additionally, the loss allowances recorded in the balance sheet to cover the impairment estimated in the commitments and 
guarantees given amounted to €667, €770 and €770 million as of December 31, 2024, 2023 and 2022, respectively (see Note 24). 
The variation is mainly driven by changes due to origination and acquisition in Garanti BBVA.
Consolidated Financial Statements Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
76
Translation of the Consolidated Financial Statements originally issued in Spanish and prepared in accordance with EU-IFRS, as adopted 
by the European Union (see Notes 1 to 56). In the event of a discrepancy, the Spanish-language version prevails

7.2.7
Refinancing and restructuring transactions 
Group policies and principles with respect to refinancing and restructuring transactions
Refinancing and restructuring transactions (see definition in the Glossary) are carried out with customers who have requested such a 
transaction in order to meet their current loan payments if they are expected, or may be expected, to experience financial difficulty in 
making the payments in the future.
The basic aim of a refinancing and restructuring transaction is to provide the customer with a situation of financial viability over time 
by adapting repayment of the loan incurred with the Group to the customer’s new situation of fund generation. The use of refinancing 
and restructuring for other purposes, such as to delay loss recognition, is contrary to BBVA Group policies. 
The BBVA Group’s refinancing and restructuring policies are based on the following general principles:
–
Refinancing and restructuring is authorized according to the capacity of customers to pay the new installments. This is done 
by first identifying the origin of the payment difficulties and then carrying out an analysis of the customers’ viability, 
including an updated analysis of their economic and financial situation and capacity to pay and generate funds. If the 
customer is a company, the analysis also covers the situation of the industry in which it operates. 
–
With the aim of increasing the solvency of the transaction, new guarantees and/or guarantors of demonstrable solvency are 
obtained where possible. An essential part of this process is an analysis of the effectiveness of both the new and original 
guarantees. 
–
This analysis is carried out from the overall customer or group perspective. 
–
Refinancing and restructuring transactions do not in general increase the amount of the customer’s loan, except for the 
expense inherent to the transaction itself. 
–
The capacity to refinance and restructure a loan is not delegated to the branches, but decided on by the risk units. 
–
The decisions made are reviewed from time to time with the aim of evaluating full compliance with refinancing and 
restructuring policies. 
These general principles are adapted in each case according to the conditions and circumstances of each geographical area in which 
the Group operates, and to the different types of customers involved.
In the case of retail customers (private individuals), the main aim of the BBVA Group’s policy on refinancing and restructuring a loan is 
to avoid default arising from a customer’s temporary liquidity problems by implementing structural solutions that do not increase the 
balance of the customer’s loan. The solution required is adapted to each case and the loan repayment is made easier, in accordance 
with the following principles: 
–
Analysis of the viability of transactions based on the customer’s willingness and ability to pay, which may be reduced, but 
should nevertheless be present. Therefore, in all cases the customer shall at least make interest payments, with certain 
limited exceptions where grace periods are afforded in respect of both principal and interest payments.
–
Refinancing and restructuring of transactions is only allowed on those loans in which the BBVA Group originally entered 
into.
–
Customers subject to refinancing and restructuring transactions are excluded from marketing campaigns of any kind.
In the case of non-retail customers (mainly companies, enterprises and corporates), refinancing/restructuring is authorized 
according to an economic and financial viability plan based on:
–
Forecasted future income, margins and cash flows to allow entities to implement cost adjustment measures (industrial 
restructuring) and a business development plan that can help reduce the level of leverage to sustainable levels (capacity to 
access the financial markets).
–
Where appropriate, the existence of a divestment plan for assets and/or operating segments that can generate cash to 
assist the deleveraging process.
–
The capacity of shareholders to contribute capital and/or guarantees that can support the viability of the plan.
In accordance with the Group’s policy, the conclusion of a loan refinancing and restructuring transaction does not mean the loan is 
reclassified from "impaired" or "significant increase in credit risk" to normal risk. The reclassification to "significant increase in credit 
risk" or normal risk categories must be based on the analysis mentioned earlier of the viability, upon completion of the probationary 
periods described below. 
Consolidated Financial Statements Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
77
Translation of the Consolidated Financial Statements originally issued in Spanish and prepared in accordance with EU-IFRS, as adopted 
by the European Union (see Notes 1 to 56). In the event of a discrepancy, the Spanish-language version prevails

The Group maintains the policy of including risks related to refinanced and restructured loans as either:
–
"Impaired assets", as although the customer is up to date with payments, they are classified as unlikely to pay when there 
are significant doubts that the terms of their refinancing may not be met; or
–
"Significant increase in credit risk" until the conditions established for their consideration as normal risk are met.
The assets classified as "Impaired assets" should comply with the following conditions in order to be reclassified to "Significant 
increase in credit risk":
–
The customer has to have paid a significant part of the pending exposure.
–
At least one year must have elapsed since the later of: i) the time at which the restructuring measures were extended, ii) the 
time when the exposure was classified as deteriorated, iii) the end of any grace period included in restructuring agreements. 
–
The customer does not have past due payments and objective criteria, demonstrating the borrower´s ability to pay, have 
been verified.
The conditions established for assets classified as “Significant increase in credit risk” to be reclassified out of this category are as 
follows:
–
The customer must have paid past-due amounts (principal and interest) since the date of the renegotiation or restructuring 
of the loan or other objective criteria, demonstrating the borrower´s ability to pay, have been verified; none of its exposures 
is more than 30 days past-due.
–
At least two years must have elapsed since completion of the renegotiation or restructuring of the loan or, if later, the date 
of reclassification from the deteriorated category. Regular payments must have been made during at least half of this 
probation period. They may be reclassified to normal risk as long as the significant increase in credit risk has been reversed 
within two years, although they must remain identified as refinanced/restructured until the minimum two-year trial period 
ends.
–
It is unlikely that the customer will have financial difficulties and, therefore, it is expected that the customer will be able to 
meet its loan payment obligations (principal and interest) in a timely manner.
Renewals and renegotiations are classified as normal risk, provided that there is no significant increase in risk. This classification is 
applicable initially, and in the event of any deterioration, the criteria established in the existing policy are followed. In this sense, the 
aforementioned conditions are considered, including, among others, the requirement that the facility is not more than 30 days past 
due and that it has not been identified as 'unlikely to pay'.
The BBVA Group’s refinancing and restructuring policy provides for the possibility of two modifications in a 24 month period for loans 
that are not in compliance with the payment schedule.
The internal models used to determine allowances for loan losses consider the restructuring and renegotiation of a loan, as well as re-
defaults on such a loan, by assigning a lower internal rating to restructured and renegotiated loans than the average internal rating 
assigned to non-restructured/renegotiated loans. This downgrade results in an increase in the probability of default (PD) assigned to 
restructured/renegotiated loans (with the resulting PD being higher than the average PD of the non- renegotiated loans in the same 
portfolios).
In any case, a restructuring will be considered impaired when the reduction in the present net value of the financial obligation is 
greater than 1%.
For quantitative information on refinancing and restructuring transactions see Appendix X.
7.2.8
Risk concentration
Policies for preventing excessive risk concentration 
In order to prevent the build-up of excessive risk concentrations at the individual, sector, portfolio and geography levels, BBVA Group 
maintains updated maximum permitted risk concentration indices which are tied to the various observable variables related to 
concentration risk. 
Together with the limits for individual concentration, the Group uses the Herfindahl index to measure the concentration of the Group's 
portfolio and the banking group's subsidiaries. At the BBVA Group level, the index reached implies a "very low" degree of 
concentration.
The limit on the Group’s exposure or financial commitment to a specific customer therefore depends on the customer’s credit rating, 
the nature of the risks involved, and the Group’s presence in a given market, based on the following guidelines:
Consolidated Financial Statements Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
78
Translation of the Consolidated Financial Statements originally issued in Spanish and prepared in accordance with EU-IFRS, as adopted 
by the European Union (see Notes 1 to 56). In the event of a discrepancy, the Spanish-language version prevails

–
The aim is, as much as possible, to reconcile the customer's credit needs (commercial/financial, short-term/long-term, 
etc.) with the interests of the Group.
–
Any legal limits that may exist concerning risk concentration are taken into account (relationship between risks with a 
customer and the capital of the shareholder´s entity that assumes them), the markets, the macroeconomic situation, etc.
–
The aim is to seek inter and intra-sector diversification in coherence with the metrics defined in the RAF for the Group and 
for the banking group's subsidiaries.
Risk concentrations by geographical area
The breakdown of the main figures in the most significant foreign currencies in the consolidated balance sheets is set forth in 
Appendix XI.
Sovereign risk concentration 
Sovereign risk management
The identification, measurement, control and monitoring of risk associated with sovereign risk transactions is carried out by a 
centralized unit within the BBVA Group's Risk Area. Its basic functions are preparing reports (called financial programs) on the 
countries with which it maintains cross-border risks (i.e. risks taken in a foreign currency from outside the country with borrowers in 
the country, whether public or private) and sovereign risks (i.e. risks with the local Sovereign of the country where the risk-taking unit 
is located), monitoring those risks, establishing risk limits, assigning ratings to the countries analyzed and, in general, supporting the 
Group in any information request regarding this type of transaction. The risk policies established in the financial programs are 
approved by the relevant risk committees.
The country risk unit tracks the evolution of the risks associated with the various countries to which the Group are exposed (including 
sovereign risk) on an ongoing basis in order to adapt its risk and mitigation policies to any macroeconomic and political changes that 
may occur. Moreover, it regularly updates its internal ratings and forecasts for these countries. The methodology is based on the 
assessment of quantitative and qualitative parameters which are in line with those used by certain multilateral organizations (the 
International Monetary Fund (IMF), the World Bank, etc.) rating agencies and export credit organizations.
For additional information on sovereign risk see Appendix XI.
Policies for Risk related to the developer and Real Estate sector in Spain
Policies and strategies established by the Group to deal with risks related to the developer and real-estate sector
BBVA Group has teams specializing in the management of the Real Estate Sector risk, given its economic importance and specific 
technical component. This specialization is not only in risk teams, but throughout the handling, commercial, problem risks and legal, 
etc. It also includes the research department of the BBVA Group (BBVA Research), which helps determine the medium/long-term 
vision needed to manage this portfolio. The policies established to address the risks related to the developer and real-estate sector, 
aim to accomplish, among others, the following objectives: to avoid concentration in terms of customers, products and regions; to 
estimate the risk profile for the portfolio; and to anticipate possible worsening of the portfolio within a sector is highly cyclical.
Specific policies for analysis and granting of new developer risk transactions
In the analysis of new transactions, the assessment of the commercial operation in terms of the economic and financial viability of the 
project has been one of the constant. The monitoring of the work, sales prospects and the legal situation of the project are essential 
aspects for the admission and follow-up of new real estate transactions. With regard the participation of the Risk Acceptance teams, 
they have a direct link and participate in the committees of areas such as Valuation, Legal, BBVA Research and Recoveries. This 
guarantees coordination and exchange of information in all the processes.
In this context, and within the current Real Estate cycle, the strategy with clients is subject to an Asset Allocation limit and to an action 
framework that allows defining a target portfolio, both in volume and in credit quality.
Risk monitoring policies
The base information for analyzing the real estate portfolios is updated monthly. There is a systematic monitoring of developments 
under close monitoring with the evolution of works and sales. 
Policies applied in the management of real estate assets in Spain
The internal Rules on Real Estate Financing, which establish recommendations for financing a new housing development business, are 
reviewed and updated annually.
The recommendations represent guidelines about how to manage the credit admission activity of BBVA Group entities based on best 
practices of markets in which this activity is performed. It is expected that a high percentage of the current transactions will be in 
compliance with the latter.
Consolidated Financial Statements Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
79
Translation of the Consolidated Financial Statements originally issued in Spanish and prepared in accordance with EU-IFRS, as adopted 
by the European Union (see Notes 1 to 56). In the event of a discrepancy, the Spanish-language version prevails

Risk concentration related to the developer and Real Estate sector in Spain
As of December 31, 2024, there is no risk concentration in the developer and real estate sector, taking into account that its weight in 
total wholesale risks in Spain was approximately 10%, while compared with the total risks in the portfolio (wholesale and retail), the 
Real Estate risk assumed was around 4%.
For quantitative information about the risk related to the developer and Real-Estate sector in Spain see Appendix XI. 
7.3
Structural risk
The structural risks are defined, in general terms, as the possibility of suffering losses in the banking book due to adverse movements 
in market risk factors.
In the Group, the following types of structural risks are defined, according to their nature: interest rate risk, credit spread risk, 
exchange rate risk and equity risk.
The scope of structural risks in the Group excludes market risks in the trading book that are clearly delimited and separated and are 
part of the Market Risks category. 
The Assets and Liabilities Committee (ALCO) is the main responsible body for the management of structural risks regarding liquidity/ 
funding, interest rate, credit spread, currency, equity and solvency. Every month, with the participation of the CEO and 
representatives from the areas of Finance, Risks and Business Areas, this committee monitors the structural risks and is presented 
with proposals with regard to action plans related with its management for its approval. These management proposals are made by 
the Finance area with a forward-looking focus, maintaining the alignment with the Risk Appetite Framework, trying to guarantee the 
recurrence of results and financial stability, as well as to preserve the solvency of the entity. All balance sheet management units have 
a local ALCO, which is permanently attended by members of the Corporate Center, and there is a corporate ALCO where 
management strategies are monitored and presented in the Group's subsidiaries.
The GRM area acts as an independent unit, ensuring adequate separation between the management and risk control functions, and is 
responsible for ensuring that the structural risks in the Group are managed according to the strategy approved by the Board of 
Directors.
Consequently, GRM deals with the identification, measurement, monitoring and control of those risks and their reporting to the 
corresponding corporate bodies. Through the GRMC, it performs the function of control and risk assessment and is responsible for 
developing the strategies, policies, procedures and infrastructure necessary to identify, evaluate, measure and manage the significant 
risks that the BBVA Group faces. To this end, GRM, through the corporate unit of Structural Risks, proposes a scheme of limits that 
defines the risk appetite set for each of the relevant structural risk types, both at Group level and by management units, which will be 
reviewed annually, reporting the situation periodically to the Group's corporate bodies as well as to the GRMC.
Additionally, both the management system and the control and measurement system for structural risks are necessarily adjusted to 
the Group's internal control model, complying with the evaluation and certification processes that comprise it. In this sense, the tasks 
and controls necessary for its scope of action have been identified and documented, supporting a regulatory framework which 
includes specific processes and measures for structural risks, from a broad geographical perspective.
Within the three lines of defense scheme in which BBVA's internal control model is based according to the most advanced standards 
in terms of internal control, the first line of defense is maintained by the Finance area, which is responsible for managing the structural 
risk.
As a second line of defense, GRM is in charge of identifying risks, and establishing policies and control models, periodically evaluating 
their effectiveness.
In the second line of defense, there are also the Internal Risk Control units, which independently review the Structural Risk control, 
and Internal Financial Control, which carries out a review of the design and effectiveness of the operational controls over structural 
risk management.
The third line of defense is represented by the Internal Audit area, an independent unit within BBVA Group, which is responsible for 
reviewing specific controls and processes.
7.3.1
Interest rate risk and credit spread in the banking book
The structural interest-rate risk (hereinafter "IRRBB") is related to the potential impact that variations in market interest rates may 
have on an entity's earnings, through the impact on net interest income and on the valuation of instruments accounted for at fair 
value, as well as on the equity. In order to properly measure IRRBB, BBVA Group takes into account all the main sources of this risk: 
repricing risk, yield curve risk, option risk and basis risk.
Furthermore, the credit spread risk in the banking book ("CSRBB") arises from the potential impact on the entity´s earnings and/or 
the value of equity of the banking book produced by a variation in the level of market credit spreads that are not explained by default 
or migration risk or by movements in market interest rates.
Consolidated Financial Statements Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
80
Translation of the Consolidated Financial Statements originally issued in Spanish and prepared in accordance with EU-IFRS, as adopted 
by the European Union (see Notes 1 to 56). In the event of a discrepancy, the Spanish-language version prevails

IRRBB and CSRBB management is carried out from a double perspective, the economic value of equity and earnings, including the 
management of net interest income and the monitorization of banking book instruments accounted at fair value with an impact on the 
income statement and/or on equity. In addition, the banking book instruments recorded based on their market value (fair value) are 
subject to specific monitoring, due to their impact on risk and on capital, through other comprehensive income or the income 
statement.
The exposure of a financial entity to adverse interest rates and credit spreads movements is a risk inherent to the development of the 
banking business, which is also, in turn, an opportunity to create economic value. Therefore, these risks must be effectively managed 
so that they are limited in accordance with the entity’s equity and in line with the expected economic result.
In BBVA, the purpose of IRRBB risk management is to maintain the recurrent generation of earnings in the event of market interest 
rate fluctuations, through the contribution to the net interest income and the control of the potential impacts on the mark-to-market 
of the fair value accounted portfolios, as well as to limit the capital consumption due to structural interest rate risk. Likewise, the 
spread risk management in banking book portfolios is aimed at limiting the impact on equity derived from changes in the valuation of 
fixed income instruments, which are used for balance sheet liquidity and interest rate risk management purposes in order to increase 
diversification, and maintaining the spread risk at levels aligned with the total volume of the investment portfolio and the equity of the 
Group, as well as limiting the impact on earnings when market credit spreads change.
These functions fall to the Global Asset & Liability Management (hereinafter "ALM") unit, within the Finance area, which, through 
ALCO, aims to guarantee the recurrence of results and preserve the solvency of the entity, always adhering to the risk profile defined 
by the management bodies of the BBVA Group.
IRRBB management is decentralized, and is carried out in each entity included in the structural balance sheet (banking book) of the 
BBVA Group with the supervision and coordination from the corporate unit of Global ALM, keeping the exposure to interest rates and 
credit spreads movements aligned with the strategy and the target risk profile of the Group, and in compliance with the regulatory 
requirements of the EBA guidelines.
Nature of interest rate risk and credit spread risk 
Repricing risk arises due to the difference between the repricing or maturity terms of the assets and liabilities, and represents the 
most frequent interest rate risk faced by financial entities. However, other sources of risk such as changes in the slope and shape of 
the yield curve, the reference to different indexes and the optionality risk embedded in certain banking transactions, are also taken 
into account by the risk control system.
BBVA's IRRBB and CSRBB in the banking book management and control process includes a set of metrics and tools that enable the 
capture of additional sources to properly monitor the risk profile of the Group, backed-up by assumptions that aim to characterize the 
behavior of the balance sheet items with the maximum accuracy.
The IRRBB and CSRBB measurement is carried out on a monthly basis, and includes probabilistic measures based on simulation 
methods of interest rate curves and credit spread shocks. The corporate methodology enables to capture additional sources of risk to 
the interest rate parallel shifts, such as the changes in slope shape and the basis of yield curves. Additionally, sensitivity analysis to 
multiple parallel shocks of different magnitude are also assessed on a regular basis. The process is run separately for each currency 
to which the Group is exposed, considering, at a later stage, the diversification effect among currencies and business units.
The risk measurement model is complemented by the assessment of ad-hoc scenarios, stress tests and reverse stress. Stress tests 
incorporate extreme scenarios both in market interest rates and in behavioral assumptions, in addition to the assessment of market 
scenarios by BBVA Research and the set of prescriptive scenarios defined according to EBA guidelines.
The internal measurement systems and models are subjected to a process of review and continuous improvement in order to keep 
them aligned with EBA guidelines.
Key assumptions of the model
In order to measure structural interest rate risk, the setting of assumptions on the evolution and behavior of certain balance sheet 
items is particularly relevant, especially those related to products without an explicit or contractual maturity which characteristics are 
not established in their contractual terms and must be therefore estimated.
The assumptions that characterize these balance sheet items must be understandable for the areas and bodies involved in risk 
management and control and remain duly updated, justified and documented. The modeling of these assumptions must be 
conceptually reasonable and consistent with the evidence based on historical experience, reviewed at least once a year and, if any, the 
behavior of the customers induced by the business areas. In order to provide the required dynamism to enhance the accuracy of 
assumptions and reflect specific market or management circumstances, risk models and metrics may incorporate parameters or 
adjustments based on expert judgment, subject to the internal governance measures established in this regard. Assumptions are 
regularly subject to a sensitivity analysis to assess and understand the impact of the modelling on the risk metrics.
Consolidated Financial Statements Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
81
Translation of the Consolidated Financial Statements originally issued in Spanish and prepared in accordance with EU-IFRS, as adopted 
by the European Union (see Notes 1 to 56). In the event of a discrepancy, the Spanish-language version prevails

The approval and update of the IRRBB behavioral models is subject to the corporate governance under the scope of GRM analytics. 
Thus, all the models must be duly inventoried and catalogued and comply with the requirements for their development, updating and 
changes management set out in the internal procedures. They are also subject to the corresponding internal validations and follow-up 
requirements established based on their relevance, as well as to backtesting procedures against experience to ratify the validity of the 
assumptions applied.
In view of the heterogeneity of the financial markets, customers and products in the multiple jurisdictions, each one of the entities of 
the Group is responsible for determining the behavior assumptions to be applied to the balance sheet items, always under the 
guidelines and the applicability of the corporate models existing in the Group.
The balance sheet behavioral assumptions stand out those established for the treatment of items without contractual maturity, 
mainly for demand customer deposits, and those related to the expectations on the exercise of interest rate options, especially 
relating to loans and deposits subject to prepayment risk.
For the modelling of demand deposits, a segmentation of the accounts in several categories is previously carried out depending on 
the characteristics of the customer (retail / wholesale) and the product (type of account / transactionality / remuneration), in order 
to outline the specific behavior of each segment.
In order to establish the remuneration of each segment, the relationship between the evolution of market interest rates and the 
interest rates of managed accounts is analyzed, with the aim of determining the translation dynamic (percentages and lags) of 
interest rates variations to the remuneration of the accounts. In this regard, consideration is given to the potential limitations in the 
repricing of these accounts in scenarios of low or negative rates, with special attention to retail customers, through the establishment 
of floors in the remuneration. 
The behavior assigned to each category of accounts is determined by an analysis of the historical evolution of the balances and the 
probability of cancellation of the accounts. For this, the volatile part of the balance assigned to a short-term maturity is isolated, thus 
avoiding fluctuations in the level of risk caused by specific variations in the balances and promoting stability in the management of the 
balance. Once the stable part is identified, a medium / long term maturity model is applied through a decay distribution based on the 
average term of the accounts and the conditional cancellation probabilities throughout the life of the product.
In addition, the behavior modeling incorporates, where appropriate, the relationship between the evolution of the balance of deposits 
and the levels of market interest rates. Consequently, the effect of rate variations on the stability of the deposits as well as the 
potential migration between the different types of products (on demand and time deposits) in each interest rate scenario are 
incorporated.
Equally relevant is the treatment of early cancellation options embedded in credit loans, mortgage portfolios and customer deposits. 
The evolution of market interest rates may condition, along with other variables, the incentive that customers have to prepay loans or 
deposits, modifying the future behavior of the balance amounts with respect to the forecasted contractual maturity schedule.
The detailed analysis of the historical information related to prepayment data, both partial and total prepayment, combined with other 
variables such as interest rates, allows estimating future amortizations and, where appropriate, their behavior linked to the evolution 
of such variables through the relationship between the incentive of the customer to prepay and the early cancellation speed.
The table below shows the profile of average structural interest rate risk and credit spread risk of the fixed income portfolio in the 
banking book classified as Held to Collect & Sale (HTC&S) in terms of sensitivities of the main currencies for the BBVA Group in 2024:
Sensitivity to interest-rate and credit spread analysis. Year 2024
Interest rate risk
 Credit spread
Impact on net interest income (1)
Impact on economic value (2)
Impact on economic 
value (2)
100 basis point 
increase
100 basis point 
decrease
100 basis point 
increase
100 basis point 
decrease
100 basis point 
increase
Euro
[0.5% , 1.5%]
[-1.5% , -0.5%]
[-2.5% , -1.5%]
[0.5% , 1.5%]
[-1.5% , -0.5%]
Mexican peso
[0.5% , 1.5%]
[-1.5% , -0.5%]
[-1.5% , -0.5%]
[0.5% , 1.5%]
[-0.5% , 0.5%]
U.S. dollar
[0.5% , 1.5%]
[-1.5% , -0.5%]
[0.5% , 1.5%]
[-1.5% , -0.5%]
[-0.5% , 0.5%]
Turkish lira
[-0.5% , 0.5%]
[-0.5% , 0.5%]
[-0.5% , 0.5%]
[-0.5% , 0.5%]
[-0.5% , 0.5%]
Other
[-0.5% , 0.5%]
[-0.5% , 0.5%]
[-0.5% , 0.5%]
[-0.5% , 0.5%]
[-0.5% , 0.5%]
BBVA Group
[1.5% , 2.5%]
[-3.5% , -2.5%]
[-3.5% , -2.5%]
[2.5% , 3.5%]
[-1.5% , -0.5%]
(1) Percentage of "12 months" net interest income for the BBVA Group.
(2) Percentage of CET1 (Fully Loaded) for BBVA Group.
Consolidated Financial Statements Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
82
Translation of the Consolidated Financial Statements originally issued in Spanish and prepared in accordance with EU-IFRS, as adopted 
by the European Union (see Notes 1 to 56). In the event of a discrepancy, the Spanish-language version prevails

Sensitivity to interest-rate and credit spread analysis. Year 2023
Interest rate risk
 Credit spread
Impact on net interest income (1)
Impact on economic value (2)
Impact on 
economic value (2)
100 basis point 
increase
100 basis point 
decrease 
100 basis point 
increase
100 basis point 
decrease
100 basis point 
increase
Euro
[0.5% , 1.5%]
[-1.5% , -0.5%]
[-0.5% , 0.5%]
[-0.5% , 0.5%]
[-1.5% , -0.5%]
Mexican peso
[0.5% , 1.5%]
[-1.5% , -0.5%]
[-1.5% , -0.5%]
[0.5% , 1.5%]
[-0.5% , 0.5%]
U.S. dollar
[0.5% , 1.5%]
[-1.5% , -0.5%]
[0.5% , 1.5%]
[-1.5% , -0.5%]
[-0.5% , 0.5%]
Turkish lira
[-0.5% , 0.5%]
[-0.5% , 0.5%]
[-0.5% , 0.5%]
[-0.5% , 0.5%]
[-0.5% , 0.5%]
Other
[-0.5% , 0.5%]
[-0.5% , 0.5%]
[-0.5% , 0.5%]
[-0.5% , 0.5%]
[-0.5% , 0.5%]
BBVA Group
[1.5% , 3.5%]
[-3.5% , -1.5%]
[-1.5% , -0.5%]
[0.5% , 1.5%]
[-1.5% , -0.5%]
(1) Percentage of "12 months" net interest income for the BBVA Group.
(2) Percentage of CET1 (Fully Loaded) for BBVA Group.
At an aggregate level, BBVA continues to maintain a limited risk profile, in accordance with the established objective within an 
environment of a cycle shift towards lower interest rates, having positive sensitivity to interest rate hikes in the net interest income.
In 2024, the actual and expected evolution of inflation, as well as the response of central banks to it, in addition to geopolitical events, 
have been the focus of the market's attention. In this sense, expectations regarding the number of rate cuts and their speed have 
been changing throughout the year, with some episodes of certain volatility.
Thus, while the ECB began its cycle of rate cuts in June and continued at its September, October and December meetings, the Federal 
Reserve cut rates in September with an initial 50 basis points, followed by an additional 25 basis points at its November meeting. Over 
the year as a whole, yield curves steepened, generally with falls in the short end and rises in the longer end. Spreads on peripheral 
curves continued to be well supported and narrowed during the year. The positivity observed in the American and European curves 
also carried over to Mexico and much of South America. Turkey, for its part, experienced a rebound in both real and nominal rates 
during the year. All in all, the Group's debt security portfolios performed heterogeneously during the year, with a notable increase in 
valuations in Spain, while they fell in Turkey.
The most relevant aspects related to the main geographical areas are the following:
–
Spain has a balance sheet characterized by a lending portfolio with a high proportion of variable-rate loans (mortgages 
and corporate lending) and liabilities composed mainly by customer demand deposits. The ALCO portfolio acts as a 
management lever and hedge for the balance sheet, mitigating its sensitivity to interest rate fluctuations. In an 
environment of high rates, the exposure of net interest income to movements in interest rates remains limited.
–
The reference interest rate in the Eurozone stood at 3.15% at the end of December 2024, the deposit facility rate at 
3.00% and the marginal credit facility rate at 3.40%. Additionally, as announced in March 2024, the ECB reduced the 
differential between the reference interest rate and the deposit facility rate to 15 basis points in September 2024. 
Regarding reinvestments under the Pandemic Emergency Purchase Program (PEPP), they were ended at the end of 
2024.
–
Mexico continues to show a balance between fixed and variable interest rates balances, which results in a limited 
sensitivity to interest rates fluctuations. Among the assets that are most sensitive to interest rate changes, the 
commercial portfolio stood out, while consumer and mortgage portfolios are mostly at a fixed rate. With regard to 
customer deposits, the high proportion of non-interest bearing deposits, which are insensitive to interest rate movements, 
should be highlighted. The ALCO portfolio is invested primarily in fixed-rate sovereign bonds with limited durations. The 
monetary policy rate stood at 10.00% at the end of 2024, 125 basis points below the end-of-year level of 2023.
–
In Turkey, deposit sensitivity is offset by the ALCO portfolio and loans (fixed rate and relatively short-term). Interest rate 
sensitivity remains limited thanks to the various management actions carried out by the Bank. In 2023, the Central Bank 
of the Republic of Turkey (hereinafter "CBRT") implemented successive increases in monetary policy rates, raising 
interest rates to 42.50% by the end of 2023. Subsequently, after maintaining the benchmark rates at 50% until November 
2024, they were reduced to 47.50% by the end of December 2024. The CBRT is expected to continue lowering official 
rates, which is expected to be positive for the customer spread in 2025.
–
In South America, the net interest income sensitivity continues to be limited since most of the countries in the area have a 
fixed/variable composition. In addition, in balance sheets with several currencies, the interest rate risk is managed for 
each of the currencies, showing a very low level of exposure. Regarding benchmark rates, in Peru it stood at 5.00% as of 
December 2024, 175 basis points below its 2023 closing level while in Colombia, the central bank set the benchmark 
interest rate at 9.50%, accumulating a cut of 350 basis points in 2024. In Argentina, the central bank maintains the 
benchmark interest rate at 32%, which is a decrease of 68 basis points compared to the end of December 2023.
Consolidated Financial Statements Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
83
Translation of the Consolidated Financial Statements originally issued in Spanish and prepared in accordance with EU-IFRS, as adopted 
by the European Union (see Notes 1 to 56). In the event of a discrepancy, the Spanish-language version prevails

7.3.2
Structural exchange-rate risk 
Structural exchange rate risk, is defined as the possibility of impacts on solvency, equity value and results driven by fluctuations in the 
exchange rates due to exposures in foreign currencies. 
Structural exchange rate risk is inherent to the business of international banking groups, such as BBVA, that develop their activities in 
different geographical areas and currencies. At a consolidated level, structural exchange-rate risk arises from the consolidation of 
holdings in subsidiaries with functional currencies other than the euro. Its management is centralized in order to optimize the joint 
management of permanent foreign currency exposures, taking diversification into account. 
The purpose of structural exchange rate risk management is protecting solvency by limiting volatility of the consolidated CET1 ratio 
and income to consolidate denominated in a currency other the euro in the Group, as well as to limit the capital requirements under 
exchange rate fluctuations to which the Group is exposed due to its international diversification. The ALM Global corporate unit, 
through the ALCO, is responsible for the management of this risk all through an active hedging policy, deliberately taken for each 
objective, and fully aligned with the management strategy.
At the corporate level, the risk monitoring metrics included in the limits framework are aligned with the Risk Appetite Framework, and 
are targeted to control the effects on the solvency through the economic capital metric and the fluctuations in the Common Equity 
Tier I fully loaded (CET1 fully loaded) consolidated ratio, as well as the maximum deviation in the Group's attributable profit. The 
probabilistic metrics make it possible to estimate the joint impact of exposure to different currencies taking into account the different 
variability in exchange rates and their correlations. These metrics are supplemented with additional assessment indicators.
The suitability of these risk assessment metrics is reviewed on a regular basis through backtesting exercises. The final element of 
structural exchange-rate risk control is the stress and scenario analysis aimed to assess the vulnerabilities of foreign currency 
structural exposure not contemplated by the risk metrics and to serve as an additional tool when making management decisions. The 
scenarios are based both on historical situations simulated by the risk model and on the risk scenarios provided by BBVA Research.
The purpose of the exchange rate risk management of BBVA's long term investments, which arises mainly from its foreign franchises, 
is to preserve the capital ratios of the Group and to maintain the stability of the profits. The year 2024 was characterized by the 
strength of the dollar against the euro (+6.4%), reflecting the strength of the U.S. economy and the expectation that the new 
administration's policies will generate greater growth and inflation. Among the emerging currencies, the Mexican peso depreciated 
strongly (-13.1% against the euro) affected by the election results in Mexico and the new administration in the United States. The 
Turkish lira was again penalized in 2024 (-11.1%), but to a much lesser extent than in 2023. As for the performance of South American 
currencies, the Peruvian sol appreciated against the euro (+5.2%), the Colombian peso weakened (-7.8%), while the Chilean peso 
depreciated by -5.6%. Finally, the Argentine peso experienced a significant depreciation (-16.8%) but it did so in an environment of 
stabilization of the country's macroeconomic variables, which are expected to lay the foundations for future economic recovery.
BBVA maintains management policies for the main investments in emerging countries with the objective of reaching a coverage level, 
in average terms, between 40% and 50% of the aggregate attributable profit in non-euro currencies expected to be generated by the 
group in the next twelve months and around 70% of the aggregate excess capital in non-euro currencies in CET1. In relation to the 
CET1 capital ratio, the estimated sensitivities at the end of 2024 of a 10% depreciation in the relevant currency was as follows: 
Mexican peso (-9 basis points); Turkish lira (-4 basis points) and U.S. dollar (+20 basis points). 
For the years 2024, 2023 and 2022, the estimated sensitivities (in absolute terms) of the result attributable to the parent company 
are shown below, taking into account the coverage, against depreciations and appreciations of 1% of the average rate in the main 
currencies. To the extent that hedging positions are periodically modulated, the sensitivity estimate attempts to reflect an average (or 
effective) sensitivity in the year:
Sensitivity to 1% change (Millions of Euros)
Currency
2024
2023
2022
Mexican peso
27.8
25.8
19.1
Turkish lira
3.3
4.4
3.5
Peruvian sol
1.4
0.9
0.7
Chilean peso
0.2
0.2
0.4
Colombian peso
0.4
1.0
0.9
Argentine peso
1.8
1.3
1.9
7.3.3
Equity risk in the banking book
Equity risk in the banking book refers to the possibility of suffering losses in the value of positions in shares and other equity 
instruments held in the banking book with long or medium term investment horizons due to fluctuations in the value of equity indexes 
or shares.
BBVA Group's exposure to structural equity risk arises largely from minority shareholdings held on industrial and financial companies, 
and in new business (innovation). This exposure is modulated in some portfolios with positions held on derivative instruments on the 
same underlying assets, in order to adjust the portfolio sensitivity to potential changes in equity prices. 
Consolidated Financial Statements Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
84
Translation of the Consolidated Financial Statements originally issued in Spanish and prepared in accordance with EU-IFRS, as adopted 
by the European Union (see Notes 1 to 56). In the event of a discrepancy, the Spanish-language version prevails

The structural equity risk management is aimed at increasing the income-generating capacity of those shares held by the Group, 
limiting the capital requirements for equity risk and narrowing the impact on the solvency level through a proactive management of 
the portfolio using hedges. The function of managing the main structural equity portfolios is a responsibility of the specialized units of 
the corporate areas of Global ALM, Strategy & M&A and Client Solutions (Banking for Growth Companies). Their activity is subject to 
the corporate structural equity risk management policy, complying with the defined management principles and Risk Appetite 
Framework.
The structural equity risk metrics, designed by GRM according to the corporate model, contribute to the effective monitoring of the 
risk by estimating the sensitivity and the capital necessary to cover the possible unexpected losses due to changes in the value of the 
shareholdings in the Group's investment portfolio, with a level of confidence that corresponds to the objective rating of the entity, 
taking into account the liquidity of the positions and the statistical behavior of the assets to be considered.
In order to analyze the risk profile in depth, stress tests and scenario analysis of sensitivity to different simulated scenarios are carried 
out. They are based on both past crisis situations and forecasts made by BBVA Research. These analyses are carried out regularly to 
assess the vulnerabilities of structural equity exposure not contemplated by the risk metrics and to serve as an additional tool when 
making management decisions.
Backtesting is carried out on a regular basis on the risk measurement model used.
Equity markets performed very positively in 2024 but with more modest gains in Europe than in the United States, reflecting the 
differences in economic dynamism in both blocks. The monetary easing cycle initiated by central banks supported stock market 
increases, but were prevented from converging towards official targets by persistent inflation. The technology sector led the 
increases in the United States, driven by the adoption of artificial intelligence solutions, while in Europe, the banking sector performed 
exceptionally well, enabling it to lead the European stock markets. At the local level, the Spanish stock market presented one of the 
best performances at the European level, although with less dynamism than in 2023. Telefónica, where the Group holds a stake 
classified as equity in its banking book, performed in line with the evolution of the European telecommunications sector.
Structural equity risk, measured in terms of economic capital, has increased during the last year due to the higher exposure taken. 
The aggregate sensitivity of the BBVA Group’s consolidated equity to a 1% fall in the price of shares of the companies making up the 
equity portfolio amounted to €-27 million as of December 31, 2024, compared to €-24 million as of December 31, 2023. This 
estimation takes into account the exposure in shares valued at market prices, or if not applicable, at fair value (excluding the positions 
in the Treasury Area portfolios) and the net delta-equivalent positions in derivatives on the same underlyings.
7.4
Market risk
Market risk originates from the possibility of experiencing losses in the value of positions held as a result of movements in market 
variables that affect the valuation of financial assets and liabilities. Market risk in the Group's trading portfolios stems mainly from the 
portfolios originated by Global Markets valued at fair value and held for the purpose of trading and generating short-term results. 
Market risk in the field of banking book is clearly and distinctly addressed and can be broken down into structural risks relating to 
interest rate and credit spread, exchange rate and equity (see Note 7.3).
Additionally, market risk may be affected by ESG factors due to the effect they may have on the Group, clients and counterparties 
(see Note 7.1).
7.4.1
Market risk in trading portfolios 
The main risks in the trading portfolios can be classified as follows:
–
Interest-rate risk: This arises as a result of exposure to movements in the different interest-rate curves involved in trading. 
Although the typical products that generate sensitivity to the movements in interest rates are money-market products 
(deposits, interest-rate futures, call money swaps, etc.) and traditional interest-rate derivatives (swaps and interest-rate 
options such as caps, floors, swaptions, etc.), practically all the financial products are exposed to interest-rate movements 
due to the effect that such movements have on the valuation of the financial discount.
–
Equity risk: This arises as a result of movements in share prices. This risk is generated in spot positions in shares or any 
derivative products whose underlying asset is a share or an equity index. Dividend risk is a sub-risk of equity risk, arising as 
an input for any equity option. Its variation may affect the valuation of positions and it is therefore a factor that generates 
risk on the books.
–
Exchange-rate risk: This is caused by movements in the exchange rates of the different currencies in which a position is 
held. As in the case of equity risk, this risk is generated in spot currency positions, and in any derivative product whose 
underlying asset is an exchange rate. In addition, the quanto effect (operations where the underlying asset and the 
instrument itself are denominated in different currencies) means that in certain transactions in which the underlying asset is 
not a currency, an exchange-rate risk is generated that has to be measured and monitored.
–
Credit-spread risk: Credit spread is an indicator of an issuer's credit quality. Spread risk occurs due to variations in the 
levels of spread of both corporate and government issues, and affects positions in bonds and credit derivatives.
Consolidated Financial Statements Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
85
Translation of the Consolidated Financial Statements originally issued in Spanish and prepared in accordance with EU-IFRS, as adopted 
by the European Union (see Notes 1 to 56). In the event of a discrepancy, the Spanish-language version prevails

–
Volatility risk: This occurs as a result of changes in the levels of implied price volatility of the different market instruments on 
which derivatives are traded. This risk, unlike the others, is exclusively a component of trading in derivatives and is defined 
as a first-order convexity risk that is generated in all possible underlying assets in which there are products with options that 
require a volatility input for their valuation. 
The metrics developed to control and monitor market risk in the BBVA Group are aligned with market practices and are implemented 
consistently across all the local market risk units. 
Measurement procedures are established in terms of the possible impact of negative market conditions on the trading portfolio of the 
Group's Global Markets units, both under ordinary circumstances and in situations of heightened risk factors.
The standard metric used to measure market risk is Value at Risk (hereinafter “VaR”), which indicates the maximum loss that may 
occur in the portfolios at a given confidence level (99%) and time horizon (one day). This statistic value is widely used in the market 
and has the advantage of summing up in a single metric the risks inherent to trading activity, taking into account how they are related 
and providing a prediction of the loss that the trading book could sustain as a result of fluctuations in equity prices, interest rates, 
foreign exchange rates and credit spreads. Additionally, for certain positions, other risks need to be considered, such as a credit 
spread, base, volatility or correlation risk. 
With respect to the risk measurement models used by the BBVA Group, the Supervisor has authorized the use of the internal market 
risk model to determine bank capital requirements deriving from risk positions on the BBVA, S.A. and BBVA Mexico trading book, 
which jointly accounted for around 66%, 76% and 63% of the Group’s trading-book market risk as of December 31, 2024, 2023 and 
2022. For the rest of the geographical areas where the Group operates (applicable mainly to the Group´s South America subsidiaries 
and Garanti BBVA), bank capital for the risk positions in the trading book is calculated using the Standardized Approach defined by 
the Basel Committee on Banking Supervision (which is referred to herein as the "standard model”).
The current management structure includes the monitoring of market-risk limits, consisting of a scheme of limits based on specific 
metrics according to market activities, (VaR (Value at Risk), economic capital, as well as stop-loss limits for each of the Group’s 
business units).
The model used estimates VaR in accordance with the historical simulation methodology, which involves estimating losses and gains 
that would have taken place in the current portfolio if the changes in market conditions that took place over a specific period of time in 
the past were repeated. Based on this information, it predicts the maximum expected loss of the current portfolio within a given 
confidence level. This model has the advantage of reflecting precisely the historical distribution of the market variables and not 
assuming any specific distribution of probability. The historical period used in this model is two years.
The VaR figures are estimated based on the VaR without smoothing methodology, which awards equal weight to the daily information 
for the previous two years. This is currently the official methodology for measuring market risks for the purpose of monitoring 
compliance with risk limits. The VaR stress metric is obtained in an analogous way (99% percentile, with 1-day loss), with a fixed 
window of 1 year within the established stress period, subject to revision and being specific to each geographical area to represent its 
stress period.
The use of VaR by historical simulation methodology as a risk metric has many advantages, but also certain limitations, among which 
it is worth highlighting:
–
The estimate of the maximum daily loss of the Global Markets portfolio positions (with a confidence level of 99%) depends 
on the market movements of the last two years, not picking up the impact of large market events if they have not occurred 
within that historical window.
–
The use of the 99% confidence level does not consider potential losses that can occur beyond this level. To mitigate this 
limitation, different stress exercises are also performed, as described later.
At the same time, and following the guidelines established by the Spanish and European authorities, BBVA incorporates metrics in 
addition to VaR with the aim of meeting the Bank of Spain's regulatory requirements with respect to the calculation of bank capital for 
the trading book. Specifically, the measures incorporated in the Group since December 2011 (stipulated by Basel 2.5) are:
–
VaR: In regulatory terms, the VaR charge incorporates the stressed VaR charge, and the sum of the two (VaR and stressed 
VaR) is calculated. This quantifies the losses associated with the movements of the risk factors inherent to market 
operations (including interest-rate risk, exchange-rate risk, equity risk and credit risk, among others). Both VaR and 
stressed VaR are rescaled by a regulatory multiplier (between three and four) and by the square root of ten to calculate the 
capital charge.
–
Specific Risk - Incremental Risk Capital (“IRC”): Quantification of the risks of default and changes of the credit ratings of the 
bond and derivative positions and debt funds with daily look-through or significant benchmark (correlation > 90%) in the 
trading portfolio. The IRC charge is exclusively applied in entities in respect of which the internal market risk model is used 
(i.e. BBVA, S.A. and BBVA Mexico). The IRC charge is determined based on the associated losses (calculated at 99.9% 
confidence level over a one-year horizon under the hypothesis of constant risk) due to a rating change and/or default of the 
issuer with respect to an asset. In addition, the price risk is included in sovereign positions for the specified items.
Consolidated Financial Statements Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
86
Translation of the Consolidated Financial Statements originally issued in Spanish and prepared in accordance with EU-IFRS, as adopted 
by the European Union (see Notes 1 to 56). In the event of a discrepancy, the Spanish-language version prevails

–
Specific Risk: Securitization, correlation portfolios and Investment funds without look-through. Capital charges for 
securitizations and correlation portfolios are assessed based on the potential losses associated with the occurrence of a 
credit event in the underlying exposures. They are calculated by the standard model. The scope of the correlations 
portfolios refers to the First To Default (FTD)-type market operation and/or tranches of market CDOs and only for positions 
with an active market and hedging capacity. Capital charge for Funds include losses associated with volatility and credit risk 
of the underling positions of the fund. All charges are calculated by the standard model.
Validity tests are performed regularly on the risk measurement models used by the Group. They estimate the maximum loss that 
could have been incurred in the assessed positions with a certain level of probability (backtesting), as well as measurements of the 
impact of extreme market events on risk positions (stress testing). As an additional control measure, backtesting is conducted at a 
trading desk level in order to enable more specific monitoring of the validity of the measurement models.
Market risk in 2024
The Group’s market risk related to its trading portfolio remained in 2024 at low levels compared to other risks managed by BBVA, 
particularly credit risk. This is due to the nature of the business. In 2024, the average VaR was €37 million, above the figure of 2023, 
with a maximum level in the year reached on February 19, 2024 of €50 million. The evolution in the BBVA Group’s market risk during 
2024, measured as VaR with a 99% confidence level and a 1-day horizon (shown in Millions of Euros) is as follows:
Interest
+ spread
Total
FX
Vega/Correlation
Stock Market
Diversification
Jan-24
Feb-24
Mar-24
Apr-24
May-24
Jun-24
Jul-24
Aug-24
Sept-24
Oct-24
Nov-24
Dec-24
-50
-40
-30
-20
-10
0
10
20
30
40
50
By type of market risk assumed by the Group's trading portfolio, the main risk factor for the Group continued to be that linked to 
interest rates, with a weight of 78% of the total as of December 31, 2024 (this figure includes the spread risk). The relative weight of 
this risk has increased 8 percentage points compared with the close of 2023. Exchange-rate risk accounted for 11% of the total risk, 
maintaining its weight with respect to December 2023, while equity, volatility and correlation risk has decreased, with a weight of 3% 
and 8% respectively, which implies a reduction of their relative weights of 3 and 5 percentage points, respectively with respect to 
2023.
Consolidated Financial Statements Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
87
Translation of the Consolidated Financial Statements originally issued in Spanish and prepared in accordance with EU-IFRS, as adopted 
by the European Union (see Notes 1 to 56). In the event of a discrepancy, the Spanish-language version prevails

As of December 31, 2024, 2023 and 2022 the VaR was €34 million, €36 million and €29 million, respectively, with the following 
breakdown:
VaR by Risk Factor (Millions of Euros) ⁽¹⁾
Interest/Spread 
risk
Currency risk
Stock-market 
risk
Vega/Correlation 
risk
Diversification 
effect ⁽²⁾
Total
2024
VaR average in the year
41
7
2
6
(20)
37
VaR max in the year
55
10
2
7
(23)
50
VaR min in the year
33
7
2
6
(19)
28
End of period VaR
37
5
2
4
(14)
34
2023
VaR average in the year
36
8
2
7
(22)
31
VaR max in the year
43
6
17
8
(33)
42
VaR min in the year
23
9
—
9
(23)
19
End of period VaR
41
6
4
8
(23)
36
2022
VaR average in the year
33
8
3
7
(23)
27
VaR max in the year
35
12
2
11
(24)
36
VaR min in the year
25
10
2
11
(28)
19
End of period VaR
32
13
7
5
(28)
29
(1) The maximum and minimum VaR figures show the VaR figures for the day on which said maximum and minimum VaRs occurred in the relevant year, by type of risk.
(2) The diversification effect is the difference between the sum of the average individual risk factors and the total VaR figure that includes the implied correlation between all the 
variables and scenarios used in the measurement.
Validation of the internal market risk model
The internal market risk model is validated on a regular basis by backtesting in both, BBVA, S.A. and Global Markets Mexico (in BBVA 
Mexico). The aim of backtesting is to validate the quality and precision of the internal market risk model used by BBVA Group to 
estimate the maximum daily loss of a portfolio, at a 99% level of confidence and a 250-day time horizon, by comparing the results of 
those entities and the risk measurements generated by the internal market risk model. These tests showed that the internal market 
risk model of both, BBVA, S.A. and Global Markets Mexico is adequate and precise.
Two types of backtesting have been carried out in 2024, 2023 and 2022:
–
"Hypothetical" backtesting: the daily VaR is compared with the results obtained, not taking into account the intraday results 
or the changes in the portfolio positions. This validates the appropriateness of the market risk metrics for the end-of-day 
position.
–
"Real" backtesting: the daily VaR is compared with the total results, including intraday transactions, but discounting the 
possible minimum charges or fees involved. This type of backtesting includes the intraday risk in portfolios.
In addition, each of these two types of backtesting was carried out at a risk factor or business type level, thus making a deeper 
comparison of the results with respect to risk measurements.
Between January 1, 2024 and December 31, 2024, and for the year ended December 31, 2024, the backtesting of the internal VaR 
calculation model was carried out, comparing the daily results obtained to the risk level estimated by the internal VaR calculation 
model. In that period, there was no negative exception neither in BBVA, S.A nor in BBVA Mexico.
At the end of the year the comparison showed the internal VaR calculation model was working correctly, thus validating the internal 
VaR calculation model, as has been the case each year since the internal market risk model was approved for the Group. 
Stress testing analysis
A number of stress tests are carried out on the BBVA Group's trading portfolios. First, global and local historical scenarios are used 
that replicate the behavior of an extreme past event, such as for example the collapse of Lehman Brothers or the "Tequilazo" crisis. 
These stress tests are complemented with simulated scenarios, where the aim is to generate scenarios that have a significant impact 
on the different portfolios, but without being anchored to any specific historical scenario. Finally, for some portfolios or positions, 
fixed stress tests are also carried out that have a significant impact on the market variables affecting these positions.
Consolidated Financial Statements Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
88
Translation of the Consolidated Financial Statements originally issued in Spanish and prepared in accordance with EU-IFRS, as adopted 
by the European Union (see Notes 1 to 56). In the event of a discrepancy, the Spanish-language version prevails

Historical scenarios
The historical benchmark stress scenario for the BBVA Group is Lehman Brothers, whose sudden collapse in September 2008 led to 
a significant impact on the behavior of financial markets at a global level. The following are the most relevant effects of this historical 
scenario:
–
Credit shock: reflected mainly in the increase of credit spreads and downgrades in credit ratings. 
–
Increased volatility in most of the financial markets giving rise to a great deal of variation in the prices of different assets 
(currency, equity, debt).
–
Liquidity shock in the financial systems, reflected by a major movement in interbank curves, particularly in the shortest 
sections of the euro and dollar curves.
Simulated scenarios
Unlike the historical scenarios, which are fixed and therefore not suited to the composition of the risk portfolio at all times, the 
scenario used for the exercises of economic stress is based on resampling methodology. This methodology is based on the use of 
dynamic scenarios that are recalculated periodically depending on the main risks affecting the trading portfolios. On a data window 
wide enough to collect different periods of stress (data are taken from January 1, 2008 until the date of the assessment), a simulation 
is performed by resampling of historic observations, generating a distribution of losses and gains that serve to analyze extreme 
market events within the selected historical window. The advantage of this methodology is that the period of stress is not 
predetermined, but depends on the portfolio maintained at each time, and making a large number of simulations (10,000 simulations) 
allows a greater richness of information for the analysis of expected shortfall than what is available in the scenarios included in the 
calculation of VaR.
The main features of this approach are: a) the generated simulations respect the correlation structure of the data, b) there is flexibility 
in the inclusion of new risk factors and c) it allows the introduction of a lot of variability in the simulations (desirable for considering 
extreme events).
The impact of the stress test under multivariable simulation of the risk factors of the portfolio based on the expected shortfall 
(expected shortfall calculated at a 97.5% confidence level, 20 days) as of December 31, 2024 is as follows:
Impact of the stress test (Millions of Euros)
0
Europe
Mexico
Peru
Venezuela
Argentina
Colombia
Turkey
Expected shortfall
(132)
(66)
(25)
—
(29)
(3)
(10)
7.4.2
Financial instruments offset
Financial assets and liabilities may be netted in certain cases. In particular, they are presented for a net amount on the consolidated 
balance sheet only when the Group's entities satisfy the provisions of IAS 32, so they have both the legal right to net recognized 
amounts, and the intention of settling the net amount or of realizing the asset and simultaneously paying the liability.
In addition, the Group has presented as gross amounts assets and liabilities on the consolidated balance sheet for which there are 
master netting arrangements in place, but for which there is no intention of settling the net amount. The most common types of 
events that trigger the netting of reciprocal obligations are bankruptcy of the entity, surpassing certain level of indebtedness 
threshold, failure to pay, restructuring and dissolution of the entity.
In the current market context, derivatives are contracted under different framework contracts being the most widespread the ones 
developed by the International Swaps and Derivatives Association (“ISDA”) and, for the Spanish market, the Framework Agreement 
on Financial Transactions (“CMOF”). Almost all portfolio derivative transactions have been concluded under these framework 
contracts, including in them the netting clauses mentioned in the preceding paragraph as "Master Netting Agreement", greatly 
reducing the credit exposure on these instruments. Additionally, in contracts signed with counterparties, the collateral agreement 
annexes called Credit Support Annex (“CSA”) in ISDA and Appendix III in CMOF are included, thereby minimizing exposure to a 
potential default of the counterparty.
Moreover, many of the transactions involving assets purchased or sold under a repurchase agreement are transacted through 
clearing houses that articulate mechanisms to reduce counterparty risk, as well as through the signing of various master agreements 
for bilateral transactions, the most widely used being the Global Master Repurchase Agreement (GMRA), published by the 
International Capital Market Association (“ICMA”), to which the clauses related to the collateral exchange are usually added within the 
text of the master agreement itself. 
Consolidated Financial Statements Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
89
Translation of the Consolidated Financial Statements originally issued in Spanish and prepared in accordance with EU-IFRS, as adopted 
by the European Union (see Notes 1 to 56). In the event of a discrepancy, the Spanish-language version prevails

A summary of the effect of offsetting (via netting and collateral) for derivatives and securities operations is presented below as of 
December 31, 2024, 2023 and 2022:
 
 
 
Effect of offsetting for derivatives and securities operation (Millions of Euros)
Gross amounts not offset 
in the consolidated 
balance sheets 
Notes
Gross 
amounts 
recognized (A)
Gross 
amounts 
offset in the 
consolidated 
balance 
sheets (B)
Net amount 
presented in 
the 
consolidated 
balance sheets 
(C=A-B)
Financial 
instruments
Cash 
collateral 
received/ 
pledged
Net amount ⁽¹⁾ 
December 2024
Trading and hedging derivatives
10 / 15
45,523
8,362
37,161
27,446
9,566
148
Reverse repurchase, securities 
borrowing and similar agreements
65,401
19,397
46,005
45,959
—
46
Total assets
110,924
27,759
83,165
73,405
9,566
194
Trading and hedging derivatives
10 / 15
43,924
8,362
35,562
27,446
7,658
458
Repurchase, securities lending 
and similar agreements
87,893
19,397
68,497
68,497
—
—
Total liabilities
131,818
27,759
104,059
95,943
7,658
458
December 2023
Trading and hedging derivatives
10 / 15
44,641
8,866
35,775
25,171
9,532
1,072
Reverse repurchase, securities 
borrowing and similar agreements
80,227
—
80,227
79,980
—
248
Total assets
124,869
8,866
116,003
105,151
9,532
1,320
Trading and hedging derivatives
10 / 15
44,536
8,866
35,670
27,354
7,013
1,303
Repurchase, securities lending 
and similar agreements
104,920
—
104,920
104,920
—
—
Total liabilities
149,456
8,866
140,590
132,274
7,013
1,303
December 2022
Trading and hedging derivatives
10 / 15
52,354
10,554
41,800
31,019
9,824
957
Reverse repurchase, securities 
borrowing and similar agreements
47,111
—
47,111
47,069
—
41
Total assets
99,465
10,554
88,911
78,088
9,824
998
Trading and hedging derivatives
10 / 15
51,767
10,554
41,213
31,028
8,990
1,195
Repurchase, securities lending 
and similar agreements
54,382
—
54,382
52,701
586
1,095
Total liabilities
106,149
10,554
95,594
83,729
9,576
2,290
(1) It corresponds to the aggregation of the net amounts presented in the balance sheet, less the gross amount which is not offset in the balance sheet, corresponding to each 
Group entity that records a deficit in this regard.
Financial assets and liabilities are offset, and consequently are presented in the consolidated balance sheet at their net value under 
the relevant captions (i.e., derivatives, repurchase agreements and reverse repurchase agreements), where the Group maintains 
netting agreements and there is an intention to settle their net amount. Regarding certain repurchase agreements and reverse 
repurchase agreements, since 2024, the Group fulfils both conditions. Where netting agreements do not exist, the market value of the 
relevant products is recorded in the balance of the repurchase agreements and reverse repurchase agreements captions.
Consolidated Financial Statements Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
90
Translation of the Consolidated Financial Statements originally issued in Spanish and prepared in accordance with EU-IFRS, as adopted 
by the European Union (see Notes 1 to 56). In the event of a discrepancy, the Spanish-language version prevails

7.5
Liquidity and Funding risk
Liquidity and funding risk is defined as the incapacity of a bank in meeting its payment commitments due to lack of funds or that, to 
face those commitments, should have to make use of funding under burdensome terms.
7.5.1
Liquidity and Funding Strategy and Planning
The BBVA Group is a multinational financial institution whose business is focused mainly on retail and commercial banking activities. 
In addition to the retail business model, which forms its core business, the Group engages in corporate and investment banking, 
through the global CIB (Corporate & Investment Banking) division.
Liquidity and Funding Risk Management aims to maintain a solid balance sheet structure which allows a sustainable business model. 
The Group’s liquidity and funding strategy is based on the following pillars:
–
The principle of the funding self-sufficiency of its subsidiaries, meaning that each of the Liquidity Management Units 
(hereinafter "LMU") must cover its funding needs independently on the markets where it operates. This avoids possible 
contagion due to a crisis affecting one or more of the Group’s LMU.
–
Stable customer deposits as the main source of funding in all the LMU, in accordance with the Group’s business model.
–
Diversification of the sources of wholesale funding, in terms of maturity, market, instruments, counterparties and 
currencies, with recurring access to the markets.
–
Compliance with regulatory requirements, ensuring the availability of ample liquidity buffers, of high quality, as well as 
sufficient instruments as required by regulations with the capacity to absorb losses.
–
Compliance with the internal Liquidity Risk and Funding metrics, while adhering to the Risk Appetite level established for 
each LMU at any time.
Liquidity and Funding Risk Management aims, in the short term, to prevent an entity from having difficulties in meeting its payment 
commitments in due time and form or that, to meet them, it has to resort to obtaining funds in burdensome conditions that 
deteriorate the image or reputation of the entity.
In the medium term, its objective is to ensure the suitability of the Group's financial structure and its evolution, within the framework 
of the economic situation, the markets and regulatory changes.
This management of structural and liquidity funding is based on the principle of financial self-sufficiency of the entities that comprise 
it. This approach helps prevent and limit liquidity risk by reducing the Group’s vulnerability during periods of high risk. This 
decentralized management prevents possible contagion from a crisis affecting only one or a few Group entities, which must act 
independently to meet their liquidity requirements in the markets where they operate.
Within this strategy, the BBVA Group is organized into eight LMU composed of the parent company and the bank subsidiaries in each 
geographical area, plus the branches that depend on them.
In addition, the policy for managing liquidity and funding risk is also based on the model’s robustness and on the planning and 
integration of risk management into the budgeting process of each LMU, according to the liquidity and funding risk appetite that it 
decides to assume in its business. 
Liquidity and funding planning is part of the strategic processes for the Group’s budgetary and business planning. This objective is to 
allow a recurrent growth of the banking business with suitable maturities and costs within the established risk tolerance levels by 
using a wide range of instruments which allow the diversification of the funding sources and the maintenance of a high volume of 
available liquid assets.
7.5.2
Governance, monitoring and mitigation measures
The responsibility for liquidity and funding management in the development of normal business activity lies with the Finance area as a 
first line of defense in managing the risks inherent to this activity, in accordance with the principles established by the EBA and in line 
with the most demanding standards, policies, procedures and controls in the framework established by the governing bodies. 
Finance, through the Balance-Sheet Management area, plans and executes the funding of the structural long-term gap of each LMU 
and proposes to the ALCO the actions to be taken on this matter, in accordance with the policies established by the Risk Committee in 
line with the metrics of the Risk Appetite Framework approved by the Board of Directors. 
Finance is also responsible for preparing the regulatory reporting of liquidity, coordinating with the responsible areas in each LGU the 
necessary processes to cover the requirements at corporate and regulatory level, ensuring the integrity of the information provided.
GRM is responsible for ensuring that the liquidity and financing risk in the Group is managed in accordance with the framework 
established by governing bodies. It also deals with the identification, measurement, monitoring and control of such risks and their 
communication to the relevant corporate bodies. In order to carry out this task properly, the Risk function in the Group has been 
configured as a single, global function, independent of the management areas.
Consolidated Financial Statements Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
91
Translation of the Consolidated Financial Statements originally issued in Spanish and prepared in accordance with EU-IFRS, as adopted 
by the European Union (see Notes 1 to 56). In the event of a discrepancy, the Spanish-language version prevails

Additionally, the Group has, in its second line of defense, an Internal Risk Control unit, which performs an independent review of the 
control of Liquidity and Funding Risk, and a Financial Internal Control Unit that reviews the design and effectiveness of the controls 
operations on liquidity management and reporting.
As the third line of defense of the Group's internal control model, Internal Audit is in charge of reviewing specific controls and 
processes in accordance with a work plan that is drawn up annually.
The Group’s fundamental objectives regarding the liquidity and funding risk are determined through the Liquidity Coverage Ratio 
(LCR) and through the Loan-to-Stable Customer Deposits (LtSCD) ratio. 
The LCR ratio is a regulatory metric that aims to guarantee the resilience of entities in a scenario of liquidity tension within a time 
horizon of 30 days. Within its Risk Appetite Framework and system of limits and alerts, BBVA has established a required LCR 
compliance level for the entire Group and for each individual LMU. The internal levels required are aimed at efficiently meeting the 
regulatory requirement, at a level above 100% as a mitigation measure.
The LtSCD ratio measures the relationship between net lending and stable customer funds. The aim is to preserve a stable funding 
structure in the medium term for each of the LMU which make up the BBVA Group, taking into account that maintaining an adequate 
volume of stable customer funds is key to achieving a sound liquidity profile. In geographical areas with dual-currency balances, the 
indicator is also controlled by currency to manage the mismatches that might occur.
Stable customer funds are considered to be the financing obtained and managed from the LMU among their target customers. Those 
funds are characterized by their low sensitivity to market changes and by their less volatile behavior at aggregated level per operation 
due to the loyalty of the customer to the entity. The stable resources are calculated by applying to each identified customer segment 
a haircut determined by the analysis of the stability if the balances by which different aspects are evaluated (concentration, stability, 
level of loyalty). The main source of stable resources arises from wholesale funding and retail customer funds.
In order to establish the target (maximum) levels of LtSCD in each LMU and provide an optimal funding structure reference in terms 
of risk appetite, the corporate Structural Risks unit of GRM identifies and assesses the economic and financial variables that condition 
the funding structures in the different geographical areas. 
Additionally, liquidity and funding risk management aims to achieve a proper diversification of the funding structure, avoiding 
excessive dependence on short-term funding by establishing a maximum level for the short-term funds raised, including both 
wholesale financing and the least stable proportion of customer funds In relation to long-term financing, the maturity profile does not 
present significant concentrations, which makes it possible to adapt the schedule of the planned issuance plan to the best financial 
conditions in the markets. Lastly, concentration risk is monitored at LMU level, with the aim of ensuring a correct diversification of 
both the counterparty and type of instrument.
One of the fundamental metrics within the general management framework of the liquidity and funding risk is the maintenance of a 
liquidity buffer consisting of high quality assets free of charges which can be sold or offered as collateral to obtain funding, either 
under normal market conditions or in stress situations.
The Finance area is responsible for the collateral management and determining the liquidity buffer within the BBVA Group. According 
to the principle of auto-sufficiency of the Group's subsidiaries, each LMU is responsible for maintaining a buffer of liquid assets which 
complies with the regulatory requirements applicable under each jurisdiction. In addition, the liquidity buffer of each LMU must be 
aligned with the liquidity and funding risk tolerance as well as the management limits set and approved for each case.
In this context, the short-term resistance of the liquidity risk profile is promoted, to ensure that each LMU has sufficient collateral to 
deal with the risk of the closing of wholesale markets. Basic capacity is the internal metric for the management and control of short-
term liquidity risk, which is defined as the relationship between the explicit assets available and the maturities of wholesale liabilities 
and volatile resources, at different time periods up to one year, with special relevance at 30 and 90 days, with the objective of 
preserving the survival period above 3 months with the available buffer, without considering the balance inflows.
As a fundamental element of the liquidity and financing risk monitoring scheme, stress tests are carried out. They enable to anticipate 
deviations from the liquidity targets and the limits set in the appetite, and to establish tolerance ranges in the different management 
areas. They also play a major role in the design of the Liquidity Contingency Plan and the definition of specific measures to be adopted 
to rectify the risk profile if necessary.
For each scenario, it is checked whether BBVA has a sufficient stock of liquid assets to guarantee its capacity to meet the liquidity 
commitments/outflows in the different periods analyzed. The analysis considers four scenarios: one central and three crisis-related 
(systemic crisis; unexpected internal crisis with a considerable rating downgrade and/or affecting the ability to issue in wholesale 
markets and the perception of business risk by the banking intermediaries and the entity’s clients; and a mixed scenario, as a 
combination of the two aforementioned scenarios). Each scenario considers the following factors: existing market liquidity, customer 
behavior and sources of funding, the impact of rating downgrades, market values of liquid assets and collateral, and the interaction 
between liquidity requirements and the development of BBVA's credit quality.
Consolidated Financial Statements Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
92
Translation of the Consolidated Financial Statements originally issued in Spanish and prepared in accordance with EU-IFRS, as adopted 
by the European Union (see Notes 1 to 56). In the event of a discrepancy, the Spanish-language version prevails

The stress tests conducted on a regular basis by GRM reveal that BBVA maintains a sufficient buffer of liquid assets to deal with the 
estimated liquidity outflows in a scenario resulting from the combination of a systemic crisis and an unexpected internal crisis, 
including in the scenario of a significant downgrade of the Bank’s rating by up to three notches. Together with the results of the stress 
tests and the risk metrics, the early warning indicators play an important role within the corporate model and the Liquidity 
Contingency Plan. 
Finance is the area responsible for the elaboration, monitoring, execution and update of the liquidity and funding plan and of the 
market access strategy to guarantee and improve the stability and diversification of the wholesale funding sources.
In order to implement and establish management in an anticipated manner, limits are set on an annual basis for the main 
management metrics that form part of the budgeting process for the liquidity and funding plan. This framework of limits contributes 
to the planning of the joint future performance of:
–
The loan book, considering the types of assets and their degree of liquidity, as well as their validity as collateral in 
collateralized funding. 
–
Stable customer funds, based on the application of a methodology for establishing which segments and customer balances 
are considered to be stable or volatile funds based on the principle of sustainability and recurrence of these funds. 
–
Projection of the credit gap, in order to require a degree of self-funding that is defined in terms of the difference between the 
loan-book and stable customer funds.
–
Incorporating the planning of securities portfolios into the banking book, which include both fixed-interest and equity 
securities, and are classified as financial assets at fair value through other comprehensive income and at amortized cost, 
and additionally on trading portfolios.
–
The structural gap projection, as a result of assessing the funding needs generated both from the credit gap and by the 
securities portfolio in the banking book, together with the rest of on-balance-sheet wholesale funding needs, excluding 
trading portfolios. This gap therefore needs to be funded with customer funds that are not considered stable or on 
wholesale markets.
As a result of these funding needs, the BBVA Group plans the target wholesale funding structure according to the tolerance set in 
each LMU target.
Thus, once the structural gap has been identified and after resorting to wholesale markets, the amount and composition of wholesale 
structural funding is established in subsequent years, in order to maintain a diversified funding mix and guarantee that there is not a 
high reliance on short-term funding (short-term wholesale funding plus volatile customer funds).
In practice, the execution of the principles of planning and self-funding at the different LMU results in the Group’s main source of 
funding being customer deposits, which consist mainly of demand deposits, savings deposits and time deposits. 
As sources of funding, customer deposits are complemented by access to the interbank market and the domestic and international 
capital markets in order to address additional liquidity requirements, implementing domestic and international programs for the 
issuance of commercial paper and medium and long-term debt.
The process of analysis and assessment of the liquidity and funding situation and of the inherent risks is a process carried out on an 
ongoing basis in the BBVA Group, with the participation of all the Group areas involved in liquidity and funding risk management. This 
process is carried out at both local and corporate level. It is incorporated into the decision- making process for liquidity and funding 
management, with integration between the risk appetite strategy and establishment and the planning process, the funding plan and 
the limits scheme.
7.5.3
Liquidity and funding performance
The BBVA Group maintains a dynamic funding structure with a predominantly retail nature, where customer resources represent the 
main source of funding.
During 2024 liquidity conditions have remained sound in all countries where the Group operates.
Consolidated Financial Statements Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
93
Translation of the Consolidated Financial Statements originally issued in Spanish and prepared in accordance with EU-IFRS, as adopted 
by the European Union (see Notes 1 to 56). In the event of a discrepancy, the Spanish-language version prevails

The performance of the indicators show that the funding structure remained steady during 2024, 2023 and 2022, in the sense that all 
LMU held self-funding levels with stable customer resources above the requirements.
LtSCD by LMU
2024
2023
2022
Group (average)
102 %
99 %
96 %
BBVA, S.A.
101 %
100 %
98 %
BBVA Mexico
115 %
102 %
98 %
Garanti BBVA
90 %
78 %
83 %
Other LMU
99 %
104 %
96 %
With respect to LCR, the Group has maintained a liquidity buffer at both a consolidated and individual level in 2024. As a result, the 
ratio has remained comfortably above 100%, with the consolidated ratio as of December 31, 2024 standing at 134%.
Although this requirement is only established at a Group level, for banks in the Eurozone, the minimum level required comfortably 
exceeded in all subsidiaries. 
It should be noted that the calculation of the Consolidated LCR does not allow the transfer of liquidity between subsidiaries, so no 
excess liquidity may be transferred from these entities for the purpose of calculating the consolidated ratio. 
If the impact of these highly liquid assets was considered, the LCR would be 162%, or 28 basis points above the required level.
LCR main LMU
2024
2023
2022
Group 
134 %
149 %
159 %
BBVA, S.A.
156 %
178 %
186 %
BBVA Mexico
146 %
192 %
199 %
Garanti BBVA
141 %
212 %
185 %
One of the key elements in BBVA's Group liquidity and funding management is the targeted maintenance of large high quality liquidity 
buffers in all business areas where the group operates. 
Each entity maintains a liquidity buffer at the individual level for BBVA, S.A. and for each of its subsidiaries, such as BBVA Mexico, 
Garanti BBVA and the Latin American subsidiaries.
In this respect, the Group has maintained for the last 12 months an average volume of high quality liquid assets (HQLA) amounting to 
€130,613 million, of which 97% correspond to maximum quality assets (LCR Level 1).
The table below shows the liquidity available by instrument as of December 31, 2024, 2023 and 2022 for the most significant entities 
based on prudential supervisor’s information (Commission Implementing Regulations (EU) 2021/451 of December 17, 2020):
Liquidity available by instrument (Millions of Euros)
BBVA, S.A.
BBVA Mexico
Garanti BBVA
Other
2024
2023
2022
2024
2023
2022
2024
2023
2022
2024
2023
2022
Cash and withdrawable central 
bank reserves
16,004
43,931
48,271
12,001
9,712
12,865
10,344
9,899
6,731
8,101
5,921
5,265
Level 1 tradable assets
50,199
31,606
33,081
8,783
20,345
13,974
6,402
6,117
9,165
8,749
8,429
7,836
Level 2A tradable assets
194
919
3,450
327
246
47
—
—
—
—
—
—
Level 2B tradable assets
3,762
2,916
3,471
159
132
35
—
—
—
31
—
1
Other tradable assets
46,537
44,324
22,708
598
469
467
816
398
285
926
753
1,035
Non tradable assets eligible for 
central banks
11
—
—
—
—
—
—
—
—
—
—
—
Cumulated counterbalancing 
capacity
116,706
123,696
110,981
21,869
30,903
27,388
17,562
16,414
16,181
17,806
15,102
14,136
The Net Stable Funding Ratio (NSFR), defined as the result between the amount of stable funding available and the amount of stable 
funding required, requiring banks to maintain a stable financing profile in relation to the composition of their assets and off-balance 
sheet activities. This ratio should be at least 100% at all times. The NSFR ratio of the BBVA Group, stood at 127% as of December 31, 
2024.
The NSFR of BBVA Group and its main LMU as of December 31, 2024, 2023 and 2022, was the following:
Consolidated Financial Statements Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
94
Translation of the Consolidated Financial Statements originally issued in Spanish and prepared in accordance with EU-IFRS, as adopted 
by the European Union (see Notes 1 to 56). In the event of a discrepancy, the Spanish-language version prevails

NSFR main LMU
2024
2023
2022
Group 
127 %
131 %
135 %
BBVA, S.A.
119 %
120 %
125 %
BBVA Mexico
131 %
140 %
143 %
Garanti BBVA
149 %
178 %
166 %
Below is a matrix of residual maturities by contractual periods based on supervisory prudential reporting as of December 31, 2024, 
2023 and 2022:
December 2024. Contractual maturities (Millions of Euros)
Demand 
Up to 1 
month
1 to 3 
months
3 to 6 
months
6 to 9 
months
9 to 12 
months
1 to 2 
years
2 to 3 
years
3 to 5 
years 
Over 5 
years
Total
ASSETS
Cash, cash balances at 
central banks and other 
demand deposits
11,125
38,087
—
—
—
—
—
—
—
—
49,212
Deposits in credit entities
—
5,246
541
1,165
647
918
861
351
33
41
9,805
Deposits in other financial 
institutions
—
2,677
1,642
970
929
1,130
1,577
1,526
1,369
681
12,502
Reverse repo, securities 
borrowing and margin 
lending
—
34,310
10,594
5,025
1,911
3,138
5,782
3,675
3,008
122
67,565
Loans and advances
—
34,605
38,547
29,770
16,928
19,715
44,537
34,618
51,469
105,649
375,837
Securities' portfolio 
settlement
—
2,861
2,741
6,084
2,531
5,922
20,625
20,053
21,972
44,850
127,640
December 2024. Contractual maturities (Millions of Euros)
Demand 
Up to 1 
month
1 to 3 
months
3 to 6 
months
6 to 9 
months
9 to 12 
months
1 to 2 
years
2 to 3 
years
3 to 5 
years 
Over 5 
years
Total
LIABILITIES
Wholesale funding
—
2,484
4,816
5,536
3,347
3,685
8,517
11,386
7,530
28,306
75,608
Deposits from financial 
institutions
2,600
6,070
476
644
130
732
558
242
570
743
12,765
Deposits from other financial 
institutions and international 
agencies
6,950
9,247
2,466
1,584
922
503
1,256
477
433
742
24,581
Customer deposits
318,252
50,789
23,758
11,580
3,888
4,329
2,055
569
834
787
416,841
Security pledge funding
—
74,614
14,093
5,452
2,355
4,157
2,223
366
1,454
445
105,159
Derivatives, net
—
(388)
(73)
(142)
70
142
549
(122)
5
(87)
(46)
December 2023. Contractual maturities (Millions of Euros)
Demand 
Up to 1 
month
1 to 3 
months
3 to 6 
months
6 to 9 
months
9 to 12 
months
1 to 2 
years
2 to 3 
years
3 to 5 
years 
Over 5 
years
Total
ASSETS
Cash, cash balances at 
central banks and other 
demand deposits
10,353
61,678
—
—
—
—
—
—
—
—
72,031
Deposits in credit entities
—
4,676
393
543
594
602
602
136
24
102
7,672
Deposits in other financial 
institutions
—
1,288
1,261
1,049
385
649
2,019
965
974
1,291
9,882
Reverse repo, securities 
borrowing and margin 
lending
—
42,407
21,683
6,890
3,398
2,596
3,319
3,817
2,133
139
86,382
Loans and advances
—
28,644
30,850
28,239
16,434
19,029
41,267
32,769
45,116
104,086
346,433
Securities' portfolio 
settlement
—
2,167
6,011
2,633
2,578
11,950
15,266
14,016
29,245
34,558
118,424
Consolidated Financial Statements Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
95
Translation of the Consolidated Financial Statements originally issued in Spanish and prepared in accordance with EU-IFRS, as adopted 
by the European Union (see Notes 1 to 56). In the event of a discrepancy, the Spanish-language version prevails

December 2023. Contractual maturities (Millions of Euros)
Demand 
Up to 1 
month
1 to 3 
months
3 to 6 
months
6 to 9 
months
9 to 12 
months
1 to 2 
years
2 to 3 
years
3 to 5 
years 
Over 5 
years
Total
LIABILITIES
Wholesale funding
—
1,187
3,889
8,518
4,935
4,225
10,296
7,990
11,175
22,424
74,639
Deposits from financial 
institutions
2,092
3,669
1,076
715
119
605
795
46
198
695
10,011
Deposits from other financial 
institutions and international 
agencies
8,507
5,526
2,806
1,036
834
841
1,033
618
695
638
22,535
Customer deposits
304,096
44,745
16,225
11,855
3,905
5,500
1,753
1,029
758
1,092
390,959
Security pledge funding
—
86,908
30,028
6,107
2,274
1,821
2,630
1,111
2,060
677
133,615
Derivatives, net
—
(21)
(30)
6
(62)
(267)
69
45
(135)
(2,616)
(3,009)
December 2022. Contractual maturities (Millions of Euros)
Demand 
Up to 1 
month
1 to 3 
months
3 to 6 
months
6 to 9 
months
9 to 12 
months
1 to 2 
years
2 to 3 
years
3 to 5 
years 
Over 5 
years
Total
ASSETS
Cash, cash balances at 
central banks and other 
demand deposits
9,227
66,497
—
—
—
—
—
—
—
—
75,724
Deposits in credit entities
—
3,870
319
433
434
468
242
183
6
83
6,040
Deposits in other financial 
institutions
3
2,199
1,012
746
516
344
971
816
551
830
7,988
Reverse repo, securities 
borrowing and margin 
lending
—
31,049
5,743
3,368
1,432
1,127
4,582
1,354
2,400
289
51,343
Loans and advances
99
24,622
32,009
25,622
14,827
16,766
41,049
32,510
43,828
96,201
327,534
Securities' portfolio 
settlement
1
4,031
4,107
8,200
4,305
4,746
18,417
8,744
23,307
31,480
107,338
December 2022. Contractual maturities (Millions of Euros)
Demand 
Up to 1 
month
1 to 3 
months
3 to 6 
months
6 to 9 
months
9 to 12 
months
1 to 2 
years
2 to 3 
years
3 to 5 
years 
Over 5 
years
Total
LIABILITIES
Wholesale funding
—
1,841
4,434
1,050
3,148
2,017
6,318
9,423
13,282
18,145
59,658
Deposits from financial 
institutions
2,176
7,885
628
806
56
694
648
211
396
399
13,899
Deposits from other financial 
institutions and international 
agencies
7,392
5,760
1,465
464
379
758
700
293
594
727
18,532
Customer deposits
302,667
38,951
18,542
6,776
2,575
2,870
1,476
1,276
798
273
376,203
Security pledge funding
—
51,638
14,543
17,736
866
1,503
8,136
1,524
3,493
575
100,013
Derivatives, net
—
(253)
24
(1,010)
(23)
175
40
(153)
(466)
(3,717)
(5,383)
With regard to the financing structure, the loan portfolio is mostly financed by retail deposits. The “demand” maturity bucket mainly 
contains the retail customer sight accounts whose behavior historically showed a high level of stability and little concentration. 
According to a behavior analysis which is done every year in every entity, this type of account is considered to be stable and for 
liquidity risk purposes receives a better treatment.
The most relevant aspects related to the main geographical areas are the following:
–
BBVA, S.A. has maintained a position with a large high-quality liquidity buffer, having repaid the entire TLTRO III program, 
maintaining at all times the regulatory liquidity metrics well above the set minimums. During 2024, commercial activity has 
shown dynamism, experiencing higher growth in lending than in costumer deposits.
–
BBVA Mexico shows a solid liquidity situation, even though the credit gap increased in 2024 as a result of the strong 
dynamism of credit and contained growth in deposits as a result of management efforts to restrain the cost of funds.
–
In Turkey, the credit gap in local currency grew in 2024, with loan growth outpacing deposits. Regarding the credit gap in 
foreign currency, an increase was also recorded in 2024, mainly originated by an increase in loans and a decrease in 
deposits (which led to an increase in loans to the CBRT). The liquidity buffer has been reduced, mainly due to the reserve 
requirement and the mentioned increase in the credit gap. During 2024, the CBRT has continued updating its measures to 
de-dollarize the economy and control inflation.
Consolidated Financial Statements Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
96
Translation of the Consolidated Financial Statements originally issued in Spanish and prepared in accordance with EU-IFRS, as adopted 
by the European Union (see Notes 1 to 56). In the event of a discrepancy, the Spanish-language version prevails

–
In South America, liquidity remained adequate throughout the region in 2024. In BBVA Argentina, the growth of excess 
liquidity in Argentine pesos slowed, due to the increase in loans in the last quarter of the year, which exceeded deposits, 
despite a strong increase in U.S. dollar deposits. In BBVA Colombia, the credit gap decreased in the year favored by the 
growth in deposits. BBVA Peru has shown a decrease in credit gap in 2024, with greater growth in deposits than in loans, 
both in local currency and in U.S. dollars.
The main wholesale financing transactions carried out by the BBVA Group during 2024 are listed below:
Issuer
Type of issue
Date of issue
Nominal 
(millions)
Currency
Coupon
Early 
redemption
Maturity date
BBVA, S.A.
Senior 
preferred 
Jan-24
1,250
EUR
3.875%
—
Jan-34
Tier 2
Feb-24
1,250
EUR
4.875%
Nov-30 to 
Feb-31
Feb-36
Senior 
preferred
Mar-24
1,000
USD
5.381%
—
Mar-29
Senior non-
preferred
Mar-24
1,000
USD
6.033%
Mar-34
Mar-35
Senior 
preferred 
(green bond)
Mar-24
1,000
EUR
3.500%
—
Mar-31
Senior 
preferred
Jun-24
1,000
EUR
3 month 
Euribor rate + 
45 basis points
—
Jun-27
Senior 
preferred
Jun-24
750
EUR
3.625%
—
Jun-30
AT1 (CoCo)
Jun-24
750
EUR
6.875%
Dec-30 to 
Jun-31
Perpetual
Tier 2
Aug-24
1,000
EUR
4.375%
May-31 to 
Aug-31
Aug-36
Additionally, BBVA, S.A. redeemed two capital issuances in 2024: in February 2024, a Tier 2 issuance of subordinated bonds issued in 
February 2019, for an amount of €750 million and, in March 2024, on its first date of optional redemption, an AT1 issued in 2019, for 
an amount of €1 billion (see Note 22.4.1). Likewise, in December 2024, a redemption of a Tier 2 issuance of subordinated bonds 
issued in January 2020, for an amount of €1 billion, was announced and it was effectively redeemed in January 2025. Furthermore, on 
January 14, 2025, BBVA, S.A. issued an AT1 for an amount of USD 1 billion, with an early redemption option after seven years. On 
January 28, 2025, BBVA announced its irrevocable decision to fully redeem on March 5, 2025, an AT1 issued in 2019 for USD 1 billion 
(see Note 22.4).In January 2024, BBVA Mexico issued Tier 2 bonds for USD 900 million with a maturity of 15 years and an early 
repayment option in 10 years with a coupon of 8.125%. Additionally, in April 2024, BBVA Mexico issued bank stock certificates for 15 
billion Mexican pesos in two tranches. In addition, in September 2024, BBVA Mexico carried out a debt issuance of USD 600 million 
for a term of five years and a fixed rate of 5.25%. Lastly, in October 2024, BBVA Mexico issued local bonds for the equivalent of 15.98 
billion Mexican pesos in three tranches, one of them for USD 200 million.
In Turkey, Garanti BBVA issued two Tier 2 ten-year bonds in 2024, both with an early redemption option after five years. The first, in 
February 2024, amounted to USD 500 million, and the second, in December 2024, amounted to USD 750 million. Simultaneously with 
this second issuance, a tender offer was made for a Tier 2 bond maturing in 2027, which was accepted by bondholders for a total of 
USD 134 million, and in December 2024, it announced the full redemption of a 750 million Turkish liras Tier 2 bond to be paid for in 
February. Additionally, in June 2024, Garanti BBVA renewed the total syndicated loan based on environmental, social and governance 
(ESG) criteria, which consists of two separate tranches of USD 241 million (SOFR+2.50%) and €179 million (Euribor+2.25%), 
respectively. Finally, in December 2024, Garanti BBVA announced the signing of a syndicated loan of USD 244 million (SOFR+1.75%) 
and €162.4 million (Euribor+1.50%) with a maturity of 367 days.
BBVA Peru issued, in March 2024, Tier 2 bonds in the international market for USD 300 million, with a 6.20% coupon, a 10.25-year 
maturity and an early redemption option in the fifth year. Alongside this issuance, a repurchase offer was launched on a USD 300 
million Tier 2 subordinated bond maturing in September 2029, with USD 163 million being repurchased; the remaining USD 137 
million was redeemed through the execution of the associated call option in September 2024. In December 2024, it issued the first 
tranche of a USD100 million social bond for a term of 5 years at SOFR+1.35%.
BBVA Colombia, together with the International Finance Corporation (IFC) and the Inter-American Development Bank (IDB) 
announced, in July 2024, the launch of a green biodiversity bond for an amount of USD 70 million and a term of three years. It also 
received a 5-year USD 50 million loan from CAF in the area of Biodiversity. Lastly, in November 2024, the first tranche of a USD 50 
million subordinated bond (Tier 2) with IDB was disbursed.
BBVA Argentina issued in September 2024 in the local market the equivalent of approximately €23 million in senior debt at a floating 
rate of Badlar (Buenos Aires Deposits of Large Amount Rate) +5%. In addition, in December 2024 it issued two senior debt issuances, 
Consolidated Financial Statements Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
97
Translation of the Consolidated Financial Statements originally issued in Spanish and prepared in accordance with EU-IFRS, as adopted 
by the European Union (see Notes 1 to 56). In the event of a discrepancy, the Spanish-language version prevails

one for approximately €14 million at a TEM (Tasa Efectiva Mensual Vencida) rate of 2.75% and the other for approximately €35 million 
at a TAMAR (Tasa Mayorista de Argentina) +2.74% rate.
7.5.4
Asset encumbrance
As of December 31, 2024, 2023 and 2022, the encumbered (those provided as collateral for certain liabilities) and unencumbered 
assets are broken down as follows:
Encumbered and unencumbered assets (Millions of Euros)
Encumbered assets
Unencumbered assets
Book value 
Fair value
Book value 
Fair value
2024
2023
2022
2024
2023
2022
2024
2023
2022
2024
2023
2022
Assets
68,268
78,586
92,916
704,134
696,972
619,177
Equity instruments
834
592
819
834
592
819
17,159
13,176
11,293
17,159
13,176
11,293
Debt securities
43,404
51,458
33,533
45,639
50,818
32,291
102,333
88,976
92,665
102,333
88,976
92,665
Loans and advances and other 
assets
24,030
26,535
58,563
584,641
594,821
515,218
The committed value of "Loans and Advances and other assets" corresponds mainly to loans linked to the issue of covered bonds, 
territorial bonds or long-term securitized bonds (see Note 22.4) as well as, to a lesser extent, those used as a guarantee to access 
certain funding transactions with central banks. Debt securities and equity instruments correspond to underlying that are delivered in 
repos with different types of counterparties, mainly clearing houses or credit institutions, and to a lesser extent central banks. 
Collateral provided to guarantee derivative transactions is also included as committed assets.
As of December 31, 2024, 2023 and 2022, collateral pledges received mainly due to repurchase agreements and securities lending, 
and those which could be committed in order to obtain funding are provided below:
Collateral received (Millions of Euros)
Fair value of encumbered 
collateral received or own debt 
securities issued
Fair value of collateral received 
or own debt securities issued 
available for encumbrance
Fair value of collateral received 
or own debt securities issued 
not available for encumbrance
2024
2023
2022
2024
2023
2022
2024
2023
2022
Collateral received
40,877
73,836
40,701
14,917
14,825
9,415
1,151
996
1,279
Equity instruments
215
1,019
323
162
51
759
—
—
—
Debt securities
40,663
72,817
40,378
14,754
14,774
8,656
1,151
996
1,279
Loans and advances and other assets
—
—
—
—
—
—
—
—
—
Own debt securities issued other 
than own covered bonds or ABSs
—
—
—
66
74
92
—
—
—
The guarantees received in the form of reverse repurchase agreements or security lending transactions are committed by their use in 
repurchase agreements, as is the case with debt securities. 
As of December 31, 2024, 2023 and 2022, financial liabilities issued related to encumbered assets in financial transactions as well as 
their book value were as follows:
Sources of encumbrance (Millions of Euros)
Matching liabilities, contingent liabilities or 
securities lent
Assets, collateral received and own
debt securities issued other than covered bonds 
and ABSs encumbered
2024
2023
2022
2024
2023
2022
Book value of financial liabilities
109,833
151,766
122,400
107,067
149,853
128,628
Derivatives
17,047
15,895
15,950
14,698
13,756
16,699
Deposits
84,604
126,777
95,728
81,938
126,543
99,077
Outstanding subordinated debt
8,182
9,094
10,722
10,431
9,554
12,852
Other sources
1,141
1,066
731
2,079
2,568
4,989
Consolidated Financial Statements Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
98
Translation of the Consolidated Financial Statements originally issued in Spanish and prepared in accordance with EU-IFRS, as adopted 
by the European Union (see Notes 1 to 56). In the event of a discrepancy, the Spanish-language version prevails

8.
Fair value of financial instruments
Framework and processes control 
The process for determining the fair value established in the Group seeks to ensure that financial assets and liabilities are properly 
recorded following the IFRS 13 principles, which defines fair value as the price that would be received to sell an asset or paid to 
transfer a liability in an orderly transaction between market participants in the principal market or most advantageous market, at the 
measurement date.
BBVA has established, at a geographic level, a structure of Risk Operational Admission and Product Governance Committees 
responsible for validating and approving new products or types of financial assets and liabilities before being contracted. Local 
management responsible for valuation, which are independent from the business (see Management Report - Risk) are members of 
these committees.
These areas are required to ensure, prior to the approval stage, the existence of not only technical and human resources, but also 
adequate informational sources to measure the fair value of these financial assets and liabilities, in accordance with the rules 
established by the valuation global area and using models that have been validated and approved by the responsible areas complying 
with the governance of BBVA Group's official models.
Fair value hierarchy
All financial instruments, both assets and liabilities are initially recognized at fair value, which at that point is equivalent to the 
transaction price, unless there is evidence to the contrary in the market. Subsequently, depending on the type of financial instrument, 
it may continue to be recognized at amortized cost or fair value through adjustments in the consolidated income statement or equity.
When possible, the fair value is determined as the market price of a financial instrument. However, for many of the financial assets 
and liabilities of the Group, especially in the case of derivatives, there is no market price available, so its fair value is estimated on the 
basis of the price established in recent transactions involving similar instruments or, in the absence thereof, by using mathematical 
measurement models that are sufficiently tried and trusted by the international financial community. The estimates of the fair value 
derived from the use of such models take into consideration the specific features of the asset or liability to be measured and, in 
particular, the various types of risk associated with such asset or liability. However, the limitations inherent in the measurement 
models and possible inaccuracies in the assumptions and parameters required by these models may mean that the estimated fair 
value of an asset or liability does not exactly match the price for which the asset or liability could be exchanged or settled on the date 
of its measurement.
Additionally, for financial assets and liabilities that show significant uncertainty in inputs or model parameters used for valuation, 
criteria are established to measure said uncertainty and activity limits are set based on these. Finally, these measurements are 
compared, as much as possible, against other sources such as the measurements obtained by the business teams and/or those 
obtained by other market participants.
The process for determining the fair value requires the classification of the financial assets and liabilities according to the 
measurement processes used as set forth below:
–
Level 1: Valuation using directly the quotation of the instrument, observable and readily and regularly available from 
independent price sources and referenced to active markets that the entity can access at the measurement date. The 
instruments classified within this level are fixed-income securities, equity instruments and certain derivatives. 
–
Level 2: Valuation of financial instruments with commonly accepted techniques that use inputs obtained from observable 
data in markets. 
–
Level 3: Valuation of financial instruments with valuation techniques that use significant unobservable inputs in the market. 
As of December 31, 2024, the affected instruments at fair value accounted for approximately 0.66% of financial assets and 
0.48% of the Group’s financial liabilities. Model selection and validation is undertaken by control areas outside the business 
areas.
8.1
Fair value of financial instruments recognized at fair value, according to valuation criteria
Below are the different elements used in the valuation technique of financial instruments.
Active Market
BBVA considers an active market as a market that allows the observation of bid and offer prices representative of the levels to which 
the market participants are willing to negotiate an asset, with sufficient frequency and volume.
Furthermore, BBVA considers as traded in an “Organized Market” quotations for assets or liabilities from Over The Counter (OTC) 
markets when they are obtained from independent sources, observable on a daily basis and fulfil certain conditions.
Consolidated Financial Statements Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
99
Translation of the Consolidated Financial Statements originally issued in Spanish and prepared in accordance with EU-IFRS, as adopted 
by the European Union (see Notes 1 to 56). In the event of a discrepancy, the Spanish-language version prevails

The fair value of the Group's financial instruments recognized at fair value in the consolidated balance sheets is presented below, 
broken down according to the valuation method used to determine their fair value, and their respective book value as of December 31, 
2024, 2023 and 2022:
 
Fair value of financial instruments recognized at fair value by levels. 
December 2024 (Millions of Euros)
Notes
Book value
Fair value
Level 1
Level 2
Level 3
ASSETS
Financial assets held for trading
10
108,948
26,332
80,323
2,292
Derivatives
36,003
969
34,591
443
Equity instruments 
6,760
6,602
76
83
Debt securities 
27,955
18,762
8,438
756
Loans and advances
38,230
—
37,218
1,011
Non-trading financial assets mandatorily at fair value through 
profit or loss
11
10,546
8,511
617
1,418
Equity instruments
9,782
8,309
107
1,365
Debt securities
407
202
173
31
Loans and advances
358
—
336
21
Financial assets designated at fair value through profit or loss
12
836
774
62
—
Debt securities 
836
774
62
—
Financial assets at fair value through other comprehensive 
income
13
59,002
50,354
7,515
1,133
Equity instruments
1,451
1,157
79
216
Debt securities
57,526
49,173
7,436
917
Loans and advances to credit institutions
25
25
—
—
Derivatives – Hedge accounting
15
1,158
—
1,158
—
LIABILITIES
Financial liabilities held for trading 
10
86,591
14,308
71,072
1,211
Trading derivatives
33,059
1,118
31,400
541
Short positions
13,878
13,189
673
15
Deposits
39,654
—
38,999
656
Financial liabilities designated at fair value through profit or loss
12
14,952
—
12,865
2,087
Deposits from credit institutions
—
—
—
—
Customer deposits
934
—
934
—
Debt certificates issued
4,597
—
2,511
2,087
Other financial liabilities
9,420
—
9,420
—
Derivatives – Hedge accounting
15
2,503
—
2,480
23
Consolidated Financial Statements Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
100
Translation of the Consolidated Financial Statements originally issued in Spanish and prepared in accordance with EU-IFRS, as adopted 
by the European Union (see Notes 1 to 56). In the event of a discrepancy, the Spanish-language version prevails

Fair value of financial instruments recognized at fair value by levels.
December 2023 (Millions of Euros)
Notes
Book value
Fair value
Level 1
Level 2
Level 3
ASSETS
Financial assets held for trading
10
141,042
21,972
116,905
2,165
Derivatives
34,293
144
33,880
269
Equity instruments 
4,589
4,494
24
71
Debt securities 
28,569
17,333
11,081
155
Loans and advances
73,590
—
71,921
1,669
Non-trading financial assets mandatorily at fair value through profit or 
loss
11
8,737
7,028
493
1,216
Equity instruments
7,963
6,742
72
1,148
Debt securities 
484
286
132
66
Loans and advances to customers
290
—
288
2
Financial assets designated at fair value through profit or loss
12
955
908
47
—
Debt securities 
955
908
47
—
Financial assets at fair value through other comprehensive income
13
62,205
52,987
8,335
883
Equity instruments
1,217
1,026
52
139
Debt securities 
60,963
51,961
8,258
745
Loans and advances to credit institutions
26
—
26
—
Derivatives – Hedge accounting
15
1,482
—
1,482
—
LIABILITIES
Financial liabilities held for trading 
10
121,715
14,133
106,382
1,201
Trading derivatives
33,045
191
32,111
743
Short positions
15,735
13,942
1,750
44
Deposits
72,935
—
72,520
415
Financial liabilities designated at fair value through profit or loss
12
13,299
—
11,073
2,227
Deposits from credit institutions
—
—
—
—
Customer deposits
717
—
717
—
Debt certificates issued
3,977
—
1,751
2,227
Other financial liabilities
8,605
—
8,605
—
Derivatives – Hedge accounting
15
2,625
—
2,586
39
Consolidated Financial Statements Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
101
Translation of the Consolidated Financial Statements originally issued in Spanish and prepared in accordance with EU-IFRS, as adopted 
by the European Union (see Notes 1 to 56). In the event of a discrepancy, the Spanish-language version prevails

Fair value of financial instruments recognized at fair value by levels.
December 2022 (Millions of Euros)
Notes
Book value
Fair value
Level 1
Level 2
Level 3
ASSETS
Financial assets held for trading
10
110,671
22,710
85,636
2,325
Derivatives
39,908
795
38,140
974
Equity instruments 
4,404
4,369
—
34
Debt securities 
24,367
16,284
7,934
148
Loans and advances
41,993
1,262
39,562
1,169
Non-trading financial assets mandatorily at fair value through profit or 
loss
11
6,888
5,720
151
1,017
Equity instruments
6,511
5,457
40
1,014
Debt securities 
129
19
111
—
Loans and advances to customers
247
245
—
3
Financial assets designated at fair value through profit or loss
12
913
913
—
—
Debt securities 
913
913
—
—
Financial assets at fair value through other comprehensive income
13
65,374
53,248
11,537
589
Equity instruments
1,198
1,040
58
100
Debt securities 
64,150
52,182
11,479
489
Loans and advances to credit institutions
26
26
—
—
Derivatives – Hedge accounting
15
1,891
4
1,887
—
LIABILITIES
Financial liabilities held for trading 
10
95,611
20,611
73,871
1,129
Trading derivatives
37,909
746
36,161
1,002
Short positions
13,487
13,354
133
—
Deposits
44,215
6,511
37,577
127
Financial liabilities designated at fair value through profit or loss
12
10,580
—
8,990
1,590
Deposits from credit institutions
—
—
—
—
Customer deposits
700
—
700
—
Debt certificates issued
3,288
—
1,698
1,590
Other financial liabilities
6,592
—
6,592
—
Derivatives – Hedge accounting
15
3,303
100
3,179
25
The following table sets forth the main valuation techniques, hypothesis and inputs used in the estimation of fair value of the financial 
instruments recognized at fair value classified under Levels 2 and 3, based on the type of financial asset and liability and the 
corresponding balances as of December 31, 2024, 2023 and 2022.
Consolidated Financial Statements Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
102
Translation of the Consolidated Financial Statements originally issued in Spanish and prepared in accordance with EU-IFRS, as adopted 
by the European Union (see Notes 1 to 56). In the event of a discrepancy, the Spanish-language version prevails

ASSETS
Valuation techniques in Levels 2 and 3
Observable inputs in Levels 2 and 3
Unobservable inputs in Levels 2 and 3
Financial assets held for trading
Equity instruments 
Comparable pricing (Observable price in a similar 
market)
Net asset value
- Brokers quotes
- Market operations
- NAVs published
- NAV provided by the administrator of the fund
Debt securities 
Present-value method
(Discounted future cash flows)
Observed prices in non-active markets
- Issuer´s credit risk
- Current market interest rates
- Non active markets prices
- Prepayment rates
- Issuer´s credit risk
- Recovery rates
Loans and advances
Present-value method
(Discounted future cash flows)
- Issuer´s credit risk
- Current market interest rates
- Funding interest rates observed in the market or 
in consensus services
- Exchange rates
- Prepayment rates
- Issuer´s credit risk
- Recovery rates
- Funding interest rates not observed in the market 
or in consensus services
Derivatives
Interest rate
Interest rate products (Interest rate Swaps, Call 
money Swaps and FRA): Discounted cash flows
Caps/Floors: Black 76 and  SABR
Bond options: Black 76
Swaptions: Black, SABR and LGM
Other Interest rate Options: Black, SABR  and 
Libor Market Model
Constant Maturity Swaps: SABR
-  Exchange rates
-  Market quoted future prices
-  Market interest rates
-  Underlying assets prices: shares, funds, 
commodities
-  Market observable volatilities  
-  Issuer credit spread levels
-  Quoted dividends
-  Market listed correlations
- Beta
- Implicit correlations between tenors
- interest rates volatility
Equity
Future and Equity Forward: Discounted future 
cash flows
Equity Options: Local Volatility, Momentum 
adjustment and Heston
- Volatility of volatility
- Implicit assets correlations
- Long term implicit correlations
- Implicit dividends and long term repos
Foreign exchange and gold
Future and Equity Forward: Discounted future 
cash flows
Foreign exchange Options: Local volatility, 
momentum adjustment
- Volatility of volatility
- Implicit assets correlations
- Long term implicit correlations
Credit
Credit Derivatives: Default model and Gaussian 
copula
- Correlation default
- Credit spread
- Recovery rates
- Interest rate yield
- Default volatility
Commodities
Commodities: Momentum adjustment and 
discounted cash flows
Non-trading financial assets mandatorily at 
fair value through profit or loss
Equity instruments
Comparable pricing (Observable price in a similar 
market)
Net asset value
- Brokers quotes
- Market operations
- NAVs published
- NAV provided by the administrator of the fund
Debt securities
Present-value method
(Discounted future cash flows)
- Issuer credit risk
- Current market interest rates
- Prepayment rates
- Issuer credit risk
- Recovery rates
Loans and advances
Discounted future cash flows
- Prepayment rates
- Interest rates
Financial assets designated at fair value 
through profit or loss
Present-value method
(Discounted future cash flows)
- Issuer credit risk
- Current market interest rates
Debt securities
Financial assets at fair value through other 
comprehensive income
Equity instruments
Comparable pricing (Observable price in a similar 
market)
Net asset value
- Brokers quotes
- Market operations
- NAVs published
- NAV provided by the administrator of the fund
Debt securities
Present-value method
(Discounted future cash flows)
Observed prices in non-active markets
- Issuer´s credit risk
- Current market interest rates
- Non active market prices
- Prepayment rates
- Issuer credit risk
- Recovery rates
Hedging derivatives
Interest rate
Interest rate products (Interest rate Swaps, Call 
money Swaps and FRA): Discounted cash flows
Caps/Floors: Black 76 and  SABR
Bond options: Black 76
Swaptions: Black, SABR and LGM
Other Interest rate Options: Black, SABR  and 
Libor Market Model
Constant Maturity Swaps: SABR
-  Exchange rates
-  Market quoted future prices
-  Market interest rates
-  Underlying assets prices: shares, funds, 
commodities
-  Market observable volatilities  
-  Issuer credit spread levels
-  Quoted dividends
-  Market listed correlations
- Beta
- Implicit correlations between tenors
- interest rates volatility
Equity
Future and Equity Forward: Discounted future 
cash flows
Equity Options: Local volatility, Black 76, 
Momentum adjustment and Heston
- Volatility of volatility
- Implicit assets correlations
- Long term implicit correlations
- Implicit dividends and long term repos
Foreign exchange and gold
Future and Equity Forward: Discounted future 
cash flows
Foreign exchange Options: Local volatility, 
momentum adjustment
- Volatility of volatility
- Implicit assets correlations
- Long term implicit correlations
Credit
Credit Derivatives: Default model and Gaussian 
copula
- Correlation default
- Credit spread
- Recovery rates
- Interest rate yield
- Default volatility
Commodities
Commodities: Momentum adjustment and 
Discounted cash flows
Fair value of Financial Instruments by levels. (Millions of Euros)
Consolidated Financial Statements Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
103
Translation of the Consolidated Financial Statements originally issued in Spanish and prepared in accordance with EU-IFRS, as adopted 
by the European Union (see Notes 1 to 56). In the event of a discrepancy, the Spanish-language version prevails

Fair Value of Financial Instruments by Levels
LIABILITIES
Valuation techniques in Levels 2 and 3
Observable inputs in Levels 2 and 3
Unobservable inputs in Levels 2 and 3
Financial liabilities held for trading 
Deposits
Present-value method
(Discounted future cash flows)
- Interest rate yield
- Funding interest rates observed in the 
market or in consensus services
-  Exchange rates
- Funding interest rates not observed in 
the market or in consensus services
Derivatives
Interest rate
Interest rate products (Interest rate 
Swaps, call money Swaps and FRA): 
Discounted cash flows
Caps/Floors: Black 76 and SABR
Bond options: Black 76
Swaptions: Black 76, SABR and LGM
Other Interest rate Options: Black,  SABR 
and Libor Market Model
Constant Maturity Swaps: SABR
-  Exchange rates
-  Market quoted future prices
-  Market interest rates
-  Underlying assets prices: shares, funds, 
commodities
-  Market observable volatilities  
-  Issuer credit spread levels
-  Quoted dividends
-  Market listed correlations
- Beta
- Correlation between tenors
- Interest rates volatility
Equity
Future and Equity forward: Discounted 
future cash flows
Equity Options: Local volatility, 
momentum adjustment and Heston
- Volatility of volatility
- Assets correlation
Foreign exchange and gold
Future and Equity Forward: Discounted 
future cash flows
Foreign exchange Options: Black 76, Local 
volatility, momentum adjustment
- Volatility of volatility
- Assets correlation
Credit
Credit Derivatives: Default model and 
Gaussian copula
- Correlation default
- Credit spread
- Recovery rates
- Interest rate yield
- Default volatility
Commodities
Commodities: Momentum adjustment 
and discounted cash flows
Short positions 
Present-value method
(Discounted future cash flows)
- Prepayment rates
- Issuer´s credit risk
- Current market interest rates
Financial liabilities designated at fair 
value through profit or loss
Present-value method
(Discounted future cash flows)
- Prepayment rates
- Issuer´s credit risk
- Current market interest rates
- Prepayment rates
- Issuer´s credit risk
- Current market interest rates
Derivatives – Hedge accounting
Interest rate
Interest rate products (Interest rate 
Swaps, call money Swaps and FRA): 
Discounted cash flows
Caps/Floors: Black 76 and SABR
Bond options: Black 76
Swaptions: Black 76, SABR and LGM
Other Interest rate Options: Black,  SABR 
and Libor Market Model
Constant Maturity Swaps: SABR
-  Exchange rates
-  Market quoted future prices
-  Market interest rates
-  Underlying assets prices: shares, funds, 
commodities
-  Market observable volatilities  
-  Issuer credit spread levels
-  Quoted dividends
-  Market listed correlations
- Beta
- Implicit correlations between tenors
- interest rates volatility
Equity
Future and Equity Forward: Discounted 
future cash flows
Equity Options: Local volatility, 
momentum adjustment and Heston
- Volatility of volatility
- Implicit assets correlations
- Long term implicit correlations
- Implicit dividends and long term repos
Foreign exchange and gold
Future and Equity Forward: Discounted 
future cash flows
Foreign exchange Options: Black 76, Local 
Volatility, momentum adjustment
- Volatility of volatility
- Implicit assets correlations
- Long term implicit correlations
Credit
Credit Derivatives: Default model and 
Gaussian copula
- Correlation default
- Credit spread
- Recovery rates
- Interest rate yield
- Default volatility
Commodities
Commodities: Momentum adjustment 
and discounted cash flows
Consolidated Financial Statements Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
104
Translation of the Consolidated Financial Statements originally issued in Spanish and prepared in accordance with EU-IFRS, as adopted 
by the European Union (see Notes 1 to 56). In the event of a discrepancy, the Spanish-language version prevails

Main valuation techniques
The main techniques used for the assessment of the majority of the financial instruments classified in level 3, and its main 
unobservable inputs, are described below:
–
The net present value (net present value method): This technique uses the future cash flows of each financial instrument, 
which are established in the different contracts, and discounted to their present value. This technique often includes many 
observable inputs, but may also include unobservable inputs, as described below:
a.
Credit Spread: This input represents the difference in yield of a debt security and the reference rate, reflecting the 
additional return that a market participant would require to take the credit risk of that debt security. Therefore, 
the credit spread of the debt security is part of the discount rate used to calculate the present value of the future 
cash flows.
b.
Recovery rate: This input represents the percentage of principal and interest recovered from a debt instrument 
that has defaulted.
–
Comparable prices (similar asset prices): This input represents the prices of comparable financial instruments and 
benchmarks used to calculate a reference yield based on relative movements from the entry price or current market levels. 
Further adjustments to account for differences that may exist between financial instrument being valued and the 
comparable financial instrument may be added. It can also be assumed that the price of the financial instrument is 
equivalent to the comparable instrument.
–
Net asset value: This technique utilizes certain assumptions to use net asset value as representative of fair value, which is 
equal to the total value of the assets and liabilities of a fund published by the managing entity.
–
Gaussian copula: This model is used to integrate default probabilities of credit instruments referenced to more than one 
underlying CDS (Credit Default Swaps). The joint density function used to value the instrument is constructed by using a 
Gaussian copula that relates the marginal densities by a normal distribution, usually extracted from the correlation matrix of 
events approaching default by CDS issuers.
–
Black 76: variant of Black Scholes model, whose main application is the valuation of bond options, cap floors and Swaptions 
where the behavior of the Forward and not the Spot itself, is directly modeled.
–
Black Scholes: The Black Scholes model postulates log-normal distribution for the prices of securities, so that the expected 
return under the risk neutral measure is the risk free interest rate. Under this assumption, the price of vanilla options can be 
obtained analytically, so that inverting the Black- Scholes formula, the implied volatility for process of the price can be 
calculated.
–
Heston: This model, typically applied to equity OTC options, assumes stochastic behavior of volatility. According to which, 
the volatility follows a process that reverts to a long-term level and is correlated with the underlying equity instrument. As 
opposed to local volatility models, in which the volatility evolves deterministically, the Heston model is more flexible, 
allowing it to be similar to that observed in the short term today.
–
Libor market model: This model assumes that the dynamics of the interest rate curve can be modeled based on the set of 
forward contracts that compose the underlying interest rate. The correlation matrix is parameterized on the assumption 
that the correlation between any two forward contracts decreases at a constant rate, beta, to the extent of the difference in 
their respective due dates. The input “Credit default volatility” is a volatility input of the credit factor dynamic applied in 
rate/credit hybrid operative. The multifactorial frame of this model makes it ideal for the valuation of instruments sensitive 
to the slope or curve, including interest rate option.
–
Local Volatility: In the local volatility models, the volatility, instead of being static, evolves deterministically over time 
according to the level of moneyness (i.e. probability that the option has a positive value on its date of expiration) of the 
underlying, capturing the existence of volatility smiles. The volatility smile of an option is the empirical relationship observed 
between its implied volatility and its strike price. These models are appropriate for options whose value depends on the 
historical evolution of the underlying which use Monte Carlo simulation technique for their valuation.
Consolidated Financial Statements Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
105
Translation of the Consolidated Financial Statements originally issued in Spanish and prepared in accordance with EU-IFRS, as adopted 
by the European Union (see Notes 1 to 56). In the event of a discrepancy, the Spanish-language version prevails

Unobservable inputs
Quantitative information of unobservable inputs used to calculate level 3 valuations is presented below as of December 31, 2024, 
2023 and 2022.
Unobservable inputs. December 2024
Financial instrument
Valuation technique(s)
Significant 
unobservable inputs
Min
Average
Max
Units
Debt Securities
Present value method
Credit spread
—
113
3,907
bp
Recovery rate
0 %
39 %
40 %
%
Comparable Pricing
0 %
95 %
233 %
%
Equity/Fund 
instruments (1)
Net Asset Value
Comparable Pricing
Loans and advances
Present value method
Repo funding curve
2.09 %
3.70 %
7.11 %
%
Credit Derivatives
Gaussian Copula
Correlation default
19 %
59 %
92 %
%
Black 76
Price volatility
—
—
—
Vegas
Equity Derivatives
Option models on 
equities, baskets of 
equity, funds
Dividends (2)
Correlations
(88 %)
48 %
99 %
%
Volatility
5.07
30.90
122.35
Vegas
FX Derivatives
Option models on FX 
underlyings
Volatility
3.93
9.46
14.91
Vegas
IR Derivatives
Option models on IR 
underlyings
Beta
3.00 %
5 %
11 %
%
Correlation rate/credit
(100 %)
100%
%
Correlation rate/inflation
42 %
74 %
95 %
%
(1) Due to the diversity of valuation models of equity valuations, we would not include all the unobservable inputs or the quantitative ranges of them. 
(2) The range of unobservable dividends is too wide range to be relevant.
Unobservable inputs. December 2023
Financial instrument
Valuation technique(s)
Significant 
unobservable inputs
Min
Average
Max
Units
Debt Securities
Present value method
Credit spread
—
136
4,369
bp
Recovery rate
0 %
39 %
40 %
%
Comparable Pricing
0 %
99 %
237 %
%
Equity/Fund 
instruments (1)
Net Asset Value
Comparable Pricing
Loans and advances
Present value method
Repo funding curve
2.26 %
3.74 %
5.76 %
%
Credit Derivatives
Gaussian Copula
Correlation default
26 %
60 %
85 %
%
Black 76
Price volatility
—
—
—
Vegas
Equity Derivatives
Option models on 
equities, baskets of 
equity, funds
Dividends (2)
Correlations
(88 %)
52 %
99 %
%
Volatility
8.47
29.41
70.94
Vegas
FX Derivatives
Option models on FX 
underlyings
Volatility
4.31
10.24
18.52
Vegas
IR Derivatives
Option models on IR 
underlyings
Beta
3.00 %
5 %
11 %
%
Correlation rate/credit
(100 %)
100 %
%
Correlation rate/inflation
52%
60%
74%
%
(1) Due to the diversity of valuation models of equity valuations, we would not include all the unobservable inputs or the quantitative ranges of them. 
(2) The range of unobservable dividends is too wide range to be relevant.
Consolidated Financial Statements Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
106
Translation of the Consolidated Financial Statements originally issued in Spanish and prepared in accordance with EU-IFRS, as adopted 
by the European Union (see Notes 1 to 56). In the event of a discrepancy, the Spanish-language version prevails

Unobservable inputs. December 2022
Financial instrument
Valuation technique(s)
Significant 
unobservable inputs
Min
Average
Max
Units
Debt securities
Present value method
Credit spread
—
111
1,538
bp
Recovery rate
0 %
39 %
40 %
%
Comparable pricing
2 %
94 %
139 %
%
Equity/Fund 
instruments (1)
Net asset value
Comparable pricing
Loans and advances
Present value method
Repo funding curve
0.71 %
3.48 %
5.52 %
%
Credit derivatives
Gaussian Copula
Correlation default
26 %
44 %
58 %
%
Black 76
Price volatility
—
—
—
Vegas
Equity derivatives
Option models on 
equities, baskets of 
equity, funds
Dividends (2)
Correlations
(93 %)
59 %
99 %
%
Volatility
7.81
32.62
98.71
Vegas
FX derivatives
Option models on FX 
underlyings
Volatility
5.32
11.93
20.73
Vegas
IR derivatives
Option models on IR 
underlyings
Beta
0.25 %
2 %
18 %
%
Correlation rate/credit
(100 %)
100 %
%
Correlation rate/inflation
51 %
66 %
76 %
%
(1) Due to the diversity of valuation models of equity valuations, we would not include all the unobservable inputs or the quantitative ranges of them. 
(2) The range of unobservable dividends is too wide range to be relevant.
Adjustments to the valuation 
Under IFRS 13, the entity must estimate the value taking into account the assumptions and conditions that market participants would 
have when setting the price of the asset or liability on the valuation date.
In order to comply with the fair value requirements, the entity applies adjustments to the fair valuation considering inherent and 
counterparties´ default criteria, funding valuation risk and valuation risks due to valuation uncertainty and related to the prudent 
valuation criteria. The above is aligned with the regulatory requirements (EBA CRR 105.10) and considers the model risk, liquidity risk 
(Bid/Offer) and price uncertainty risk.
Adjustments to the valuation for risk of default
The fair value of liabilities should reflect the entity's default risk, which includes, among other components, its own credit risk. Taking 
this into account, the Group makes valuation adjustments for credit risk in the estimates of the fair value of its assets and liabilities.
These adjustments are calculated by estimating Exposure At Default, Probability of Default and Loss Given Default, which are based 
on the recovery levels for all derivative products on any instrument, deposits and repos at the legal entity level (all counterparties 
under a same master agreement), in which BBVA has exposure.
Credit Valuation Adjustment (hereinafter “CVA”) and Debit Valuation Adjustments (hereinafter “DVA”) are included in the valuation of 
derivatives, both assets and liabilities, to reflect the impact on the fair value of the counterparty credit risk and its own, respectively. 
The Group incorporates in its valuation, for all exposures classified in any of the categories valued at fair value, both the counterparty 
credit risk and its own. In the trading portfolio, and in the specific case of derivatives, credit risk is recognized through such 
adjustments.
As a general rule, the calculation of CVA is the sum of the expected positive exposure in time t, the probability of default between t-1 
and t, and the Loss Given Default of the counterparty. Consequently, the DVA is calculated as the sum of the expected negative 
exposure in time t, the probability of default of BBVA between t-1 and t, and the Loss Given Default of BBVA. Both calculations are 
performed throughout the entire period of potential exposure.
The calculation of the expected positive and negative exposure is done through a Montecarlo simulation of the market variables 
involved in all trades’ valuation under the same legal netting set. 
The information needed to calculate the probability of default and the loss given default of a counterparty comes from the credit 
markets. The counterparty’s Credit Default Swaps are used if liquid quotes are available. If a market price is not available, BBVA has 
implemented a mapping process based on the sector, rating and geography of the counterparty to assign probabilities of default and 
loss given default calibrated directly to market.
Consolidated Financial Statements Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
107
Translation of the Consolidated Financial Statements originally issued in Spanish and prepared in accordance with EU-IFRS, as adopted 
by the European Union (see Notes 1 to 56). In the event of a discrepancy, the Spanish-language version prevails

An additional adjustment for Own Credit Adjustment (hereinafter "OCA") is applied to the instruments accounted for by applying the 
Fair Value Option permitted by IFRS 9. The related amounts recognized in the consolidated balance sheet as of December 31, 2024 
and 2023, related to OCA were €393 million and €406 million, respectively.
The amounts recognized in the consolidated balance sheets as of December 31, 2024, 2023 and 2022 related to the valuation 
adjustments incorporated to the credit assessment derivative assets amounted to €-205 million €-133 million and €-158 million, 
respectively as Credit Valuation Adjustments (CVA), and amounted to €116 million, €91 million and €135 million, respectively as Debit 
Valuation Adjustment (DVA). The impact recorded under “Gains (losses) on financial assets and liabilities held for trading, net” in the 
consolidated income statement was €17 million for the year ended December 31, 2024 and €26 million and €0 million in 2023 and 
2022, respectively. 
Valuation adjustments for financing risk
The fair value of the positions recorded at fair value must reflect the entity's financing risk. Taking into account the above, the Group 
makes adjustments for financing risk valuation (Funding Valuation Adjustment FVA) in the estimates of the fair value of its assets and 
liabilities.
The adjustment to the valuation for financing risk incorporates the cost of financing implicit in the valuation of positions at fair value. 
This adjustment reflects the cost of funding for non-collateralized or partially collateralized operations.
Additionally, as of December 31, 2024, 2023 and 2022, €-19 million, €-16 million and €-16 million related to the FVA were recognized 
in the consolidated balance sheet, being the impact on results not significant.
Valuation adjustments for valuation uncertainty
The fair value of the positions recorded at fair value must reflect the valuation risk derived from the uncertainty in the valuation for 
concepts of pure uncertainty of prices, liquidity risk and model risks. This adjustment is aligned with the regulatory requirements for 
prudent valuation via valuation adjustments with an impact on CET1, and meets the requirements of EBA CRR 105.10 for this purpose.
The adjustment to the valuation for liquidity incorporates an adjustment for Bid / Offer spreads in the valuation of positions that do 
not meet the necessary conditions to be considered a Market Maker operation.
The adjustment to the valuation for model risk captures the uncertainty in the price associated with the products valued with the use 
of a valuation model ("Mark to Model") given the existence of more than one possible model applicable to the valuation of the product 
or the calibration of its parameters from the observations of inputs in the market.
The adjustment to the valuation for price uncertainty includes the uncertainty associated with the dispersion in the values observed in 
the market for the prices taken in the valuation of assets or as inputs in the valuation models.
The impact recorded under “Gains (losses) on financial assets and liabilities held for trading, net” in the consolidated income 
statement for the year ended December 31, 2024 corresponding to the mentioned adjustments was a net impact of €-53 million. An 
adjustment was also made as of December 31, 2024 on financial assets at fair value through other comprehensive income for a total 
of €-17 million (€-15 million and €-11 million in 2023 and 2022, respectively). 
Financial assets and liabilities classified as level 3
The changes in the balance of level 3 financial assets and liabilities included in the consolidated balance sheets are as follows:
Financial assets level 3: Changes in the year (Millions of Euros)
2024
2023
2022
Assets
Liabilities
Assets
Liabilities
Assets
Liabilities
Balance at the beginning
4,264
3,467
3,931
2,743
5,301
2,054
Changes in fair value recognized in profit and loss ⁽¹⁾
490
144
(7)
113
289
(131)
Changes in fair value not recognized in profit and loss
29
—
21
(1)
(62)
14
Acquisitions, disposals and liquidations
397
(59)
27
374
(783)
782
Net transfers to level 3
(330)
(165)
289
204
(750)
74
Exchange differences and others
(6)
(67)
3
34
(64)
(50)
Balance at the end
4,843
3,321
4,264
3,467
3,931
2,743
(1) Profit or loss that is attributable to gains or losses relating to those financial assets and liabilities held as of December 31, 2024, 2023 and 2022. Valuation adjustments are 
recorded under the heading “Gains (losses) on financial assets and liabilities (net)”.
During 2024, there was an increase in positions classified as level 3, mainly concentrated in cash fixed-income positions due to 
unobservability in market prices applied in their valuation. No significant changes were observed in other positions, such as 
derivatives, reverse repurchase agreements and cash variable-income positions.
In 2023, as a result of the implementation of the multifactor criteria in the classification, which considered all the risk factors of the 
exposures, their observability and uncertainty, there was a reduction in exposure to level 3 derivatives, offset by an increase in 
exposure classified at level 3 in repurchase agreements positions due to unobservability in the inputs used in their valuation. The 
Consolidated Financial Statements Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
108
Translation of the Consolidated Financial Statements originally issued in Spanish and prepared in accordance with EU-IFRS, as adopted 
by the European Union (see Notes 1 to 56). In the event of a discrepancy, the Spanish-language version prevails

increase in Level 3 exposure was mainly related to cash positions of variable income and fixed income due to unobservability in their 
prices. 
In 2022, the net volume of exposures classified as level 3 was reduced. This reduction was mainly concentrated in repurchase 
agreements positions, derived from the rotation of the portfolio towards positions with better observability in the equity market of the 
inputs applied at their fair value. Additionally, the reduction in the volume of level 3 exposures of repurchase agreement positions was 
mitigated by the increase in the volume of level 3 exposures in derivatives, for which there was worse observability in the market of 
the inputs used in their fair value valuation.
For the years ended December 31, 2024, 2023 and 2022, the profit/loss on sales of financial instruments classified as level 3 
recognized in the consolidated income statement was not material.
Transfers among levels
The Global Valuation area, in collaboration with the Group, has established the rules for an appropriate financial instruments held for 
trading classification according to the fair value hierarchy defined by IFRS.
On a monthly basis, derivative positions, deposits, loans and advances from the portfolio are classified, according to this criterion, by 
the subsidiaries. Then, there is a quarterly review of the portfolio in order to analyze the need for a change in classification of any of 
these assets.
On a quarterly basis, the positions of equity instruments and debt securities are classified, following these criteria, by the local areas 
in coordination with Global Markets Valuation.
The financial instruments transferred among the different levels of measurement for the years ended December 31, 2024, 2023 and 
2022 are at the following amounts in the consolidated balance sheets as of December 31, 2024, 2023 and 2022:
Transfers among levels. December 2024 (Millions of Euros)
From:
Level 1
Level 2
Level 3
To:
Level 2
Level 3
Level 1 
Level 3
Level 1
Level 2
ASSETS
Financial assets held for trading
115
—
1,238
78
16
199
Non-trading financial assets mandatorily at fair 
value through profit or loss
68
14
1
—
35
18
Financial assets designated at fair value 
through profit or loss
—
—
1
—
—
—
Financial assets at fair value through other 
comprehensive income
1,425
17
1,348
12
13
170
Derivatives – Hedge accounting
—
—
—
—
—
—
Total
1,608
31
2,586
90
64
387
LIABILITIES
Financial liabilities held for trading
107
—
461
45
11
380
Financial liabilities designated at fair value 
through profit or loss
—
—
—
301
—
121
Derivatives – Hedge accounting
—
—
—
—
—
—
Total
107
—
461
346
11
501
Consolidated Financial Statements Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
109
Translation of the Consolidated Financial Statements originally issued in Spanish and prepared in accordance with EU-IFRS, as adopted 
by the European Union (see Notes 1 to 56). In the event of a discrepancy, the Spanish-language version prevails

Transfer among levels (Millions of Euros)
2023
2022
From:
Level 1
Level 2
Level 3
Level 1
Level 2
Level 3
To:
Level 2
Level 3
Level 1 
Level 3
Level 1
Level 2
Level 2
Level 3
Level 1 
Level 3
Level 1
Level 2
ASSETS
Financial assets held for 
trading
887
34
89
666
—
497
683
1
1,909
340
24
911
Non-trading financial assets 
mandatorily at fair value 
through profit or loss
1
135
—
70
—
—
—
—
243
—
53
2
Financial assets designated at 
fair value through profit or loss
—
—
—
—
—
—
—
—
123
—
—
—
Financial assets at fair value 
through other comprehensive 
income
1,191
21
1,296
205
103
243
1,723
—
715
—
18
83
Derivatives – Hedge 
accounting
—
—
—
—
—
—
—
—
—
—
—
—
Total
2,079
190
1,385
941
103
740
2,407
1
2,990
340
95
996
LIABILITIES
Financial liabilities held for 
trading
596
3
36
177
1
372
524
—
239
141
—
258
Financial liabilities designated 
at fair value through profit or 
loss
—
—
—
660
—
262
—
—
—
221
—
55
Derivatives – Hedge 
accounting
—
—
—
—
—
—
—
—
—
25
—
—
Total
596
3
36
837
1
635
524
—
239
387
—
313
The amount of the financial instruments at fair value that were transferred among the different valuation levels during 2024 showed a 
reasonable behavior in relation to the evolution of market observability in the inputs applied in their valuation. No significant level 
transfers were made from Level 1 to Level 3, with the most significant volumes of transfers concentrated between Level 1 and Level 2, 
and Level 2 and Level 3. In both cases, the changes were solely due to the observability conditions of market inputs.
The amount of the financial instruments at fair value portfolio that were transferred among the different valuation levels during 2023 
correspond mainly, with respect to Level 1 to Level 2, to the review of the classification among levels due to the implementation of the 
short term maturities model valuation of the listed options for those positions for which it is guaranteed that the inputs applied from 
real OTC market transactions are complied with the corroboration criteria. Additionally, there is a transfer of exposure Level 1 to Level 
2 in cash positions in debt securities and equities, partially netted by a transfer of exposure Level 2 to Level 1, all directly related to the 
observability of the inputs. The volume of positions transferred from Level 2 to Level 3 is partly offset by the transfer of certain 
positions from Level 3 to Level 2, mainly in cash positions in debt securities, equities and loans and advances.
The amount of financial instruments that were transferred among levels of valuation during the year ended December 31, 2022 
corresponds to the above changes in the classification among levels since such financial instruments modified some of their features. 
Specifically, transfers among Levels 1 and 2 occurred mainly in derivatives and debt securities. Transfers from Level 2 to Level 3 were 
mainly related to derivatives and deposits at fair value through profit or loss, and in relation to transfers from Level 3 to Level 2, this 
generally affected derivatives and loans and advances held for trading.
Sensitivity analysis
Sensitivity analysis is performed on financial instruments with significant unobservable inputs (financial instruments included in level 
3), in order to obtain a reasonable range of possible alternative valuations. This analysis is carried out based on the criteria defined by 
the Global Valuation area in line with the official regulatory requirements for Prudent Valuation metrics, taking into account the nature 
of the methods used for the assessment and the reliability and availability of inputs and proxies used. In order to establish, with a 
sufficient degree of certainty, the valuation risk that is incurred in such assets without applying diversification criteria between them.
As of December 31, 2024, the effect on profit for the year and total equity of changing the main unobservable inputs used for the 
measurement of level 3 financial instruments for other reasonably possible unobservable inputs, taking the highest (most favorable 
input) or lowest (least favorable input) value of the range deemed probable, would be as follows:
Consolidated Financial Statements Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
110
Translation of the Consolidated Financial Statements originally issued in Spanish and prepared in accordance with EU-IFRS, as adopted 
by the European Union (see Notes 1 to 56). In the event of a discrepancy, the Spanish-language version prevails

Financial instruments level 3: sensitivity analysis (Millions of Euros)
Potential impact on consolidated
 income statement 
Potential impact on
other comprehensive income
Most favorable 
hypothesis
Least favorable 
hypothesis
Most favorable 
hypothesis
Least favorable 
hypothesis
2024
2023
2024
2023
2024
2023
2024
2023
ASSETS
Financial assets held for trading
48
21
(89)
(117)
—
—
—
—
Loans and advances
4
2
(4)
(2)
—
—
—
—
Debt securities
37
9
(61)
(22)
—
—
—
—
Equity instruments
—
—
(17)
(83)
—
—
—
—
Derivatives
6
9
(6)
(9)
—
—
—
—
Non-trading financial assets mandatorily 
at fair value through profit or loss
9
5
(85)
(114)
—
—
—
—
Loans and advances
—
—
—
—
—
—
—
—
Debt securities
3
3
(7)
(21)
—
—
—
—
Equity instruments
6
2
(78)
(92)
—
—
—
—
Financial assets designated at fair value 
through profit or loss
—
—
—
—
—
—
—
—
Financial assets at fair value through other 
comprehensive income
—
—
—
—
48
34
(90)
(89)
Total
57
26
(173)
(230)
48
34
(90)
(89)
LIABILITIES
Financial liabilities held for trading
12
13
(13)
(18)
—
—
—
—
Total
12
13
(13)
(18)
—
—
—
—
8.2
Fair value of financial instruments recognized at amortized cost according to valuation 
method
The valuation technique used to calculate the fair value of financial assets and liabilities carried at cost are presented below:
Financial assets
–
Cash, balances at central banks and other demand deposits / loans to central banks / short-term loans to credit 
institutions/ repurchase agreements: in general, their fair value approximates to their book value, due to the nature of the 
counterparty and because they are mainly short-term balances in which the book value is the most reasonable estimation of 
the value of the asset.
–
Loans to credit institutions which are not short-term and loans to customers: In general, these financial assets will be valued 
by discounting future cash flows using the interest rate curve adjusted by the market spread at the time of valuation and 
considering any behavioral hypothesis considered to be relevant (early prepayments, optionality, etc.). Therefore, their 
valuations will be conditioned by the interest rates and spreads of the portfolios and their durations. 
–
Debt securities: Fair value estimated based on the available market price or by using internal valuation methodologies.
Financial liabilities
–
Deposits from central banks: for recurrent liquidity auctions and other monetary policy instruments of central banks / 
short-term deposits, from credit institutions / repurchase agreements / short term customer deposits: their book value is 
considered to be the best estimation of their fair value.
–
Deposits of credit institutions which are not short-term and term customer deposits: these deposits are valued by 
discounting future cash flows using the interest rate curve in effect at the time of the adjustment adjusted by the credit 
spread and incorporating any behavioral assumptions considered to be relevant (early repayments, optionalities, etc.).
–
Debt certificate (Issuances): The fair value estimation of these liabilities is based on the availability of market prices or the 
present value method: discount of future cash flows, using market interest rates at valuation time and taking into account 
the credit spread.
Consolidated Financial Statements Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
111
Translation of the Consolidated Financial Statements originally issued in Spanish and prepared in accordance with EU-IFRS, as adopted 
by the European Union (see Notes 1 to 56). In the event of a discrepancy, the Spanish-language version prevails

The table below shows the fair value of the Group's financial instruments recognized at amortized cost in the consolidated balance 
sheets, broken down according to the valuation method used to determine their fair value, and their respective book value, as well as 
the main valuation techniques and inputs used for financial instruments classified in level 2 and level 3 as of December 31, 2024, 2023 
and 2022:
Fair value of financial instruments recognized at amortized cost by levels.
December 2024 (Millions of Euros)
Notes
Book 
value
Fair value
Carrying 
amount 
presented as 
fair value ⁽¹⁾
Level 1
Level 2
Level 3
Total
ASSETS
Cash, cash balances at central banks 
and other demand deposits
9
51,145
51,145
—
—
—
51,145
Financial assets at amortized cost
14
502,400
32,615
50,771
24,157
394,496
502,039
Debt securities
59,014
—
50,771
6,589
921
58,281
Loans and advances
443,386
32,615
—
17,568
393,575
443,759
LIABILITIES
Financial liabilities at amortized cost 
22
584,339
378,530
47,323
58,016
101,025
584,894
Deposits
496,720
360,777
—
37,647
98,038
496,461
Debt certificates issued
69,867
—
47,323
20,369
2,986
70,679
Other financial liabilities
17,753
17,753
—
—
—
17,753
(1) Financial instruments whose book value is presented as an approximation to their fair value, mainly short-term financial instruments.
Fair value of financial instruments recognized at amortized cost by levels. 
December 2023 (Millions of Euros)
Notes
Book 
value
Fair value
Carrying 
amount 
presented as 
fair value ⁽¹⁾
Level 1
Level 2
Level 3
Total
ASSETS
Cash, cash balances at central banks 
and other demand deposits
9
75,416
75,416
—
—
—
75,416
Financial assets at amortized cost
14
451,732
34,826
41,950
10,533
359,062
446,371
Debt securities 
49,462
—
41,950
6,244
759
48,952
Loans and advances
402,270
34,826
—
4,290
358,303
397,418
LIABILITIES
Financial liabilities at amortized cost 
22
557,589
358,657
42,742
86,390
68,127
555,915
Deposits
473,835
343,611
1,269
62,049
64,601
471,530
Debt certificates issued
68,707
—
41,472
24,341
3,526
69,339
Other financial liabilities
15,046
15,046
—
—
—
15,046
(1) Financial instruments whose book value is presented as an approximation to their fair value, mainly short-term financial instruments.
Consolidated Financial Statements Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
112
Translation of the Consolidated Financial Statements originally issued in Spanish and prepared in accordance with EU-IFRS, as adopted 
by the European Union (see Notes 1 to 56). In the event of a discrepancy, the Spanish-language version prevails

Fair value of financial instruments recognized at amortized cost by levels. 
December 2022 (Millions of Euros)
Notes
Book 
value
Fair value
Carrying 
amount 
presented as 
fair value ⁽¹⁾
Level 1
Level 2
Level 3
Total
ASSETS
Cash, cash balances at central banks 
and other demand deposits
9
79,756
79,756
—
—
—
79,756
Financial assets at amortized cost
14
414,421
33,953
26,239
10,580
342,194
412,965
Debt securities 
36,639
—
26,239
9,313
759
36,311
Loans and advances
377,782
33,953
—
1,267
341,435
376,655
LIABILITIES
Financial liabilities at amortized cost 
22
529,172
380,520
40,752
43,205
61,118
525,595
Deposits
459,662
369,387
2,810
35,965
49,731
457,894
Debt certificates issued
55,429
—
37,942
7,240
8,368
53,550
Other financial liabilities
14,081
11,132
—
—
3,019
14,151
(1) Financial instruments whose book value is presented as an approximation to their fair value, mainly short-term financial instruments.
The fair value of the “Financial assets at amortized cost” has been estimated mainly using the valuation techniques of the Present-
value method (discounted future cash flows). The main inputs considered for Levels 2 and 3 are the interest rate yield, the 
prepayment rates and the credit spread. 
In the case of “Financial liabilities at amortized cost”, the fair value is also obtained mainly through the Present-value method 
(discounted future cash flows). The main inputs considered for, at levels 2 and 3, the issuer's credit risk, the interest rate yield and the 
prepayment rate.
9.
Cash, cash balances at central banks and other demand deposits
The breakdown of the balance under the heading “Cash, cash balances at central banks and other demand deposits” in the 
consolidated balance sheets is as follows:
Cash, cash balances at central banks and other demand deposits (Millions of Euros)
Notes
2024
2023
2022
Cash on hand
8,636
7,751
6,533
Cash balances at central banks ⁽¹⁾ 
35,306
60,750
67,314
Other demand deposits
7,202
6,916
5,909
Total
8.2
51,145
75,416
79,756
(1) The variation is mainly due to the evolution of the balances held in the Bank of Spain.
Consolidated Financial Statements Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
113
Translation of the Consolidated Financial Statements originally issued in Spanish and prepared in accordance with EU-IFRS, as adopted 
by the European Union (see Notes 1 to 56). In the event of a discrepancy, the Spanish-language version prevails

10.
Financial assets and liabilities held for trading
10.1
Breakdown of the balance
The breakdown of the balance under these headings in the consolidated balance sheets is as follows:
Financial assets and liabilities held for trading (Millions of Euros)
Notes
2024
2023
2022
ASSETS
Derivatives 
36,003
34,293
39,908
Equity instruments 
7.2.2
6,760
4,589
4,404
Credit institutions
393
277
317
Other sectors
6,367
4,312
4,086
Debt securities
7.2.2
27,955
28,569
24,367
Issued by central banks
768
740
821
Issued by public administrations
23,671
24,766
20,703
Issued by financial institutions
1,665
1,824
1,365
Other debt securities
1,852
1,239
1,477
Loans and advances
7.2.2
38,230
73,590
41,993
Loans and advances to central banks
556
2,809
1,632
Reverse repurchase agreement
556
2,809
1,632
Loans and advances to credit institutions
20,938
56,599
25,231
Reverse repurchase agreement (1)
20,918
56,569
25,201
Loans and advances to customers 
16,736
14,182
15,130
Reverse repurchase agreement
15,108
13,615
14,832
Total assets
8.1
108,948
141,042
110,671
LIABILITIES
Derivatives 
33,059
33,045
37,909
Short positions
13,878
15,735
13,487
Deposits
39,654
72,935
44,215
Deposits from central banks 
3,360
6,397
3,950
Repurchase agreement
3,360
6,397
3,950
Deposits from credit institutions
16,285
43,337
28,924
Repurchase agreement (1)
15,994
42,676
28,573
Customer deposits
20,010
23,201
11,341
Repurchase agreement
19,913
23,157
11,302
Total liabilities
8.1
86,591
121,715
95,611
(1) The variation is mainly due to the evolution of "Reverse repurchase agreement" of BBVA, S.A. partially offset by the evolution of "Repurchase agreement" principally of BBVA, 
S.A.
As of December 31, 2024, 2023 and 2022 “Short positions” include €13,010 million, €14,914 million and €12,544 million, respectively, 
held with general governments.
Consolidated Financial Statements Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
114
Translation of the Consolidated Financial Statements originally issued in Spanish and prepared in accordance with EU-IFRS, as adopted 
by the European Union (see Notes 1 to 56). In the event of a discrepancy, the Spanish-language version prevails

10.2
Derivatives 
The derivatives portfolio arises from the Group’s need to manage the risks it is exposed to in the normal course of business and also 
to market products amongst the Group’s customers. As of December 31, 2024, 2023 and 2022, most of the derivatives were mainly 
contracted in over-the-counter (OTC) markets, with counterparties, consisting primarily of credit institutions and other financial 
institutions. These derivatives are linked to foreign-exchange rate risk, interest-rate risk and changes in equity instruments. 
Below is a breakdown by type of risk and market, of the fair value and notional amounts of financial derivatives recognized in the 
consolidated balance sheets, divided into organized and OTC markets:
Derivatives by type of risk and by product or by type of market (Millions of Euros)
2024
2023
2022
Assets Liabilities
Notional 
amount - 
Total
Assets
Liabilities
Notional 
amount - 
Total
Assets
Liabilities
Notional 
amount - 
Total
Interest rate
11,588
9,627
4,951,022
15,251
13,171
4,741,629
19,563
18,220
4,286,531
OTC 
11,579
9,622
4,930,657
15,248
13,167
4,722,314
19,558
18,215
4,278,249
Organized market
10
4
20,365
3
4
19,315
5
5
8,282
Equity 
instruments
2,944
4,303
75,045
2,587
3,723
70,804
3,067
3,770
76,749
OTC
682
2,347
38,612
1,212
2,551
49,038
1,810
2,127
52,739
Organized market
2,261
1,956
36,433
1,375
1,172
21,767
1,257
1,643
24,010
Foreign exchange 
and gold
21,060
18,704
825,158
15,911
15,608
632,780
16,971
15,528
589,705
OTC
21,056
18,698
810,770
15,889
15,590
623,203
16,954
15,505
580,850
Organized market
4
7
14,388
22
18
9,577
17
23
8,855
Credit
386
375
42,799
543
542
31,478
299
383
43,450
Credit default swap
349
369
40,847
540
528
29,844
293
282
41,760
Credit spread 
option
—
—
—
—
—
—
—
—
—
Total return swap
37
—
1,952
3
14
1,475
7
101
1,665
Other
—
6
—
—
—
159
—
—
25
Commodities
25
50
1,939
1
1
169
9
8
60
DERIVATIVES
36,003
33,059 5,895,964 34,293
33,045
5,476,860
39,908
37,909
4,996,495
Of which: OTC - 
credit institutions
26,039
23,135
1,742,720
23,998
23,977
1,463,433
28,385
26,454
1,205,895
Of which: OTC - 
other financial 
corporations
3,383
4,212
3,914,640
5,042
4,412
3,815,162
5,745
4,493
3,587,546
Of which: OTC - 
other
4,306
3,744
166,402
3,854
3,461
147,310
4,501
5,290
161,882
11.
Non-trading financial assets mandatorily at fair value through profit or loss
The breakdown of the balance under this heading in the consolidated balance sheets is as follows:
Non-trading financial assets mandatorily at fair value through profit or loss (Millions of Euros)
Notes
2024
2023
2022
Equity instruments
7.2.2
9,782
7,963
6,511
Debt securities
7.2.2
407
484
129
Loans and advances
7.2.2
358
290
247
Total 
8.1
10,546
8,737
6,888
The equity instruments included in this heading mainly comprised financial assets related to the insurance activity of the BBVA 
Group, including investments associated with life insurance products where the investment risk is assumed by the policyholder, such 
as the Unit-link products.
Consolidated Financial Statements Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
115
Translation of the Consolidated Financial Statements originally issued in Spanish and prepared in accordance with EU-IFRS, as adopted 
by the European Union (see Notes 1 to 56). In the event of a discrepancy, the Spanish-language version prevails

12.
Financial assets and liabilities designated at fair value through profit or loss
The breakdown of the balance under these headings in the consolidated balance sheets is as follows:
Financial assets and liabilities designated at fair value through profit or loss (Millions of Euros)
Notes
2024
2023
2022
ASSETS
Debt securities
7.2.2 / 8.1
836
955
913
LIABILITIES
Customer deposits
934
717
700
Debt certificates issued
4,597
3,977
3,288
Other financial liabilities: Unit-link products
9,420
8,605
6,592
Total liabilities
8.1
14,952
13,299
10,580
This heading includes mainly liabilities linked to insurance products where the risk is assumed by the policyholder (Unit-link) 
products. Since the liabilities linked to insurance products in which the policyholder assumes the risk are valued the same way as the 
assets associated with such insurance products, there is no credit risk borne by the Group in relation to these liabilities.
In addition, debt securities are included in these headings to reduce inconsistencies (asymmetries) in the valuation of such operations 
and those operations used to manage the risk associated with them. 
13.
Financial assets at fair value through other comprehensive income
13.1
Breakdown of the balance
The breakdown of the balance of financial assets at fair value through other comprehensive income by type of financial instrument as 
of December 31, 2024, 2023 and 2022 is as follows:
Financial assets at fair value through other comprehensive income (Millions of Euros)
Notes
2024
2023
2022
Equity instruments
7.2.2
1,451
1,217
1,198
Debt securities (1)
57,526
60,963
64,150
Loans and advances to credit institutions
7.2.2
25
26
26
Total 
8.1
59,002
62,205
65,374
Of which: loss allowances of debt securities
(112)
(84)
(123)
(1) During financial years 2024, 2023 and 2022, there have been no significant reclassifications from the heading “Financial assets at fair value through other comprehensive 
income” to other headings or from other headings to “Financial assets at fair value through other comprehensive income”.
Consolidated Financial Statements Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
116
Translation of the Consolidated Financial Statements originally issued in Spanish and prepared in accordance with EU-IFRS, as adopted 
by the European Union (see Notes 1 to 56). In the event of a discrepancy, the Spanish-language version prevails

13.2
Equity instruments
The breakdown of the balance under the heading "Equity instruments" of the consolidated balance sheets as of December 31, 2024, 
2023 and 2022 is as follows:
Financial assets at fair value through other comprehensive income. Equity instruments (Millions of Euros)
2024
2023
2022
Listed equity instruments
Spanish companies shares
1,100
987
960
Foreign companies shares
131
111
138
Mexico
27
33
31
The United States
79
52
44
Turkey
9
6
7
Other countries
17
20
56
Subtotal listed equity instruments
1,231
1,098
1,098
Unlisted equity instruments
Spanish companies shares
46
12
12
Foreign companies shares 
174
106
87
Subtotal unlisted equity instruments
220
119
100
Total
1,451
1,217
1,198
13.3
Debt securities
The breakdown of the balance under the heading “Debt securities” of the consolidated financial statements as of December 31, 2024, 
2023 and 2022, broken down by issuers, is as follows:
Financial assets at fair value through other comprehensive income. Debt securities (Millions of Euros)
2024
2023 
2022
Domestic debt securities
Government and other government agency
10,383
13,757
17,429
Credit institutions
695
901
854
Other issuers
397
454
495
Subtotal 
11,475
15,111
18,779
Foreign debt securities
Mexico
20,461
21,714
16,819
Government and other government agency
19,313
20,364
15,452
Credit institutions
759
886
777
Other issuers
389
464
590
The United States
6,552
6,344
5,202
Government and other government agency
3,703
3,174
2,716
Credit institutions
41
88
93
Other issuers
2,808
3,082
2,393
Turkey
2,849
2,459
3,858
Government and other government agency
2,837
2,445
3,858
Other issuers
12
14
—
Other countries
16,190
15,336
19,493
Other foreign governments and government agency
10,059
8,961
10,340
Central banks
370
508
3,094
Credit institutions
1,921
1,895
2,167
Other issuers
3,840
3,971
3,892
Subtotal 
46,052
45,852
45,372
Total
57,526
60,963
64,150
Consolidated Financial Statements Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
117
Translation of the Consolidated Financial Statements originally issued in Spanish and prepared in accordance with EU-IFRS, as adopted 
by the European Union (see Notes 1 to 56). In the event of a discrepancy, the Spanish-language version prevails

The credit ratings of the issuers of debt securities as of December 31, 2024, 2023 and 2022 are as follows:
Debt securities by rating
2024
2023 
2022
Fair value
(Millions of Euros)
%
Fair value
(Millions of Euros)
%
Fair value
(Millions of euros)
%
AAA
1,370
 2.4  %
1,000
 1.6 %
3,339
 5.2 %
AA+
4,170
 7.2  %
3,685
 6.0 %
490
 0.8 %
AA
261
 0.5  %
384
 0.6 %
420
 0.7 %
AA-
1,061
 1.8  %
642
 1.1 %
501
 0.8 %
A+
905
 1.6  %
1,798
 3.0 %
3,866
 6.0 %
A
2,007
 3.5  %
1,747
 2.9 %
1,725
 2.7 %
A-
12,018
 20.9  %
16,009
 26.3 %
20,350
 31.7 %
BBB+
19,897
 34.6  %
22,854
 37.5 %
17,252
 26.9 %
BBB
9,212
 16.0  %
8,327
 13.7 %
7,470
 11.6 %
BBB-
922
 1.6  %
858
 1.4 %
1,111
 1.7 %
BB+ or below
5,227
 9.1  %
3,480
 5.7 %
7,366
 11.5 %
Unclassified
474
 0.8  %
178
 0.3 %
258
 0.4 %
Total
57,526
 100.0 %
60,963
 100.0 %
64,150
 100.0 %
13.4
Gains/losses
The changes in the gains/losses (net of taxes) in 2024, 2023 and 2022 of debt securities recognized under the equity heading 
“Accumulated other comprehensive income (loss) – Items that may be reclassified to profit or loss – Fair value changes of debt 
instruments measured at fair value through other comprehensive income” and equity instruments recognized under the equity 
heading “Accumulated other comprehensive income (loss) – Items that will not be reclassified to profit or loss –Fair value changes of 
equity instruments measured at fair value through other comprehensive income” in the consolidated balance sheets are as follows:
Other comprehensive income - Changes in gains (losses) (Millions of Euros)
Debt securities
Equity instruments
Notes
2024
2023
2022
2024
2023
2022
Balance at the beginning 
(357)
(809)
1,274
(1,112)
(1,194)
(1,079)
Valuation gains and losses
(568)
659
(3,049)
228
80
(112)
Amounts transferred to income
247
5
20
Amounts transferred to 
Reserves
—
2
(2)
Income tax and other
101
(211)
946
(20)
(1)
(1)
Balance at the end
30
(576)
(357)
(809)
(905)
(1,112)
(1,194)
In 2024, 2023 and 2022, equity instruments presented an increase of €228 million, an increase of €80 million and a decrease of €112 
million, respectively, in the heading “Gains and losses from valuation - Accumulated other comprehensive income - Items that will not 
be reclassified to profit and loss - Fair value changes of equity instruments measured at fair value through other comprehensive 
income”, mainly due to changes in Telefonica’s share price. Likewise, the valuations of debt securities have been affected mainly by 
the evolution of interest rates.
Consolidated Financial Statements Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
118
Translation of the Consolidated Financial Statements originally issued in Spanish and prepared in accordance with EU-IFRS, as adopted 
by the European Union (see Notes 1 to 56). In the event of a discrepancy, the Spanish-language version prevails

14.
Financial assets at amortized cost
14.1
Breakdown of the balance
The breakdown of the balance under this heading in the consolidated balance sheets, according to the nature of the financial 
instrument, is as follows:
Financial assets at amortized cost (Millions of Euros)
Notes
2024
2023
2022
Debt securities
59,014
49,462
36,639
Central banks
6
22
21
Government
54,806
45,124
34,648
Credit institutions
2,459
2,366
400
Other financial corporations
451
923
602
Non-financial corporations
1,292
1,027
967
Loans and advances to central banks
8,255
7,151
4,401
Loans and advances to credit institutions
22,655
17,477
16,031
Reverse repurchase agreement
9,157
5,786
5,251
Other loans and advances
13,497
11,690
10,780
Loans and advances to customers
7.2.2
412,477
377,643
357,351
Government
22,111
23,265
20,892
Other financial corporations
17,497
13,251
12,765
Non-financial corporations
193,386
171,063
165,433
Other
179,483
170,063
158,261
Total
8.1
502,400
451,732
414,421
Of which: impaired assets of loans and advances to 
customers
7.2.2
14,211
14,444
13,493
Of which: loss allowances of loans and advances
7.2.5
(11,630)
(11,316)
(11,291)
Of which: loss allowances of debt securities
(57)
(82)
(91)
Consolidated Financial Statements Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
119
Translation of the Consolidated Financial Statements originally issued in Spanish and prepared in accordance with EU-IFRS, as adopted 
by the European Union (see Notes 1 to 56). In the event of a discrepancy, the Spanish-language version prevails

14.2
Debt securities
The breakdown of the balance under the heading “Debt securities” in the consolidated balance sheets, according to the issuer of the 
debt securities, is as follows:
Financial assets at amortized cost. Debt securities (Millions of Euros)
2024
2023
2022
Domestic debt securities
Government and other government agencies
35,664
25,857
18,397
Credit institutions
1,099
1,028
—
Other issuers
367
230
144
Subtotal 
37,130
27,114
18,541
Foreign debt securities
21,884
Mexico
4,139
6,277
4,222
Government and other government agencies
4,076
6,205
4,198
Credit institutions
63
72
24
Other issuers
—
—
—
The United States
2,505
2,229
2,215
Government and other government agencies
2,463
2,188
2,159
Credit institutions
20
19
25
Other issuers
22
21
31
Turkey
6,764
6,284
5,332
Government and other government agencies
6,622
6,167
5,325
Credit institutions
7
8
6
Other issuers
135
109
—
Other countries
8,476
7,558
6,328
Other foreign governments and other government 
agency
5,982
4,707
4,568
Central banks
6
22
21
Credit institutions
1,269
1,239
345
Other issuers
1,219
1,591
1,394
Subtotal 
21,884
22,348
18,097
Total
59,014
49,462
36,639
As of December 31, 2024, 2023 and 2022, the distribution according to the credit quality (ratings) of the issuers of debt securities 
classified as financial assets at amortized cost, was as follows:
Debt securities by rating
2024
2023
2022
Carrying 
amount
(Millions of 
Euros)
%
Carrying 
amount
(Millions of 
Euros)
%
Carrying 
amount
(Millions of 
Euros)
%
AAA
1,907
 3.2 %
1,829
 3.7 %
3,068
 8.4 %
AA+
3,418
 5.8 %
3,096
 6.3 %
217
 0.6 %
AA
69
 0.1 %
142
 0.3 %
82
 0.2 %
AA-
1,027
 1.7 %
60
 0.1 %
76
 0.2 %
A+
22
 — %
25
 0.1 %
13
 — %
A
497
 0.8 %
444
 0.9 %
524
 1.4 %
A-
34,652
 58.7 %
24,739
 50.0 %
17,050
 46.5 %
BBB+
4,518
 7.7 %
6,615
 13.4 %
4,710
 12.9 %
BBB
4,105
 7.0 %
4,551
 9.2 %
4,091
 11.2 %
BBB-
890
 1.5 %
548
 1.1 %
351
 1.0 %
BB+ or below
7,199
 12.2 %
6,642
 13.4 %
5,789
 15.8 %
Unclassified
711
 1.2 %
772
 1.6 %
667
 1.8 %
Total
59,014
 100.0 %
49,462
 100.0 %
36,639
 100.0 %
Consolidated Financial Statements Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
120
Translation of the Consolidated Financial Statements originally issued in Spanish and prepared in accordance with EU-IFRS, as adopted 
by the European Union (see Notes 1 to 56). In the event of a discrepancy, the Spanish-language version prevails

14.3
Loans and advances to customers
The breakdown of the balance under this heading in the consolidated balance sheets, according to their nature, is as follows:
Loans and advances to customers (Millions of Euros)
2024
2023
2022
On demand and short notice
5,307
3,040
4,101
Credit card debt
27,720
22,889
18,898
Trade receivables
31,693
25,096
25,987
Finance leases
10,125
9,463
8,571
Reverse repurchase agreement
262
92
102
Other term loans
331,451
312,186
294,059
Advances that are not loans
5,919
4,877
5,633
Total 
412,477
377,643
357,351
The following table sets forth a breakdown of the gross carrying amount "Loans and advances to customers" with maturity greater 
than one year by fixed and variable rate as of December 31, 2024, 2023 and 2022:
Loans and advances maturing in more than one year by fixed and variable rate (Millions of Euros)
2024
2023
2022
Domestic
Foreign
Total
Domestic
Foreign
Total
Domestic
Foreign
Total
Fixed rate
67,284
85,473
152,757
63,060
77,381
140,441
59,394
67,874
127,269
Variable rate
62,359
65,493
127,851
66,188
61,723
127,911
69,647
53,440
123,087
Total
129,642
150,966 280,608
129,248
139,104
268,352
129,042
121,314 250,356
As of December 31, 2024, 2023 and 2022, 54%, 52% and 51%, respectively, of "Loans and advances to customers" with maturity 
greater than one year have fixed-interest rates and 46%, 48% and 49%, respectively, have variable interest rates.
This heading also includes some loans that have been securitized. The balances recognized in the consolidated balance sheets 
corresponding to these securitized loans are as follows:
Securitized loans (Millions of Euros)
2024
2023
2022
Securitized mortgage assets
19,537
20,406
23,290
Other securitized assets
8,702
8,493
5,495
Total
28,239
28,899
28,784
The heading of Loans and advances to customers includes a deposit with the Bank of France associated with the contribution to the 
Single Resolution Fund for the years 2018, 2017 and 2016, which was made in the form of an irrevocable payment commitment, given 
that its amount is considered to be recoverable as of December 31, 2024. The resolution of the appeal filed with the Court of Justice of 
the European Union by a financial institution outside the Group against the decision of the Court of Justice of the European Union 
rejecting the return of amounts deposited is pending. This could lead to a claim by the Single Resolution Board. In any case, the BBVA 
Group balance of this deposit as of December 31, 2024 is not significant.
Consolidated Financial Statements Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
121
Translation of the Consolidated Financial Statements originally issued in Spanish and prepared in accordance with EU-IFRS, as adopted 
by the European Union (see Notes 1 to 56). In the event of a discrepancy, the Spanish-language version prevails

15.
Derivatives – Hedge accounting and fair value changes of the hedged items in 
portfolio hedges of interest rate risk
The breakdown of the balance of these headings in the consolidated balance sheets is as follows:
Derivatives – Hedge accounting and fair value changes of the hedged items in portfolio hedge of interest rate risk 
(Millions of Euros)
2024
2023
2022
ASSETS
Derivatives - Hedge accounting
1,158
1,482
1,891
Fair value changes of the hedged items in portfolio hedges of interest rate risk
(65)
(97)
(148)
LIABILITIES
Derivatives - Hedge accounting
2,503
2,625
3,303
Fair value changes of the hedged items in portfolio hedges of interest rate risk
—
—
—
As of December 31, 2024, 2023 and 2022, the main positions hedged by the Group and the derivatives designated to hedge those 
positions were:
–
Fair value hedging:
a.
Fixed-interest debt securities at fair value through other comprehensive income and at amortized cost: The interest 
rate risk of these debt securities is hedged using interest rate derivatives (fixed-variable swaps) and forward sales.
b.
Long-term fixed-interest debt securities issued by the Bank: The interest rate risk of these debt securities is hedged 
using interest rate derivatives (fixed-variable swaps).
c.
Fixed-interest loans: The equity price risk of these instruments is hedged using interest rate derivatives (fixed-variable 
swaps).
d.
Fixed-interest and/or embedded derivative deposit portfolio hedges: It covers the interest rate risk through fixed-
variable swaps. The valuation of the borrowed deposits corresponding to the interest rate risk is in the heading "Fair 
value changes of the hedged items in portfolio hedges of interest rate risk”.
–
Cash-flow hedges: Most of the hedged items are floating interest-rate loans and asset hedges linked to the inflation of the 
amortized cost portfolio and the financial assets at fair value through other comprehensive income portfolio. This risk is 
hedged using foreign-exchange, interest-rate swaps, inflation and FRA ("Forward Rate Agreement"). 
–
Net foreign-currency investment hedges: These hedged risks are foreign-currency investments in the Group’s foreign 
subsidiaries. This risk is hedged mainly with foreign-exchange options and forward currency sales and purchases (see Note 
30).
Note 7 analyzes the Group’s main risks that are hedged using these financial instruments.
Consolidated Financial Statements Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
122
Translation of the Consolidated Financial Statements originally issued in Spanish and prepared in accordance with EU-IFRS, as adopted 
by the European Union (see Notes 1 to 56). In the event of a discrepancy, the Spanish-language version prevails

The details of the net positions by hedged risk of the fair value of the hedging derivatives recognized in the consolidated balance 
sheets are as follows:
Derivatives - Hedge accounting. Breakdown by type of risk and type of hedge (Millions of Euros)
Notes
2024
2023
2022
Assets
Liabilities
Assets
Liabilities
Assets
Liabilities
Interest rate
257
344
422
364
656
376
OTC 
257
344
422
364
656
376
Organized market 
—
—
—
—
—
—
Equity
—
—
—
—
—
—
OTC 
—
—
—
—
—
—
Organized market
—
—
—
—
—
—
Foreign exchange and gold
73
93
221
31
259
83
OTC
73
93
221
31
259
83
Organized market
—
—
—
—
—
—
Credit
—
—
—
—
—
—
Commodities
—
—
—
—
—
—
Other
—
—
—
—
—
—
FAIR VALUE HEDGES
330
437
644
395
915
459
Interest rate
618
1,513
490
2,048
470
2,763
OTC 
615
1,513
483
2,048
454
2,763
Organized market
3
—
7
—
16
Equity
—
—
—
—
—
—
Foreign exchange and gold
142
431
291
41
239
46
OTC 
142
431
291
41
239
45
Organized market
—
—
—
1
—
1
Credit
—
—
—
—
—
—
Commodities
—
—
—
—
—
—
Other
—
—
—
—
—
—
CASH FLOW HEDGES
760
1,944
781
2,089
708
2,809
HEDGE OF NET INVESTMENTS IN A 
FOREIGN OPERATION
66
122
27
136
213
26
PORTFOLIO FAIR VALUE HEDGES OF 
INTEREST RATE RISK
2
—
3
5
7
8
PORTFOLIO CASH FLOW HEDGES OF 
INTEREST RATE RISK
—
—
27
—
48
1
DERIVATIVES-HEDGE ACCOUNTING
8.1
1,158
2,503
1,482
2,625
1,891
3,303
of which: 
OTC - credit institutions
932
2,005
1,237
2,404
1,577
2,911
of which: 
OTC - other financial corporations
223
499
237
221
297
391
Consolidated Financial Statements Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
123
Translation of the Consolidated Financial Statements originally issued in Spanish and prepared in accordance with EU-IFRS, as adopted 
by the European Union (see Notes 1 to 56). In the event of a discrepancy, the Spanish-language version prevails

Below there is a breakdown of the items covered by fair value hedges:
Hedged items in fair value hedges (Millions of Euros)
Carrying amount
Hedge 
adjustments 
included in the 
carrying amount 
of assets/
liabilities ⁽¹⁾
Remaining 
adjustments for 
discontinued 
micro hedges 
including hedges 
of net positions ⁽¹⁾
Hedged items in 
portfolio hedge 
of interest rate 
risk
Recognized 
ineffectiveness in 
profit or loss
2024
2023
2024
2023
2024
2023
2024
2023
2024
2023
ASSETS
Financial assets measured 
at fair value through other 
comprehensive income
10,449
11,308
(409)
(652)
155
172
—
—
16
(5)
Debt securities
10,449
11,308
(409)
(652)
155
172
—
—
Interest rate
10,446
11,308
(409)
(652)
155
172
—
—
Foreign exchange and gold
2
—
—
—
—
—
—
—
Other
—
—
—
—
—
—
—
—
Loans and advances
—
—
—
—
—
—
—
—
Interest rate
—
—
—
—
—
—
—
—
Foreign exchange and gold
—
—
—
—
—
—
—
—
Other
—
—
—
—
—
—
—
—
Financial assets measured 
at amortized cost
3,003
3,248
(16)
(114)
519
685
753
936
(2)
14
Debt securities
2,232
2,304
(48)
(119)
519
685
—
—
Interest rate
2,232
2,304
(48)
(119)
519
685
—
—
Foreign exchange and gold
—
—
—
—
—
—
—
—
Loans and advances
771
944
32
5
—
—
753
936
Interest rate
757
944
32
5
—
—
753
936
Foreign exchange and gold
14
—
—
—
—
—
—
—
LIABILITIES
Financial liabilities 
measured at amortized 
costs
45,613
47,180
96
509
1
—
—
—
(5)
(20)
Debt securities issued
42,521
37,916
172
600
1
—
—
—
Interest rate
42,521
37,915
172
600
1
—
—
—
Foreign exchange and gold
—
1
—
—
—
—
—
—
Deposits
3,092
9,263
(75)
(91)
—
—
—
—
Interest rate
3,092
9,258
(75)
(91)
—
—
—
—
Foreign exchange and gold
—
5
—
—
—
—
—
—
(1) The balance of discontinued hedges is not significant. 
 
Consolidated Financial Statements Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
124
Translation of the Consolidated Financial Statements originally issued in Spanish and prepared in accordance with EU-IFRS, as adopted 
by the European Union (see Notes 1 to 56). In the event of a discrepancy, the Spanish-language version prevails

The following is the breakdown, by their notional maturities, of the hedging instruments as of December 31, 2024:
Calendar of the notional maturities of the hedging instruments (Millions of Euros)
Up to 3 
months
From 3 
months to 
1 year
From 1 to 5 
years
More than 
5 years
Total
FAIR VALUE HEDGES
5,183
10,799
23,509
20,530
60,021
Of which: Interest rate
5,160
10,650
22,903
20,023
58,735
CASH FLOW HEDGES
4,280
16,775
13,346
5,286
39,687
Of which: Interest rate
4,280
16,577
11,689
2,801
35,348
HEDGE OF NET INVESTMENTS IN A FOREIGN 
OPERATION
12,222
861
—
150
13,234
PORTFOLIO FAIR VALUE HEDGES OF INTEREST RATE 
RISK
893
179
1,364
406
2,841
PORTFOLIO CASH FLOW HEDGES OF INTEREST RATE 
RISK
—
—
—
47
47
DERIVATIVES-HEDGE ACCOUNTING
22,579
28,614
38,218
26,419
115,830
In 2024, 2023 and 2022, there was no reclassification in the consolidated income statements of any amount that was previously 
recognized in equity (see Note 41). The amount of the derivatives designated as accounting hedges that did not pass the effectiveness 
test in the years ended December 31, 2024, 2023 and 2022 was not material.
16.
Investments in joint ventures and associates 
16.1
Joint ventures and associates
The breakdown of the balance of “Joint ventures and associates” in the consolidated balance sheets is as follows: 
Joint ventures and associates. Breakdown by entities (Millions of Euros)
2024
2023
2022
Joint ventures
Altura Markets, S.V., S.A.
38
31
42
RCI Colombia
37
40
36
Other
19
22
22
Subtotal
94
93
100
Associates
Metrovacesa, S.A.
300
259
259
BBVA Allianz Seguros y Reaseguros, S.A.
265
251
248
Atom Holdco Limited
222
211
132
Redsys Servicios de Procesamiento, S.L.
20
22
20
Servicios Electrónicos Globales S.A. de C.V.
43
36
23
Other
45
105
134
Subtotal
895
883
816
Total
989
976
916
Details of the joint ventures and associates as of December 31, 2024 are shown in Appendix II. 
Consolidated Financial Statements Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
125
Translation of the Consolidated Financial Statements originally issued in Spanish and prepared in accordance with EU-IFRS, as adopted 
by the European Union (see Notes 1 to 56). In the event of a discrepancy, the Spanish-language version prevails

The following is a summary of the changes in the years ended December 31, 2024, 2023 and 2022 under this heading in the 
consolidated balance sheets:
Joint ventures and associates. Changes in the year (Millions of Euros)
Notes
2024
2023
2022
Balance at the beginning
976
916
900
Acquisitions and capital increases
4
95
87
Disposals and capital reductions
(28)
(42)
(88)
Transfers and changes of consolidation method
(69)
4
—
Share of profit and loss
39
40
26
21
Exchange differences
7
16
(1)
Impairment / reversal of impairment ⁽¹⁾
63
(9)
42
Dividends, valuation adjustments and other
(5)
(30)
(44)
Balance at the end 
989
976
916
(1) See Note 16.3.
During the year 2024, the most significant changes under the heading "Joint ventures and associates" correspond to Solaris and 
Compañía Española de Financiación del Desarrollo S.A. (Cofides) that left the scope of the consolidation perimeter in the first half of 
the year when the Group ceased to have significant influence in either entity.
During the years 2023 and 2022, the most significant changes under the heading "Joint ventures and associates" correspond to 
capital increases in Atom Holdco Limited. During the year 2022, Atom Holdco Limited, the owner of 100% of the shares of Atom Bank 
PLC, was created. BBVA became a shareholder of Atom Holdco Limited under the same terms and conditions as those previously 
applicable under the agreement with Atom Bank PLC.
Appendix III provides notifications on acquisitions and disposals of holdings in subsidiaries, joint ventures and associates, in 
compliance with article 155 of the Corporations Act and article 125 of the Securities Market Act 4/2015.
16.2
Other information about associates and joint ventures
If these entities had been consolidated rather than accounted for using the equity method, the change in each of the lines of balance 
sheet and the consolidated income statement would not be significant.
As of December 31, 2024, 2023 and 2022 there was no financial support agreement or other contractual commitment to associates 
and joint ventures entities from the holding or the subsidiaries that are not recognized in the financial statements (see Note 53.2). 
As of December 31, 2024, 2023 and 2022 there was no contingent liability in connection with the investments in joint ventures and 
associates (see Note 53.2). 
16.3
Impairment
As required by IAS 36, the book value of the associates and joint venture entities has been compared with their recoverable amount, 
with the latter being calculated as the higher between the value in use and the fair value minus the cost of sale. For the year ended 
December 31, 2024, a net reversal of impairment was recorded for €63 million; for the year ended December 31, 2023, a net 
impairment was recorded for €9 million; while for the year ended December 31, 2022, a net reversal of impairment was recorded for 
€42 million (see Note 48).
Consolidated Financial Statements Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
126
Translation of the Consolidated Financial Statements originally issued in Spanish and prepared in accordance with EU-IFRS, as adopted 
by the European Union (see Notes 1 to 56). In the event of a discrepancy, the Spanish-language version prevails

17.
Tangible assets
The breakdown of, and changes in, the balances under this heading in the consolidated balance sheets, according to the nature of the 
related items, is as follows:
Tangible assets. Breakdown by type of assets and changes in the year 2024 (Millions of Euros)
Land and 
buildings
Work in 
progress
Furniture, 
fixtures and 
vehicles
Right to use asset
Investment 
Properties
Assets 
leased out 
under an 
operating 
lease
Total
Notes
Own use
Investment 
Properties
Cost 
Balance at the beginning
6,405
199
6,424
2,212
238
156
800
16,432
Additions
295
110
513
574
2
52
369
1,914
Retirements
(38)
(1)
(89)
(332)
(32)
(10)
(63)
(566)
Acquisition of subsidiaries in the year
—
—
—
—
—
—
—
—
Disposal of entities in the year
—
—
—
—
—
—
—
—
Transfers
5
(136)
145
(44)
44
(20)
—
(5)
Exchange difference and other 
(192)
(17)
(145)
29
—
63
53
(208)
Balance at the end
6,475
155
6,848
2,439
251
241
1,158
17,567
Accrued depreciation 
Balance at the beginning
1,226
—
4,606
906
93
17
49
6,896
Additions
45
123
—
501
324
19
5
—
972
Additions transfer to discontinued 
operations
—
—
—
—
—
—
—
—
Retirements
(25)
—
(87)
(42)
—
(1)
(6)
(161)
Acquisition of subsidiaries in the year 
—
—
—
—
—
—
—
—
Disposal of entities in the year
—
—
—
—
—
—
—
—
Transfers
(4)
—
10
22
(22)
(1)
—
5
Exchange difference and other
(56)
—
(181)
(46)
—
8
111
(165)
Balance at the end
1,262
—
4,850
1,164
91
27
153
7,547
Impairment 
Balance at the beginning
166
—
—
40
61
15
—
283
Additions
49
(65)
—
2
(18)
20
31
1
(29)
Additions transfer to discontinued 
operations
—
—
—
—
—
—
—
—
Retirements
—
—
—
—
—
—
—
—
Acquisition of subsidiaries in the year
—
—
—
—
—
—
—
—
Disposal of entities in the year
—
—
—
—
—
—
—
—
Transfers
—
—
—
—
—
(5)
—
(5)
Exchange difference and other
16
—
(2)
—
—
(2)
(1)
13
Balance at the end
118
—
—
22
81
39
—
260
Net tangible assets
Balance at the beginning 
5,013
199
1,817
1,266
84
124
751
9,253
Balance at the end
5,094
155
1,999
1,253
79
174
1,004
9,759
Consolidated Financial Statements Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
127
Translation of the Consolidated Financial Statements originally issued in Spanish and prepared in accordance with EU-IFRS, as adopted 
by the European Union (see Notes 1 to 56). In the event of a discrepancy, the Spanish-language version prevails

Tangible assets. Breakdown by type of assets and changes in the year 2023 (Millions of Euros)
Right to use asset
Investment 
properties
Assets 
leased out 
under an 
operating 
lease
Total
Notes
Land and 
buildings
Work in 
progress
Furniture, 
fixtures and 
vehicles
Own use
Investment 
properties
Cost 
Balance at the beginning
6,255
93
5,833
1,871
214
242
582
15,089
Additions
270
190
549
499
10
39
238
1,795
Retirements
(19)
(4)
(117)
(195)
—
(10)
(4)
(349)
Acquisition of subsidiaries in the year 
—
—
—
—
—
—
—
—
Disposal of entities in the year
—
—
—
—
—
—
—
—
Transfers
12
(72)
41
(18)
15
—
—
(22)
Exchange difference and other
(113)
(8)
118
55
—
(115)
(16)
(79)
Balance at the end
6,405
199
6,424
2,212
238
156
800
16,432
Accrued depreciation 
Balance at the beginning
1,064
—
4,204
653
70
23
52
6,066
Additions
45
121
—
426
296
21
3
—
867
Additions transfer to discontinued 
operations
—
—
—
—
—
—
—
—
Retirements
(9)
—
(73)
(26)
—
(1)
(1)
(111)
Acquisition of subsidiaries in the year 
—
—
—
—
—
—
—
—
Disposal of entities in the year
—
—
—
—
—
—
—
—
Transfers
(2)
—
(7)
(5)
3
1
—
(11)
Exchange difference and other
52
—
57
(12)
—
(9)
(3)
85
Balance at the end
1,226
—
4,606
906
93
17
49
6,896
Impairment 
Balance at the beginning
154
—
—
65
50
17
—
286
Additions
49
15
—
1
(14)
12
2
—
16
Additions transfer to discontinued 
operations
—
—
—
—
—
—
—
—
Retirements
—
—
—
—
—
—
—
—
Acquisition of subsidiaries in the year
—
—
—
—
—
—
—
—
Disposal of entities in the year
—
—
—
—
—
—
—
—
Transfers
—
—
—
—
—
—
—
—
Exchange difference and other
(3)
—
(1)
(11)
—
(3)
—
(18)
Balance at the end
166
—
—
40
61
15
—
283
Net tangible assets
Balance at the beginning 
5,036
93
1,629
1,153
94
201
530
8,737
Balance at the end
5,013
199
1,817
1,266
84
124
751
9,253
Consolidated Financial Statements Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
128
Translation of the Consolidated Financial Statements originally issued in Spanish and prepared in accordance with EU-IFRS, as adopted 
by the European Union (see Notes 1 to 56). In the event of a discrepancy, the Spanish-language version prevails

Tangible assets. Breakdown by type of assets and changes in the year 2022 (Millions of euros)
Right to use asset 
Investment 
properties
Assets 
leased out 
under an 
operating 
lease
Total
Notes
Land and 
buildings
Work in 
progress
Furniture, 
fixtures and 
vehicles
Own use
Investment 
properties
Cost 
Balance at the beginning
4,350
67
5,388
3,154
162
147
267
13,535
Additions
366
71
475
578
19
95
122
1,726
Retirements
(4)
—
(140)
(1,620)
(1)
(19)
—
(1,784)
Acquisition of subsidiaries in the year ⁽¹⁾
1,392
—
—
—
—
—
—
1,392
Disposal of entities in the year
—
—
—
—
—
—
—
—
Transfers
(21)
(54)
(40)
(274)
33
(4)
—
(360)
Exchange difference and other ⁽²⁾
171
9
150
32
—
23
193
580
Balance at the end
6,255
93
5,833
1,871
214
242
582
15,089
Accrued depreciation 
Balance at the beginning
900
—
3,833
811
47
17
33
5,641
Additions
45
108
—
393
295
18
5
—
818
Additions transfer to discontinued 
operations
—
—
—
—
—
—
—
—
Retirements
(2)
—
(132)
(244)
—
(13)
—
(392)
Acquisition of subsidiaries in the year 
—
—
—
—
—
—
—
—
Disposal of entities in the year
—
—
—
—
—
—
—
—
Transfers
11
—
52
(220)
6
13
—
(139)
Exchange difference and other
47
—
59
11
—
2
19
138
Balance at the end
1,064
—
4,204
653
70
23
52
6,066
Impairment 
Balance at the beginning
114
—
—
427
34
21
—
596
Additions
49
(29)
—
4
(45)
16
2
—
(53)
Additions transfer to discontinued 
operations
—
—
—
—
—
—
—
—
Retirements
—
—
—
—
—
—
—
—
Acquisition of subsidiaries in the year
—
—
—
—
—
—
—
—
Disposal of entities in the year
—
—
—
—
—
—
—
—
Transfers
(1)
—
—
(7)
—
21
—
13
Exchange difference and other
70
—
(4)
(309)
—
(26)
—
(270)
Balance at the end
154
—
—
65
50
17
—
286
Net tangible assets
Balance at the beginning 
3,336
67
1,555
1,916
81
109
234
7,298
Balance at the end
5,036
93
1,629
1,153
94
201
530
8,737
(1) The amount in 2022 was affected by the closing of the transaction with Merlin Properties in which 100% of the shares of Tree Inversiones Inmobiliarias, SOCIMI, S.A. were 
acquired by BBVA Group.
(2) The variation in 2022 corresponds mainly to the effect of the IAS 29 "Financial Reporting in Hyperinflationary Economies" implementation in Turkey (see Note 2.2.18).
The right to use asset consists mainly of the rental of commercial real estate premises for central services and the network branches 
located in the countries where the Group operates whose average term is between 5 and 20 years. The clauses included in rental 
contracts correspond to a large extent to rental contracts under normal market conditions in the country where the property is 
rented.
As of December 31, 2024, 2023 and 2022, the cost of fully amortized tangible assets that remained in use were €3,186, €2,796 and 
€2,443 million respectively while its recoverable residual value was not significant.
Consolidated Financial Statements Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
129
Translation of the Consolidated Financial Statements originally issued in Spanish and prepared in accordance with EU-IFRS, as adopted 
by the European Union (see Notes 1 to 56). In the event of a discrepancy, the Spanish-language version prevails

As of December 31, 2024, 2023 and 2022 the amount of tangible assets under financial lease schemes in respect of which the 
purchase option was expected to be exercised was not material. The main activity of the Group is carried out through a network of 
bank branches located geographically as shown in the following table:
Branches by geographical area (number of branches)
2024
2023
2022
Spain
1,881
1,882
1,886
Mexico
1,691
1,706
1,733
South America
1,221
1,395
1,418
Turkey
925
935
972
Rest
31
31
31
Total
5,749
5,949
6,040
The following table shows the detail of the net carrying amount of the tangible assets corresponding to Spanish and foreign 
subsidiaries as of December 31, 2024, 2023 and 2022:
Tangible assets by Spanish and foreign subsidiaries. Net assets values (Millions of euros)
2024
2023
2022
BBVA and Spanish subsidiaries
4,129
4,183
4,285
Foreign subsidiaries
5,630
5,071
4,452
Total
9,759
9,253
8,737
Purchase of Tree Inversiones Inmobiliarias SOCIMI, S.A. (Tree) from Merlin Properties SOCIMI, S.A. 
On June 15, 2022, BBVA acquired from Merlin Properties SOCIMI, S.A. the shares representing the entire share capital of Tree 
Inversiones Inmobiliarias SOCIMI, S.A. (hereinafter “Tree”) for an amount of €1,988 million. This company has 662 properties leased 
to BBVA that were part of the set of properties that BBVA sold between 2009 and 2010 under a sale and leaseback agreement. Prior 
to that date, these properties were recognized as "Rights of use" in the consolidated balance sheet of the BBVA Group under the 
headings "Tangible assets - Property, plant and equipment" and "Tangible assets - Investment property", while the payment 
obligation was reflected under the heading "Financial liabilities at amortized cost – Other financial liabilities", in accordance with IFRS 
16 Leases.
The Tree purchase transaction has been considered an asset purchase given that the Group has determined that it is not acquiring a 
set of activities that present elements that could constitute a business. After the closing of this transaction, the BBVA Group has once 
again become owner of the properties and recorded them at their acquisition price in the Group's consolidated financial statements 
as of June 30, 2022. The assets acquired that are not used for the Bank's activity are recorded under the heading "Non-current assets 
and disposal groups classified as held for sale and liabilities included in disposal groups classified as held for sale" (see Note 21). 
The impact of the transaction amounted to €-201 million (losses net of taxes) which was recognized under the headings "Gains 
(losses) from non-current assets and disposal groups classified as held for sale not qualifying as discontinued operations” for an 
amount of €-134 million and “Tax expense or income related to profit or loss from continuing operations” for an amount of €-67 
million in the consolidated income statement of the BBVA Group.
Consolidated Financial Statements Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
130
Translation of the Consolidated Financial Statements originally issued in Spanish and prepared in accordance with EU-IFRS, as adopted 
by the European Union (see Notes 1 to 56). In the event of a discrepancy, the Spanish-language version prevails

18.
Intangible assets
18.1
Goodwill
The breakdown of the balance under this heading in the consolidated balance sheets, according to the CGU to which goodwill has 
been allocated, is as follows: 
Goodwill. Breakdown by CGU and changes of the year (Millions of Euros)
Mexico
Turkey (1)
Colombia
Chile
Other
Total
Balance as of December 31, 2021
504
152
134
24
4
818
Additions 
—
—
—
—
—
—
Exchange difference
55
—
(16)
1
1
41
Impairment
—
—
—
—
—
—
Companies held for sale
—
—
—
—
—
—
Other
—
(152)
—
—
—
(152)
Balance as of December 31, 2022
559
—
118
25
5
707
Additions 
—
—
—
—
—
—
Exchange difference
64
—
25
(1)
—
88
Impairment
—
—
—
—
—
—
Companies held for sale
—
—
—
—
—
—
Balance as of December 31, 2023
623
—
143
24
5
795
Additions 
—
—
—
—
—
—
Exchange difference
(82)
—
(11)
(1)
(1)
(95)
Impairment
—
—
—
—
—
—
Companies held for sale
—
—
—
—
—
—
Balance as of December 31, 2024
541
—
132
23
4
700
(1) As a result of the application of IAS 29, as indicated in Note 2.2.18, the book value of the Turkish CGU exceeded the existing recoverable value, so on January 1, 2022 the 
goodwill as well as other intangible assets assigned to the Turkish CGU were derecognized.
Goodwill in business combinations
There were no significant business combinations during 2024, 2023 and 2022.
Impairment Test
As mentioned in Note 2.2.7, the CGU to which goodwill has been allocated, are periodically tested for impairment by including the 
allocated goodwill in their carrying amount. 
This analysis is performed at least annually and whenever there is any indication of impairment. Furthermore, it is analyzed whether 
certain changes in the valuation assumptions used could give rise to differences in the result of the impairment test.
The BBVA Group performs estimations on the recoverable amount of certain CGU by calculating the value in use through the 
discounted value of future cash flows method.
The main hypotheses used for the value in use calculation are the following:
–
The forecast cash flows, including net interest margin and cost of risk, estimated by the Group's management, and based 
on the latest available budgets for the next 5 years, considering the macroeconomic variables of each CGU, regarding the 
existing balance structure as well as macroeconomic variables such as the evolution of interest rates and the GDP of the 
geographical area where the CGU is located, among others. 
–
The constant growth rate for extrapolating cash flows, starting in the fifth year, beyond the period covered by the budgets or 
forecasts.
–
The discount rate on future cash flows, which coincides with the cost of capital assigned to each CGU, and which consists of 
a risk-free rate plus a premium that reflects the inherent risk of each of the businesses evaluated.
The focus used by the Group's management to determine the values of the assumptions is based both on its projections and past 
experience. These values are verified and use external sources of information, wherever possible. 
Consolidated Financial Statements Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
131
Translation of the Consolidated Financial Statements originally issued in Spanish and prepared in accordance with EU-IFRS, as adopted 
by the European Union (see Notes 1 to 56). In the event of a discrepancy, the Spanish-language version prevails

Goodwill - Mexico CGU
The Group’s most significant goodwill corresponds to the CGU in Mexico, the main significant assumptions used in the impairment 
test of this CGU as of December 31, 2024, 2023 and 2022 are as follows:
Impairment test assumptions CGU goodwill in Mexico 
2024
2023
2022
Discount rate (1)
 18.3 %
 12.4 %
 12.7 %
Growth rate
 5.5 %
 5.6 %
 6.3 %
(1) After tax discount rates.
In accordance with paragraph 33.c of IAS 36, as of December 31, 2024, the Group used a growth rate of 5.5% based on the real GDP 
growth rate of Mexico, the expected inflation rate and the potential growth of the banking sector in Mexico. 
The assumptions with a greater relative weight and whose volatility could have a greater impact in determining the present value of 
the cash flows starting on the fifth year are the discount rate and the growth rate. The table below shows, in a simplified way, the 
relative variation by which the CGU recoverable amount would increase (or decrease) as a result of a reasonable variation (in basis 
points) of each of the key assumptions, considered in isolation as of December 31, 2024, where, in each case, their value in use would 
continue to exceed their book value:
Sensitivity analysis for main assumptions - Mexico
Increase of 50 
basis points (1)
Decrease of 50 
basis points (1)
Discount rate
 (3) %
 3 %
Growth rate
 2 %
 (2) %
(1) The use of very different discount or growth rates would be inconsistent with the macroeconomic assumptions under which the Unit builds its business plan, such as inflation 
assumptions or interest rate curves used to determine cash flows.
Goodwill - Turkey CGU
As a result of the application of IAS 29 "Financial Reporting in Hyperinflationary Economies" in 2022, as indicated in Note 2.2.18, the 
book value of the Turkish CGU exceeded the existing recoverable value as of December 31, 2021 and as a consequence the goodwill 
as well as other intangible assets assigned to the Turkish CGU were derecognized in their entirety.
Goodwill - Other CGUs
The impairment tests carried out on the rest of the CGUs have not detected significant impairment. Likewise, the sensitivity analysis 
on the main assumptions carried out for the rest of the CGU of the Group indicate that their value in use would continue to exceed 
their book value.
18.2
Other intangible assets 
The breakdown of the balance and changes of this heading in the consolidated balance sheets, according to the nature of the related 
items, is as follows:
Other intangible assets (Millions of Euros)
2024
2023
2022
Computer software acquisition expense
1,764
1,535
1,393
Other intangible assets with an infinite useful life
9
8
13
Other intangible assets with a definite useful life
17
25
43
Total
1,790
1,568
1,449
Consolidated Financial Statements Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
132
Translation of the Consolidated Financial Statements originally issued in Spanish and prepared in accordance with EU-IFRS, as adopted 
by the European Union (see Notes 1 to 56). In the event of a discrepancy, the Spanish-language version prevails

The changes of this heading during the years ended December 31, 2024, 2023 and 2022, are as follows:
Other intangible assets (Millions of Euros)
Notes
Computer software
Other intangible 
assets
Total of intangible assets
2024
2023
2022
2024
2023
2022
2024
2023
2022
Balance at the beginning
1,535
1,396
1,239
33
56
140
1,568
1,453
1,379
Additions
771
688
592
11
1
—
782
689
592
Amortization in the year
45
(543)
(518)
(490)
(18)
(19)
(20)
(561)
(536)
(510)
Amortization transfer to discontinued 
operations 
—
—
—
—
—
—
—
—
—
Exchange differences and other 
16
(6)
80
(1)
(5)
(63)
16
(11)
17
Impairment
(15)
(26)
(25)
—
—
—
(15)
(26)
(25)
Balance at the end
1,764
1,535
1,396
26
33
56
1,790
1,568
1,453
As of December 31, 2024, 2023 and 2022, the cost of fully amortized intangible assets that remained in use were €4,214 million, 
€4,214 million and €3,490 million respectively, while their recoverable value was not significant.
19.
Tax assets and liabilities
19.1
Consolidated tax group
Pursuant to current legislation, BBVA consolidated tax group in Spain includes the Bank (as the parent company) and its Spanish 
subsidiaries that meet the requirements provided for under Spanish legislation regulating the taxation regime for the consolidated 
profit of corporate groups.
The Group’s non-Spanish banks and subsidiaries file tax returns in accordance with the tax legislation in force in each country.
19.2
Years open for review by the tax authorities
As of December 31, 2024, the BBVA consolidated tax group in Spain was undergoing inspection in connection with the years 2017 to 
2020, with respect to the main taxes applicable to it.
The remainder of the Spanish consolidated entities in general have the last four years open for inspection by the tax authorities for the 
main taxes applicable, except for those in which there has been an interruption of the limitation period due to the start of an 
inspection.
Notwithstanding the above, the application of the temporary tax on credit institutions by BBVA, S.A. for the year 2023 is being 
reviewed  by the Tax Administration.
With respect to the other main jurisdictions in which the Group is present and carries out its activity, in Mexico, during fiscal year 2024 
the review procedure corresponding to fiscal year 2018 for the income tax of BBVA México, S.A. has continued.
With regard to the coverage, if applicable, of tax risks identified in the consolidated financial statements, it may involve either the 
recording of a provision or a lower deferred tax asset or tax credit  to the extent that the risk being hedged had previously given rise to 
the registration of a deferred tax asset or tax credit.
In this regard, in the terms indicated in the previous paragraph, the Group has established provisions that, without prejudice to the 
uncertainty associated with any ongoing processes, it considers appropriate taking into account the identified risks (in accordance 
with the relevant evaluation and estimation possibilities of such risks) and that, in no case, are considered individually significant.
Without prejudice to the foregoing, due to the possible different interpretations that may be given to certain tax regulations, the 
results of the inspections that, where appropriate, are carried out by the tax authorities are likely to reveal other contingent tax 
liabilities, the amount of which It is not possible to quantify objectively at the present time. However, the Group estimates that the 
possibility of these contingent liabilities materializing is remote and, in any case, the tax debt that could arise from them would not 
significantly affect the accompanying consolidated financial statements of the Group.
Consolidated Financial Statements Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
133
Translation of the Consolidated Financial Statements originally issued in Spanish and prepared in accordance with EU-IFRS, as adopted 
by the European Union (see Notes 1 to 56). In the event of a discrepancy, the Spanish-language version prevails

19.3
Reconciliation of the tax expense
The reconciliation of the Group’s corporate income tax expense resulting from the application of the Spanish corporation income tax 
rate and the income tax expense recognized in the consolidated income statements is as follows:
Reconciliation of taxation at the Spanish corporation tax rate to the tax expense recorded for the year (Millions of Euros)
2024
2023
2022
Amount
Effective 
tax %
Amount
Effective 
tax %
Amount
Effective 
tax %
Profit or (-) loss before tax
15,405
12,419
10,268
From continuing operations
15,405
12,419
10,268
From discontinued operations
—
—
—
Taxation at Spanish corporation tax rate 30%
4,622
3,726
3,080
Lower/higher effective tax rate from foreign entities ⁽¹⁾
193
2
317
Mexico 
(180)
 28 % 
(194)
 27 % 
(203)
 26 % 
Chile 
(2)
 23 % 
(4)
 11 % 
(8)
 13 % 
Colombia 
(1)
 29 % 
(25)
 14 % 
24
 37 % 
Peru 
(44)
 23 % 
(55)
 20 % 
(16)
 27 % 
Turkey
498
 62 % 
314
 57 % 
621
 70 % 
USA
(14)
 26 % 
5
 33 % 
17
 17 % 
Others
(64)
(39)
(118)
Revenues with lower tax rate (dividends/capital gains)
(44)
(26)
(25)
Equity accounted earnings
(14)
(8)
(6)
Other effects ⁽²⁾
73
309
139
Income tax
4,830
4,003
3,505
Of which: Continuing operations
4,830
4,003
3,505
Of which: Discontinued operations
—
—
—
(1) Calculated by applying the difference between the tax rate in force in Spain and the one applied to the Group’s earnings in each jurisdiction.
(2) Regarding 2024, it shows the net impact of several tax effects that include, among others, (i) the accounting record of the impact associated with the declaration of 
unconstitutionality of certain measures relating to the Spanish Corporate Income Tax introduced by Royal Decree-Law 3/2016, as well as the impact of some of the measures 
introduced by Law 7/2024 on Corporate Income Tax that, in particular, are aimed at reinstating the measures declared unconstitutional, (ii) the non-deductibility of the temporary 
taxation of credit institutions recorded for accounting purposes in the year 2024 (see Note 19.6), and (iii) the effects of the limitation of the exemption on intra-group dividends 
and the withholding taxes associated with them.
The effective income tax rate for the Group in the years ended December 31, 2024, 2023 and 2022 is as follows:
Effective tax rate (Millions of Euros)
2024
2023
2022
Income from:
Consolidated tax group in Spain
4,810
2,601
2,206
Other Spanish entities
(41)
6
(462)
Foreign entities
10,636
9,812
8,524
Gains (losses) before taxes from continuing operations
15,405
12,419
10,268
Tax expense or income related to profit or loss from continuing 
operations ⁽¹⁾
4,830
4,003
3,505
Effective tax rate
 31.4 %
 32.2 %
 34.1 %
(1) In 2024, €3,970 million and €860 million corresponded to current tax expenses and deferred tax expenses, respectively.
In 2024, in general terms, there have been no changes in the nominal Corporate Income Tax rate in the main countries in which the 
Group is present compared to those existing in the previous period. In 2023, the changes in the nominal tax rate in Corporate Income 
Tax, with respect to those existing in the previous year in the main countries in which the Group is present, were Turkey (from 25% to 
30%) and Colombia (from 38% to 40%).
19.4
Income tax recognized in equity
Regardless of the income tax expense recognized in the consolidated income statements, the Group has recognized income tax 
charges in the consolidated total equity in 2024, 2023 and 2022 for €543 million, €285 million and €745 million, respectively, mainly 
due to debt securities, actuarial gains and losses and cash flow hedges. 
Consolidated Financial Statements Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
134
Translation of the Consolidated Financial Statements originally issued in Spanish and prepared in accordance with EU-IFRS, as adopted 
by the European Union (see Notes 1 to 56). In the event of a discrepancy, the Spanish-language version prevails

19.5
Tax assets and liabilities
The balance under the heading "Tax assets" in the consolidated balance sheets includes the balances receivable from the tax 
authorities relating to current and deferred tax assets. The balance under the “Tax liabilities” heading includes the balances payable in 
respect of the Group’s various current and deferred tax liabilities. The details of the mentioned tax assets and liabilities are as follows:
Tax assets and liabilities (Millions of Euros)
2024
2023
2022
Tax assets
Current tax assets ⁽¹⁾
4,295
2,860
1,978
Deferred tax assets 
14,354
14,641
14,747
Pensions
534
445
422
Financial Instruments
1,335
1,069
1,478
Loss allowances 
2,158
2,127
1,834
Other
1,495
1,467
1,261
Secured tax assets
7,979
8,534
8,689
Tax losses
853
999
1,063
Total
18,650
17,501
16,725
Tax liabilities
Current tax liabilities ⁽¹⁾
575
878
1,415
Deferred tax liabilities 
2,458
1,677
1,520
Financial Instruments
915
761
557
Other
1,543
916
963
Total
3,033
2,554
2,935
(1) In 2024, the increase in current tax assets corresponds mainly to a higher tax receivable of the tax group in Spain, as well as in Mexico and Colombia, in relation to the 
Corporate Income Tax for the year 2024 related to the installment payments made in the year. On the other hand, the decrease in current tax liabilities corresponds mainly to the 
decrease in the tax payable in Mexico and Argentina in relation to the estimated income tax for the year 2023.
The most significant variations of the deferred tax assets and liabilities in the years 2024, 2023 and 2022 were derived from the 
following items:
Deferred tax assets and liabilities. Annual variations (Millions of Euros)
2024
2023
2022
Deferred 
assets
Deferred 
liabilities
Deferred 
assets
Deferred 
liabilities
Deferred 
assets
Deferred 
liabilities
Balance at the beginning
14,641
1,677
14,747
1,520
14,917
1,769
Pensions
89
—
23
—
6
—
Financials instruments
266
154
(409)
204
70
(567)
Loss allowances
31
—
293
—
158
—
Others
28
627
206
(47)
160
318
Secured tax assets
(555)
—
(155)
—
(615)
—
Tax losses
(146)
—
(64)
—
51
—
Balance at the end
14,354
2,458
14,641
1,677
14,747
1,520
The changes in deferred tax assets and liabilities in 2024 were mainly attributable to:
–
Secured tax assets decreased as a result of the offsetting of these assets provided for in the estimate of the Spanish tax 
group's income tax for 2024, as well as due to the effects associated with the declaration of unconstitutionality of certain 
measures relating to Corporate Income Tax introduced by Royal Decree Law 3/2016 in Spain.
–
There was a decrease in tax assets due to tax losses because, in 2024, the tax Group in Spain generated positive taxable 
income that allowed the offsetting of tax losses and deductions; its balance was also affected, among others, by the effects 
associated with the declaration of unconstitutionality referred to above.
–
Changes in the amount of deferred tax assets (other than those guaranteed and those linked to tax losses) net of deferred 
tax liabilities were mainly due to the effect of exchange rates, especially in the case of Mexico and Turkey, the effects 
associated with the valuation of financial instruments and the functioning of the Corporate Income Tax in which, due to the 
differences between accounting and taxation criteria, there are constant movements in deferred taxes.
Of the deferred tax assets and liabilities shown above, those included in Note 19.4 above have been recognized against the entity's 
equity, and the rest against earnings for the year or reserves.
Consolidated Financial Statements Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
135
Translation of the Consolidated Financial Statements originally issued in Spanish and prepared in accordance with EU-IFRS, as adopted 
by the European Union (see Notes 1 to 56). In the event of a discrepancy, the Spanish-language version prevails

As of December 31, 2024, 2023 and 2022, the estimated amount of temporary differences associated with investments in 
subsidiaries, joint ventures and associates, which were not recognized as deferred tax liabilities in the consolidated balance sheets, 
amounted to €230, €96 and €88 million, respectively.
With respect to the deferred tax assets shown above, the table below shows the amounts guaranteed by the Spanish government, 
broken down by the items that originated the relevant assets:
Secured tax assets (Millions of Euros)
2024
2023
2022
Pensions
1,622
1,622
1,622
Loss allowances
6,357
6,912
7,067
Total 
7,979
8,534
8,689
As of December 31, 2024, non-guaranteed net deferred tax assets amounted to €3,918 million (€4,430 million and €4,537 million as 
of December 31, 2023 and 2022, respectively). The breakdown by major geographical areas was as follows:
–
Spain: Net deferred tax assets recognized in Spain totaled €1,421 million as of December 31, 2024 (€1,805 and €2,424 
million as of December 31, 2023 and 2022, respectively). €685 million of the figure recorded in the year ended December 
31, 2024 for net deferred tax assets related to tax credits and tax loss carry forwards and €736 million relate to temporary 
differences.
–
Mexico: Net deferred tax assets recognized in Mexico amounted to €1,798 million as of December 31, 2024 (€1,899 and 
€1,640 million as of December 31, 2023 and 2022, respectively). Practically all of deferred tax assets as of December 31, 
2024 relate to temporary differences.
–
South America: Net deferred tax assets recognized in South America amounted to €245 million as of December 31, 2024 
(€213 and €227 million as of December 31, 2023 and 2022, respectively). Of the figure recorded at year-end 2024 for net 
deferred tax assets, €147 million relate to tax credits for tax loss carryforwards and €98 million have arisen as temporary 
differences.
–
Turkey: Net deferred tax assets recognized in Turkey amounted to €443 million as of December 31, 2024 (€499 and €228 
million as of December 31, 2023 and 2022, respectively). All of the deferred tax assets have arisen as temporary 
differences.
Based on the information available as of December 31, 2024, including historical levels of benefits and projected results available to 
the Group, the Group has carried out an analysis of its recovery of deferred tax assets and liabilities and it is considered that there is 
sufficient positive evidence, in excess of the negative evidence, that sufficient positive taxable income will be generated for the 
recovery of the aforementioned unsecured deferred tax assets when they become deductible in accordance with tax legislation. In 
this respect, in the specific case of the tax Group in Spain, the Group estimates that it will be able to generate sufficient taxable 
income to offset the tax loss carryforwards and deductions recorded for accounting purposes within a period under 10 years.
On the other hand, the Group has not recognized for accounting purposes (or, as the case may be, has been subject to a valuation 
adjustment) certain deferred tax assets (tax loss carryforwards, deductions and temporary differences) for which, in general, there is 
no legal period for offsetting, amounting to approximately €2,507 million (in terms of quota), which mainly arise from the integration 
of Catalunya Banc in the case of Spain, in accordance with the following breakdown by each of the jurisdictions in which the Group is 
located and carries on its business activities: (i) Spain: €2,395,411 thousand; (ii) United States: €37,829 thousand; (iii) Mexico: 
€24,615 thousand; (iv) France: €12,939 thousand; (v) Portugal: €11,654 thousand; (vi) Colombia: €10,718 thousand; (vii) Peru: 
€4,289 thousand; (viii) Brazil: €3,164 thousand; (ix) Japan: €2,766 thousand; (x) Turkey: €2,943 thousand; (xi) Netherlands: €794 
thousand; (xii) Singapore: €171 thousand; and (xiii) China: €64 thousand.
In connection with the above, it should be noted that within the framework of the ongoing process of rationalization of the Group's 
corporate structure which, among other things, may provide for the future dissolution and liquidation of companies, the 
materialization of the aforementioned deferred tax assets not recognized for accounting purposes may take place in the Group 
company that is a shareholder of the entity being dissolved and liquidated, as a result of the disclosure of tax losses pending 
deduction associated with the shareholding of the company which, as the case may be, is dissolved and liquidated.
19.6
Other contributions and taxes
Temporary tax on credit institutions in Spain
On December 28, 2022, the Law for the establishment of the temporary tax on credit institutions and financial credit establishments 
was published in the Official State Gazette.
This law establishes an obligation to pay a non-taxable equity benefit of public nature during the years 2023 and 2024 on those credit 
institutions that operate in Spain whose aggregate interest income and fee and commission income in 2019 was €800 million or 
more. 
Consolidated Financial Statements Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
136
Translation of the Consolidated Financial Statements originally issued in Spanish and prepared in accordance with EU-IFRS, as adopted 
by the European Union (see Notes 1 to 56). In the event of a discrepancy, the Spanish-language version prevails

The amount of the non-taxable equity benefit to be paid is the result of applying the percentage of 4.8% to the sum of the net interest 
income and fee and commission income and expense derived from the activity carried out in Spain, as shown in the income statement 
of the tax consolidation group to which the credit institutions belongs, corresponding to the calendar year prior to the year in which 
the obligation to make such a payment arose. The payment obligation arises on the first day of the calendar year of fiscal years 2023 
and 2024.
The impact of the payment required to be made by BBVA on account of this benefit in 2024 amounted to €285 million and was 
recorded under "Other operating expense" in the consolidated income statement (see Note 42).
Tax on net interest income and commissions of certain financial institutions in Spain
 On December 21, 2024, Law 7/2024 was published in the Official State Gazette, the ninth Final Provision of which regulates a new tax 
on the interest margin and commissions of certain financial entities including BBVA, S.A. The tax is levied on the interest and 
commission margin obtained by credit institutions from the activity they carry out in Spanish territory and is applicable to the first 
three consecutive tax periods that begin on January 1, 2024.
Subsequently, Royal Decree-Law 9/2024, which came into force on December 25, 2024, modified certain aspects of the tax approved 
by Law 7/2024, among other things, the tax period and the accrual of the new tax. However, this Royal Decree-Law has not been 
validated by the Congress of Deputies so, as of the date of preparation of these Consolidated Financial Statements, it is repealed.
No impact associated with this tax has been recorded in the Consolidated Financial Statements for the year ended December 31, 
2024.
Complementary tax to ensure a global minimum top up tax for multinational groups and large domestic groups (Pillar Two)
On December 20, 2024, Law 7/2024 of December 20, 2024 was approved in Spain, establishing a Complementary Tax to guarantee 
an overall minimum level of taxation for multinational groups and large domestic groups, a Tax on the net interest income and fee and 
commission of certain financial institutions and a Tax on liquids for electronic cigarettes and other tobacco-related products, and 
amending other tax regulations.
This law transposes Council Directive (EU) 2022/2523 of December 15, 2022, which incorporates the Pillar Two rules into the 
European legal framework.
The aforementioned Law has been approved with effect for tax periods beginning on or after December 31, 2023. Consequently, at 
the end of the year 2024, the Group is subject to the Pillar Two rules.
In compliance with current legislation, the Group has calculated the estimated impact of the Complementary Tax based on the 
Transitional Safe Harbor analysis and on the basis of the figures used in the preparation of the Group's consolidated financial 
statements in each of its constituent jurisdictions.
As a result of this estimated calculation, it has been determined that most of the jurisdictions in which the Group operates, with the 
exception of a small number of countries representing an immaterial percentage of the BBVA Group's profit (loss) before tax, exceed 
the minimum effective tax rate of 15% and, therefore, do not accrue Complementary Tax. For those jurisdictions that do not meet this 
threshold, BBVA, S.A., as the ultimate parent company of the Group, as of December 31, 2024, has recognized as a current tax 
expense the corresponding estimated supplementary tax associated with those jurisdictions, the amount of which is very immaterial.
Finally, it should be noted that the BBVA Group applies the mandatory exception to the recognition and disclosure of deferred tax 
assets and liabilities in relation to Pillar Two.
Consolidated Financial Statements Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
137
Translation of the Consolidated Financial Statements originally issued in Spanish and prepared in accordance with EU-IFRS, as adopted 
by the European Union (see Notes 1 to 56). In the event of a discrepancy, the Spanish-language version prevails

20.
Other assets and liabilities 
The breakdown of the balances of these headings of the consolidated balance sheets is as follows:
Other assets and liabilities (Millions of Euros)
2024
2023
2022
ASSETS
Inventories ⁽¹⁾
1,299
276
325
Transactions in progress
482
41
93
Accruals
1,862
1,368
1,461
Other items
1,881
1,174
706
Total
5,525
2,859
2,586
LIABILITIES
Transactions in progress
306
133
44
Accruals
3,066
2,878
2,595
Other items
1,997
2,466
2,269
Total
5,370
5,477
4,909
(1) The variation in 2024 corresponds mainly to the acquisition of land plots from the Group's real estate company Crea Madrid Nuevo Norte, S.A. in relation to an urban planning 
operation in Madrid. 
21.
Non-current assets and disposal groups classified as held for sale and liabilities 
included in disposal groups classified as held for sale 
The composition of the balances under the headings “Non-current assets and disposal groups classified as held for sale” and 
“Liabilities included in disposal groups classified as held for sale” in the consolidated balance sheets, broken down by the origin of the 
assets, is as follows: 
Non-current assets and disposal groups classified as held for sale and liabilities included in disposal groups classified as 
held for sale. Breakdown by items (Millions of Euros)
2024
2023
2022
ASSETS
Foreclosures and recoveries
847
943
1,070
Other assets from tangible assets (1)
618
1,026
1,063
Companies held for sale
55
43
40
Accrued amortization (2)
(46)
(84)
(93)
Impairment losses (1)
(645)
(1,005)
(1,057)
Total  
828
923
1,022
LIABILITIES
Companies held for sale 
—
—
—
Total  
—
—
—
(1) The variation in 2024 is mainly due to sales of properties by the companies Tree Investments Inmobiliarias, SOCIMI, SA and Banco Bilbao Vizcaya Argentaria, S.A. 
(2) Corresponds to the accumulated depreciation of assets before their classification as "Non-current assets and disposal groups classified as held for sale".
Consolidated Financial Statements Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
138
Translation of the Consolidated Financial Statements originally issued in Spanish and prepared in accordance with EU-IFRS, as adopted 
by the European Union (see Notes 1 to 56). In the event of a discrepancy, the Spanish-language version prevails

Non-current assets and disposal groups classified as held for sale
The changes in the balances of “Non-current assets and disposal groups classified as held for sale” in 2024, 2023 and 2022, are as 
follows: 
Non-current assets and disposal groups classified as held for sale (Millions of Euros)
Notes
Foreclosed assets
Property, Plant and 
Equipment (1)
Companies held for sale 
Total
Cost (a)
2024
2023
2022
2024
2023
2022
2024
2023
2022
2024
2023
2022
Balance at the beginning
943
1,070
1,218
943
970
452
43
39
41
1,928
2,078
1,711
Additions 
250
190
211
18
2
1
15
—
2
283
192
214
Contributions from merger transactions
—
—
—
—
—
592
—
—
—
—
—
592
Retirements (sales and other decreases)
(338)
(323)
(353)
(446)
(34)
(110)
—
—
(2)
(784)
(357)
(465)
Transfers, other movements and exchange 
differences
(8)
6
(6)
57
5
35
(3)
4
(2)
46
15
27
Disposals by companies held for sale
—
—
—
—
—
—
—
—
—
—
—
—
Balance at the end
847
943
1,070
572
943
970
55
43
39
1,473
1,928
2,078
Impairment (b)
Balance at the beginning
299
356
381
706
701
269
—
—
—
1,005
1,057
650
Additions 
50
24
16
64
59
27
158
—
—
—
83
42
221
Additions transfer to discontinued operations
—
—
—
—
—
—
—
—
—
—
—
—
Contributions from merger transactions
—
—
—
—
—
—
—
—
—
—
—
—
Retirements (sales and other decreases)
(91)
(89)
(102)
(352)
(22)
(46)
—
—
—
(443)
(111)
(148)
Other movements and exchange differences
5
16
13
(5)
1
320
—
—
—
—
17
333
Disposals by companies held for sale
—
—
—
—
—
—
—
—
—
—
—
—
Balance at the end
237
299
356
409
706
701
—
—
—
645
1,005
1,057
Balance at the end of net carrying value (a)-(b)
610
644
714
163
236
269
55
43
39
828
923
1,022
(1) Net of accumulated amortization until assets were reclassified as “Non-current assets and disposal groups classified as held for sale”.
As indicated in Note 2.2.6, “Non-current assets and disposal groups held for sale” and “Liabilities included in disposal groups 
classified as held for sale” are valued at the lower amount between its fair value less costs to sell and its carrying amount. As of 
December 31, 2024, 2023 and 2022 practically all of the carrying amount of the assets recorded at fair value on a non-recurring basis 
equals their fair value.
Assets from foreclosures or recoveries
As of December 31, 2024, 2023 and 2022, assets from foreclosures and recoveries, net of impairment losses, by nature of the asset, 
amounted to €404 million, €460 million and €478 million in assets for residential use; €169 million, €154 million and €199 million in 
assets for tertiary use (industrial, commercial or office) and €31 million, €26 million and €34 million in assets for agricultural use, 
respectively.
As of December 31, 2024, 2023 and 2022, the average sale time of assets from foreclosures or recoveries was between 2 and 3 years.
During the years 2024, 2023 and 2022, some of the sale transactions for these assets were financed by Group companies. The 
amount of loans granted to the buyers of these assets in those years amounted to €12 million, €22 million and €43 million, 
respectively; with an average financing of 69% of the sales price during 2024.
As of December 31, 2024, 2023 and 2022, the amount of the profits arising from the sale of assets financed by Group companies that 
are not recognized in the consolidated income statement is not significant.
Consolidated Financial Statements Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
139
Translation of the Consolidated Financial Statements originally issued in Spanish and prepared in accordance with EU-IFRS, as adopted 
by the European Union (see Notes 1 to 56). In the event of a discrepancy, the Spanish-language version prevails

22.
Financial liabilities at amortized cost
22.1
Breakdown of the balance
The breakdown of the balance under these headings in the consolidated balance sheets is as follows:
Financial liabilities measured at amortized cost (Millions of Euros)
2024
2023
2022
Deposits
496,720
473,835
459,662
Deposits from central banks
14,668
20,309
38,323
Demand deposits
657
159
205
Time deposits and other
6,369
12,203
33,534
Repurchase agreement
7,642
7,947
4,584
Deposits from credit institutions
34,406
40,039
26,935
Demand deposits
6,977
6,629
11,434
Time deposits and other
15,049
12,871
11,787
Repurchase agreement
12,380
20,539
3,714
Customer deposits 
447,646
413,487
394,404
Demand deposits
331,780
317,543
316,082
Time deposits and other
106,658
91,740
76,063
Repurchase agreement
9,208
4,204
2,259
Debt certificates issued
69,867
68,707
55,429
Other financial liabilities
17,753
15,046
14,081
Total 
584,339
557,589
529,172
As of December 31, 2024, all drawdowns of the TLTRO III program have been repaid. As of December 31, 2023 and 2022, the amount 
recorded in "Deposits from central banks - Time deposits and other" included the drawdowns of the TLTRO III facilities of the ECB, 
mainly by BBVA, S.A., amounting to €3,660 million and €26,711 million, respectively.
Consolidated Financial Statements Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
140
Translation of the Consolidated Financial Statements originally issued in Spanish and prepared in accordance with EU-IFRS, as adopted 
by the European Union (see Notes 1 to 56). In the event of a discrepancy, the Spanish-language version prevails

22.2
Deposits from credit institutions
The breakdown by geographical area and the nature of the related instruments of this heading in the consolidated balance sheets is as 
follows:
 
Deposits from credit institutions (Millions of Euros)
Demand deposits 
Time deposits 
and other (1)
Repurchase 
agreements
Total
December 2024
Spain
1,039
3,116
538
4,693
Mexico
973
981
231
2,185
Turkey
158
2,002
2
2,162
South America
577
2,387
—
2,963
Rest of Europe
2,942
3,313
11,578
17,832
Rest of the world
1,289
3,250
31
4,570
Total 
6,977
15,049
12,380
34,406
December 2023
Spain
1,252
2,434
899
4,585
Mexico
789
642
—
1,431
Turkey
16
535
37
587
South America
416
2,242
—
2,659
Rest of Europe
3,011
2,742
19,344
25,097
Rest of the world
1,145
4,277
259
5,681
Total 
6,629
12,871
20,539
40,039
December 2022
Spain
1,215
1,429
67
2,709
Mexico
855
732
—
1,587
Turkey
10
633
29
672
South America
844
2,251
—
3,095
Rest of Europe
3,613
2,944
1,669
8,226
Rest of the world
4,897
3,797
1,949
10,645
Total 
11,434
11,787
3,714
26,935
(1) Subordinated deposits are included amounting to €48, €35 and €24 million as of December 31, 2024, 2023 and 2022, respectively.
Consolidated Financial Statements Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
141
Translation of the Consolidated Financial Statements originally issued in Spanish and prepared in accordance with EU-IFRS, as adopted 
by the European Union (see Notes 1 to 56). In the event of a discrepancy, the Spanish-language version prevails

22.3
Customer deposits
The breakdown by geographical area of this heading in the consolidated balance sheets, by type of instrument, is as follows:
Customer deposits (Millions of Euros)
Demand deposits
Time deposits 
and other ⁽¹⁾ 
Repurchase 
agreements
Total
December 2024
Spain
186,489
22,501
6,474
215,464
Mexico
70,133
14,319
987
85,439
Turkey
23,228
25,388
652
49,267
South America
32,443
20,232
—
52,675
Rest of Europe
17,170
17,613
1,095
35,878
Rest of the world
2,318
6,605
—
8,922
Total 
331,780
106,658
9,208
447,646
December 2023
Spain
179,825
17,952
4
197,780
Mexico
76,122
15,067
1,638
92,828
Turkey
20,423
21,485
1,331
43,239
South America
26,888
17,349
—
44,237
Rest of Europe
12,863
16,257
1,231
30,350
Rest of the world
1,422
3,630
—
5,052
Total 
317,543
91,740
4,204
413,487
December 2022
Spain
188,803
13,937
2
202,742
Mexico
64,671
12,916
630
78,217
Turkey
22,117
17,254
747
40,118
South America
27,083
14,505
—
41,587
Rest of Europe
11,670
14,224
880
26,774
Rest of the world
1,737
3,228
—
4,965
Total 
316,082
76,063
2,259
394,404
(1) Subordinated deposits are included amounting to €8 million as of December 31, 2024. As of December 31, 2023 and 2022, no subordinated deposits were recorded under this 
heading.
Consolidated Financial Statements Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
142
Translation of the Consolidated Financial Statements originally issued in Spanish and prepared in accordance with EU-IFRS, as adopted 
by the European Union (see Notes 1 to 56). In the event of a discrepancy, the Spanish-language version prevails

22.4
Debt certificates 
The breakdown of the balance under this heading, by type of financial instrument and by currency, is as follows:
Debt certificates issued (Millions of Euros)
2024
2023
2022
In Euros
37,118
44,622
35,611
Promissory bills and notes
1,360
5,416
1,079
Non-convertible bonds and debentures
17,788
16,256
16,979
Covered bonds 
5,825
6,734
7,665
Hybrid financial instruments (1)
519
800
959
Securitization bonds
2,201
2,168
2,501
Wholesale funding
1,030
6,182
139
Subordinated liabilities
8,395
7,066
6,289
Convertible perpetual certificates
2,750
3,000
3,000
Other non-convertible subordinated liabilities
5,645
4,066
3,289
In foreign currencies
32,748
24,086
19,819
Promissory bills and notes
2,962
336
351
Non-convertible bonds and debentures
12,136
8,684
9,323
Covered bonds 
95
99
114
Hybrid financial instruments (1)
5,327
4,722
3,724
Securitization bonds
—
—
—
Wholesale funding
1,067
1,479
111
Subordinated liabilities
11,161
8,766
6,196
Convertible perpetual certificates
2,888
2,715
1,876
Other non-convertible subordinated liabilities
8,273
6,051
4,320
  Total
69,867
68,707
55,429
(1) Corresponds to structured note issuances with embedded derivatives that have been segregated according to IFRS 9.
22.4.1
Subordinated liabilities
The breakdown of this heading in the consolidated balance sheets is as follows:
Memorandum item: Subordinated liabilities at amortized cost (Millions of Euros)
2024
2023
2022
Subordinated deposits
56
35
24
Subordinated certificates 
19,556
15,832
12,485
Compound convertible financial instruments 
5,638
5,715
4,876
Other non-convertible subordinated liabilities
13,918
10,117
7,609
Total
19,612
15,867
12,509
The balance variances are mainly due to the following transactions:
Perpetual Contingent Convertible Securities
The Annual General Shareholders' Meeting of BBVA held on April 20, 2021, resolved, under agenda item five, to authorize the Board of 
Directors of BBVA, with sub-delegation powers, to issue convertible securities, whose conversion is contingent and which are 
intended to meet regulatory requirements for their eligibility as capital instruments (CoCo), in accordance with the solvency 
regulations applicable from time to time, subject to the legal and statutory provisions that may be applicable at any time. The Board of 
Directors may make issues on one or several times within the maximum term of five years from the date on which this resolution was 
adopted, up to the maximum overall amount of €8 billion or its equivalent in any other currency. The Board of Directors may also 
resolve to exclude, either fully or partially, the pre-emptive subscription rights of shareholders within the framework of a concrete 
issuance, complying in all cases with the legal requirements and limitations established for this purpose at any given time.
Consolidated Financial Statements Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
143
Translation of the Consolidated Financial Statements originally issued in Spanish and prepared in accordance with EU-IFRS, as adopted 
by the European Union (see Notes 1 to 56). In the event of a discrepancy, the Spanish-language version prevails

Under that delegation, BBVA has made the following contingently convertible issuances that qualify as additional tier 1 capital of the 
Bank and the Group in accordance with Regulation (EU) 575/2013 throughout the financial years 2023 and 2024:
–
On June 21, 2023, BBVA carried out an issuance of perpetual contingent convertible securities with exclusion of 
shareholders' pre-emptive subscription rights, for a total nominal amount of €1 billion. This issuance is listed in the Global 
Exchange Market of Euronext Dublin and was targeted only at qualified investors, not being offered or sold to any retail 
clients.
–
On September 19, 2023, BBVA carried out an issuance of perpetual contingent convertible securities with exclusion of 
shareholders' pre-emptive subscription rights, for a total nominal amount of USD 1 billion. This issuance is listed on the New 
York Stock Exchange and was targeted only at qualified investors, not being offered or sold to any retail clients.
–
On June 13, 2024, BBVA carried out an issuance of perpetual contingent convertible securities with exclusion of 
shareholders' pre-emptive subscription rights, for a total nominal amount of €750 million. This issuance is listed in the 
Global Exchange Market of Euronext Dublin and was targeted only at qualified investors, not being offered or sold to any 
retail clients.
Additionally, on January 14, 2025, BBVA carried out an issuance of perpetual contingent convertible securities with exclusion of 
shareholders' pre-emptive subscription rights, for a total nominal amount of USD 1 billion. This issuance is listed on the New York 
Stock Exchange and was targeted only at qualified investors, not being offered or sold to any retail clients.
These perpetual securities issued, where appropriate, must be converted into newly issued ordinary shares of BBVA if the CET 1 ratio 
of the Bank or the Group is less than 5.125%, in accordance with their respective terms and conditions.
These type of issuances made by the Bank may be fully redeemed at BBVA's option only in the cases contemplated in their respective 
terms and conditions and, in any case, in accordance with the provisions of the applicable legislation. In particular, throughout the 
financial years 2022, 2023 and 2024 the Bank has early redeemed the following issues:
–
On May 24, 2022, the Bank early redeemed the contingently convertible preferred securities (which qualified as additional 
tier 1 instruments) issued by the Bank on May 24, 2017, for an amount of €500 million on the First Reset Date and once the 
prior consent from the Regulator was obtained. 
–
On September 24, 2023, the Bank early redeemed the issuance of contingently convertible preferred securities (which 
qualified as additional tier 1 instruments) carried out by the Bank on September 24, 2018, for an amount of €1 billion on the 
First Reset Date and once the prior consent from the Regulator was obtained.
–
On March 29, 2024, the Bank early redeemed the issuance of contingently convertible preferred securities (which qualified 
as additional tier 1 instruments) carried out by the Bank on March 29, 2019, for an amount of €1 billion on the First Reset 
Date and once the prior consent from the Regulator was obtained.
Additionally, on January 28, 2025, the Bank announced its irrevocable decision to redeem in whole on March 5, 2025, the issuance of 
contingently convertible preferred securities (which qualified as additional tier 1 instruments) carried out by the Bank on September 
5, 2019, for an amount of USD 1 billion on the First Reset Date and once the prior consent from the Regulator was obtained. 
Convertible Securities
The Annual General Shareholders' Meeting of BBVA held on March 18, 2022, resolved, under agenda item five, to confer authority on 
the Board of Directors of BBVA, with sub-delegation powers, to issue securities convertible into new BBVA shares (other than 
contingently convertible securities, envisaged to meet regulatory requirements for their eligibility as capital instruments (CoCo) 
referred to in the resolutions adopted by BBVA's Annual General Shareholders' Meeting held on April 20, 2021, under agenda item 
five), subject to provisions in the law and in BBVA's bylaws that may be applicable at any time, on one or several occasions within the 
maximum term of five years to be counted as from the date on which the resolution was adopted, up to a maximum total amount of 
€6 billion, or the equivalent in any other currency. The Board of Directors may also resolve to exclude, either fully or partially, the pre-
emptive subscription rights of shareholders within the framework of a specific issuance, limiting this power to the extent that the 
nominal amount of the capital increases agreed or executed in order to satisfy conversion of the issues carried out excluding the pre-
emptive subscription right by virtue of this power (without prejudice to anti-dilution adjustments) and any agreed or executed in use 
of the power under the item 4 of the Agenda of the same General Meeting, described in Note 26, excluding the pre-emptive 
subscription right, do not exceed a maximum aggregated nominal amount of 10% of BBVA's share capital at the time the resolution 
was adopted.
As of the date of preparation of these Consolidated Financial Statements, the Bank has not made use of the authority granted by the 
BBVA Annual General Shareholders' Meeting held on March 18, 2022.
Consolidated Financial Statements Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
144
Translation of the Consolidated Financial Statements originally issued in Spanish and prepared in accordance with EU-IFRS, as adopted 
by the European Union (see Notes 1 to 56). In the event of a discrepancy, the Spanish-language version prevails

22.5
Other financial liabilities
The breakdown of the balance under this heading in the consolidated balance sheets is as follows:
Other financial liabilities (Millions of Euros)
2024
2023
2022
Lease liabilities
1,467
1,507
1,398
Creditors for other financial liabilities
4,859
3,439
3,584
Collection accounts
3,693
3,642
3,426
Creditors for other payment obligations 
7,734
6,458
5,673
Total
17,753
15,046
14,081
A breakdown of the maturity of the lease liabilities, due after December 31, 2024 is provided below:
Maturity of future payment obligations (Millions of Euros)
Up to 1 year
1 to 3 years
3 to 5 years
Over 5 years
Total
Leases
175
285
239
768
1,467
23.
Assets and liabilities under insurance and reinsurance contracts
The Group has insurance subsidiaries mainly in Spain, Latin America (mostly in Mexico) and Turkey. Specifically, the insurance 
entities located in Spain and Mexico together accounted for approximately 95% in terms of total liabilities under insurance and 
reinsurance contracts as of December 31, 2024.
The main product offered by the insurance subsidiaries is life insurance to cover the risk of death (risk insurance) and life-savings 
insurance. Within life and accident insurance, a distinction is made between freely sold products and those offered to customers who 
have taken mortgage or consumer loans, which cover the principal of those loans in the event of the customer’s death. There are two 
types of savings products: individual insurance, which seeks to provide the customer with savings for retirement or other events, and 
group insurance, which is taken out by employers to cover their commitments to their employees.
The insurance business is affected by different risks, including those that are related to the BBVA Group such as credit risk, market 
risk, liquidity risk and operational risk and the methodology for risk measurement, control and follow-up applied in the insurance 
activity is similar (see Note 7 and Management Report - Risk management), although it has a differentiated management due to the 
particular characteristics of the insurance business, such as the coverage of contracted obligations and the long term of the 
commitments.
 Additionally, the insurance business generates certain specific risks, of a probabilistic nature: 
–
Technical risk: arises from deviations in the estimation of the casualty rate of insurances, either in terms of numbers, the 
amount of such claims and the timing of its occurrence.
–
Longevity risk: is the risk of incurring higher benefit payments than expected due to an increase in the life expectancy of the 
insured persons.
The insurance activity is fully integrated into the BBVA Group's risk management framework. From the definition of the risk appetite 
to the management limits, the governance model, the admission process, the organizational scheme and the development of 
computer systems/models, everything is designed with a global approach and under consistent and homogeneous criteria, aligned 
with other financial business of the BBVA Group. This also means that control activities and information flow are fully integrated into 
internal processes, from local reporting to the corporate bodies of the BBVA Group.
The insurance industry is highly regulated in each geographical area. In this regard, it should be noted that the insurance industry is 
undergoing a gradual regulatory transformation through new accounting and risk-based capital regulations, which have already been 
published in several countries.
The amounts that the consolidated insurance entities are entitled to receive from reinsurance contracts they maintain with third 
parties are recognized under the heading “Assets under reinsurance and insurance contracts” in the consolidated balance sheets. As 
of December 31, 2024, 2023 and 2022, the balance under this heading amounted to €191 million, €211 million and €183 million, 
respectively.
Consolidated Financial Statements Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
145
Translation of the Consolidated Financial Statements originally issued in Spanish and prepared in accordance with EU-IFRS, as adopted 
by the European Union (see Notes 1 to 56). In the event of a discrepancy, the Spanish-language version prevails

The heading “Liabilities under insurance and reinsurance contracts” in the consolidated balance sheets includes the liabilities 
recorded under insurance contracts of the consolidated insurance entities in accordance with IFRS 17 (see Note 2.2.8). The 
breakdown of the balance of this heading as of December 31, 2024, 2023 and 2022 is as follows:
Liabilities under insurance and reinsurance contracts (Millions of Euros)
2024
2023
2022
Insurances
10,981
12,110
10,131
Liabilities for remaining coverage
9,835
10,900
9,157
Estimates of the present value of cash flows
8,462
9,516
7,905
Risk adjustment
150
171
155
Cost service margin
1,224
1,213
1,097
Liabilities for incurred claims
1,146
1,210
974
    Estimates of the present value of cash flows
1,129
1,191
959
    Risk adjustment
17
19
15
Reinsurances
—
—
—
Total
10,981
12,110
10,131
In addition, the breakdown of “Liabilities under insurance and reinsurance contracts” in the consolidated balance sheets by type of 
product as of December 31, 2024, 2023 and 2022, excluding insurance contracts valued following the Simplified Model, is shown in 
the table below:
Liabilities under insurance and reinsurance contracts by type of product (Millions of Euros)
2024
2023
2022
Liabilities for remaining coverage
9,835
10,900
9,157
Life insurance
9,555
10,657
8,962
Individuals life insurance ⁽¹⁾
7,643
8,900
7,592
Group insurance ⁽²⁾
1,912
1,757
1,370
Non-life insurance
280
243
195
Liabilities for incurred claims
1,146
1,210
974
Total 
10,981
12,110
10,131
(1) Provides coverage in the event of death, disability and serious illness.
(2) The insurance policies purchased by employers (other than BBVA Group) on behalf of their employees.
The variation in liabilities under insurance and reinsurance contracts analyzed by liability for the remaining coverage and liability for 
incurred claims for the years 2024, 2023 and 2022 is shown below:
Variation in liabilities under insurance and reinsurance contracts analyzed by liabilities for the remaining coverage and the 
liabilities for incurred claims. December 2024 (Millions of Euros)
Liability for 
remaining 
coverage
Liability for 
incurred claims 
Total
Initial balance
10,900
1,210
12,110
Result from insurance service
(3,371)
1,862
(1,509)
Insurance revenue
(3,494)
—
(3,494)
Insurance expense
124
1,862
1,985
Financial income/ expenses from insurance contracts
(407)
12
(395)
Exchange differences
(657)
(110)
(767)
Cash flows
3,370
(1,828)
1,542
Final balance
9,835
1,146
10,981
Consolidated Financial Statements Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
146
Translation of the Consolidated Financial Statements originally issued in Spanish and prepared in accordance with EU-IFRS, as adopted 
by the European Union (see Notes 1 to 56). In the event of a discrepancy, the Spanish-language version prevails

Variation in liabilities under insurance and reinsurance contracts analyzed by liabilities for the remaining coverage and the 
liabilities for incurred claims. December 2023 (Millions of Euros)
Liability for 
remaining 
coverage
Liability for 
incurred claims
Total
Initial balance
9,157
974
10,131
Result from insurance service
(2,822)
1,532
(1,289)
Insurance revenue
(2,897)
—
(2,897)
Insurance expense
75
1,532
1,607
Financial income/ expenses from insurance contracts
563
1
564
Exchange differences
1,008
59
1,067
Cash flows
2,994
(1,357)
1,637
Final balance
10,900
1,210
12,110
Variation in liabilities under insurance and reinsurance contracts analyzed by liabilities for the remaining coverage and the 
liabilities for incurred claims. December 2022 (Millions of Euros)
Liability for 
remaining 
coverage
Liability for 
incurred claims
Total
Initial balance
8,875
1,097
9,972
Result from insurance service
(2,446)
1,260
(1,186)
Insurance revenue
(2,575)
—
(2,575)
Insurance expense
130
1,260
1,390
Financial income/ expenses from insurance contracts
(694)
2
(692)
Exchange differences
1,048
51
1,099
Cash flows
2,375
(1,437)
938
Final balance
9,157
974
10,131
The variation of liabilities under insurance and reinsurance contracts, distinguishing between their different valuation components, 
excluding contracts valued under the Simplified Model, for the years 2024, 2023 and 2022 is shown below:
Variation in liabilities under insurance and reinsurance contracts analyzed by valuation component. December 2024 
(Millions of Euros)
Estimated 
present value 
of future 
cash flows
Risk 
adjustment 
Contractual 
service 
margin ⁽¹⁾
Total
Initial balance
9,738
167
1,213
11,118
Insurance service result
(345)
(17)
44
(318)
Changes that relate to current services
(969)
(29)
(270)
(1,267)
Changes that relate to future services
(350)
12
314
(24)
Changes that relate to past services
974
—
—
974
Financial income/ expenses from insurance contracts
(457)
3
49
(406)
Exchange rate differences
(636)
(3)
(82)
(721)
Cash flows
411
—
—
411
Final balance
8,710
150
1,224
10,084
(1) In general, the transition approach for calculating the contractual service margin has been the fair value approach for long-term contracts and the full retrospective approach 
for short-term contracts.
Consolidated Financial Statements Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
147
Translation of the Consolidated Financial Statements originally issued in Spanish and prepared in accordance with EU-IFRS, as adopted 
by the European Union (see Notes 1 to 56). In the event of a discrepancy, the Spanish-language version prevails

Variation in liabilities under insurance and reinsurance contracts analyzed by valuation component. December 2023 
(Millions of Euros)
Estimated 
present value 
of future 
cash flows
Risk 
adjustment 
Contractual 
service 
margin ⁽¹⁾
Total
Initial balance
8,056
150
1,097
9,303
Insurance service result
(384)
—
(23)
(406)
Changes that relate to current services
(749)
(26)
(185)
(960)
Changes that relate to future services
(189)
26
163
—
Changes that relate to past services
554
—
—
554
Financial income/ expenses from insurance contracts
508
11
45
564
Exchange rate differences
935
6
94
1,035
Cash flows
623
—
—
623
Final balance
9,738
167
1,213
11,118
(1) In general, the transition approach for calculating the contractual service margin has been the fair value approach for long-term contracts and the full retrospective approach 
for short-term contracts.
Variation in liabilities under insurance and reinsurance contracts analyzed by valuation component. December 2022 
(Millions of Euros)
Estimated 
present value 
of future 
cash flows
Risk 
adjustment 
Contractual 
service 
margin ⁽¹⁾
Total
Initial balance
7,945
112
948
9,006
Insurance service result
(606)
46
49
(511)
Changes that relate to current services
(750)
(14)
(144)
(908)
Changes that relate to future services
(270)
60
193
(17)
Changes that relate to past services
413
—
—
413
Financial income/ expenses from insurance contracts
(704)
(20)
29
(694)
Exchange rate differences
1,009
11
72
1,093
Cash flows
412
—
—
412
Final balance
8,056
150
1,097
9,303
(1) In general, the transition approach for calculating the contractual service margin has been the fair value approach for long-term contracts and the full retrospective approach 
for short-term contracts.
The maturity of “Liabilities under insurance and reinsurance contracts” is as follows: 
Maturity of the liabilities under insurance and reinsurance contracts (Millions of Euros)
Up to 1 year
1 to 3 years
3 to 5 years
Over 5 years
Total
2024
1,556
319
720
8,387
10,981
2023
1,356
962
2,425
7,367
12,110
2022
1,754
663
1,664
6,050
10,131
The classification and valuation models used to calculate the liabilities under insurance and reinsurance contracts are detailed in Note 
2.2.8 of these Consolidated Financial Statements.
In general, in estimating compliance flows valued under the General Model, the Group has used tables based on the companies' own 
experience to estimate discounted future cash flows for all units of account, except for those cases in which the entity has not had 
sufficient historical data for the construction of the assumptions, so in such cases, regulatory tables have been used.
Consolidated Financial Statements Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
148
Translation of the Consolidated Financial Statements originally issued in Spanish and prepared in accordance with EU-IFRS, as adopted 
by the European Union (see Notes 1 to 56). In the event of a discrepancy, the Spanish-language version prevails

24.
Provisions
The breakdown of the balance under this heading in the consolidated balance sheets, based on type of provisions, is as follows:
Provisions. Breakdown by concepts (Millions of Euros)
Notes
2024
2023
2022
Provisions for pensions and similar obligations
25
2,348
2,571
2,632
Other long term employee benefits (1)
25
384
435
466
Provisions for taxes and other legal contingencies
7.1 
791
696
685
Provisions for contingent risks and commitments
7.2.6
667
770
770
Other provisions (2)
429
452
380
Total
4,619
4,924
4,933
(1) It included commitments undertaken under the collective layoff procedure that was carried out at Banco Bilbao Vizcaya Argentaria, S.A. in 2021.
(2) Individually non-significant provisions, for various concepts and corresponding to different geographical areas.
The change in provisions for pensions and similar obligations for the years ended December 31, 2024, 2023 and 2022 is as follows:
Provisions for pensions and other post-employment obligations for defined benefit plans, and other long term employee 
benefits. Changes over the year (Millions of Euros)
Notes
2024
2023
2022
Balance at the beginning 
3,006
3,098
4,208
Charges to income for the year 
197
211
25
Interest expense and similar charges
25
138
133
75
Personnel expense
57
49
42
Provision expense
2
29
(92)
Charges (credits) to equity ⁽¹⁾
25
132
314
(433)
Transfers and other changes
(49)
(37)
36
Benefit payments
(410)
(474)
(616)
Employer contributions
(143)
(106)
(120)
Balance at the end
2,732
3,006
3,098
(1) Correspond to actuarial losses (gains) arising from certain post-employment defined-benefit commitments for pensions recognized in “Equity” (see Note 2.2.13).
Provisions for taxes, legal contingencies and other provisions. Changes over the year (Millions of Euros)
2024
2023
2022
Balance at beginning 
1,148
1,065
990
Additions
370
651
417
Acquisition of subsidiaries
—
—
—
Unused amounts reversed during the year
(92)
(385)
(130)
Amount used and other variations
(206)
(183)
(211)
Balance at the end 
1,220
1,148
1,065
Ongoing legal proceedings and litigation
The financial sector faces an environment of increased regulatory pressure and litigation. In this environment, the various Group 
entities are often subject to lawsuits and involved in individual or collective legal proceedings and litigation arising from their activity 
and operations, including proceedings arising from their lending activity, from their labor relations and from other commercial, 
regulatory or tax issues, as well as in arbitration. 
On the basis of the information available, the Group considers that, as of December 31, 2024, the provisions made in relation to 
judicial proceedings and arbitrations, where so required, are adequate and reasonably cover the liabilities that might arise, if any, from 
such proceedings and arbitrations. Furthermore, on the basis of the information available and with the exceptions indicated in Note 
7.1 "Risk factors", BBVA considers that the liabilities that may arise from the resolution of such proceedings will not have, individually, 
a significant adverse effect on the Group's business, financial situation or results of operations.
Consolidated Financial Statements Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
149
Translation of the Consolidated Financial Statements originally issued in Spanish and prepared in accordance with EU-IFRS, as adopted 
by the European Union (see Notes 1 to 56). In the event of a discrepancy, the Spanish-language version prevails

25.
Post-employment and other employee benefit commitments
As stated in Note 2.2.13, the Group has assumed commitments with employees including short-term employee benefits (see Note 
44.1), defined contribution and defined benefit plans (see Glossary), healthcare and other long-term employee benefits.
The Group sponsors defined-contribution plans for the majority of its active employees, with the plans in Spain and Mexico being the 
most significant. Most defined benefit plans are closed to new employees, with liabilities relating largely to retired employees, the 
most significant being those in Spain, Mexico and Turkey. In Mexico, the Group provides medical benefits to a closed group of 
employees and their family members, both in active service and retirement.
The breakdown of the net defined benefit liability recorded on the balance sheet as of December 31, 2024, 2023 and 2022 is provided 
below:
Net defined benefit liability (asset) on the consolidated balance sheet (Millions of Euros)
Notes
2024
2023
2022
Pension commitments
3,759
3,849
3,661
Early retirement commitments
271
412
606
Medical benefits commitments
1,269
1,728
1,448
Other long term employee benefits
384
435
466
Total commitments
5,683
6,424
6,181
Pension plan assets
1,584
1,675
1,608
Medical benefit plan assets
1,367
1,744
1,476
Total plan assets (1)
2,951
3,419
3,084
Total net liability / asset 
2,732
3,006
3,097
Of which: Net asset on the consolidated balance sheet (2)
—
—
(1)
Of which: Net liability on the consolidated balance sheet for provisions 
for pensions and similar obligations (3)
24
2,348
2,571
2,632
Of which: Net liability on the consolidated balance sheet for other long 
term employee benefits
24
384
435
466
(1) In Turkey, the foundation responsible for managing the benefit commitments holds an additional asset of €123 million as of December 31, 2024 which, in accordance with IFRS 
regarding the asset ceiling, has not been recognized in the Consolidated Financial Statements, because although it could be used to reduce future pension contributions it could 
not be immediately refunded to the employer. As of December 31, 2023 and 2022, this amount amounted to €153 and €188 million respectively.
(2) Recorded under the heading “Other Assets - Other” of the consolidated balance sheet (see Note 20).
(3) Recorded under the heading “Provisions - Provisions for pensions and similar obligations” of the consolidated balance sheet.
The impact relating to benefit commitments on the consolidated income statement for the years 2024, 2023 and 2022 is as follows:
Consolidated income statement impact (Millions of Euros)
Notes
2024
2023
2022
Interest and other expense
138
133
75
Interest expense
494
444
342
Interest income
(356)
(311)
(267)
Personnel expense
215
188
130
Defined contribution plan expense
44.1
158
139
87
Defined benefit plan expense
44.1
51
49
42
Other expense
6
—
—
Provisions or (reversal) of provisions
46
3
31
(89)
Early retirement expense
—
—
—
Past service cost expense
7
36
34
Remeasurements ⁽¹⁾
(5)
(7)
(126)
Other provision expense
1
2
3
Total impact on consolidated income statement: expense (income)
355
352
116
(1) Actuarial losses (gains) on remeasurement of the net defined benefit liability relating to early retirements in Spain and other long-term employee benefits that are charged to 
the income statements (see Note 2.2.13).
Consolidated Financial Statements Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
150
Translation of the Consolidated Financial Statements originally issued in Spanish and prepared in accordance with EU-IFRS, as adopted 
by the European Union (see Notes 1 to 56). In the event of a discrepancy, the Spanish-language version prevails

The amounts relating to post-employment benefits charged to the consolidated balance sheet correspond to the actuarial gains 
(losses) on remeasurement of the net defined benefit liability relating to pension and medical commitments before income taxes as of 
December 31, 2024, 2023 and 2022 are as follows:
Equity impact (Millions of Euros)
2024
2023
2022
Defined benefit plans
218
302
(363)
Post-employment medical benefits
(86)
12
(71)
Total impact on equity: debit (credit)
132
314
(433)
In 2024, the aggregate impact of this heading amounted to a debit of €132 million driven by the variation in the main long-term 
remuneration commitments in Mexico (debit of €55 million, mainly due to the variation of financial assumptions and expected 
profitability of plan assets), Turkey (debit of €32 million euros due to the variation of financial assumptions, expected profitability of 
plan assets and experience), Spain (debit of €28 million, essentially due to the variation in financial assumptions) and Portugal (debit 
of €16 million due to the expected profitability of the plan assets and experience).
In 2023, the aggregate impact of this heading amounted to a debit of €314 million driven by the variation in financial assumptions, 
losses of €71 million from commitments in Spain, and losses of €170 million for commitments in Mexico. These amounts are offset by 
other minor effects of actuarial experience in these geographical areas and financial, demographic and experience effects in other 
geographical areas.
In 2022, the aggregate impact of this heading amounted to a credit of €433 million driven by the variation in financial assumptions, 
gains of €558 million from commitments in Spain, and losses of €72 million for commitments in Mexico. These amounts are offset by 
other minor effects of actuarial experience in these geographical areas and financial, demographic and experience effects in other 
geographical areas.
Consolidated Financial Statements Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
151
Translation of the Consolidated Financial Statements originally issued in Spanish and prepared in accordance with EU-IFRS, as adopted 
by the European Union (see Notes 1 to 56). In the event of a discrepancy, the Spanish-language version prevails

25.1
Defined benefit plans
Defined benefit commitments relate mainly to employees who have already retired or taken early retirement, certain closed groups of 
active employees still accruing defined benefit pensions, and in-service death and disability benefits provided to most active 
employees. For the latter, the Group pays the required premiums to fully insure the related liability. The change in these pension 
commitments during the years ended December 31, 2024, 2023 and 2022 is presented below:
Defined benefits (Millions of Euros)
2024
2023
2022
Defined 
benefit 
obligation
Plan 
assets
Net liability 
(asset)
Defined 
benefit 
obligation
Plan 
assets
Net 
liability 
(asset)
Defined 
benefit 
obligation
Plan 
assets
Net 
liability 
(asset)
Balance at the beginning
5,989
3,419
2,571
5,715
3,084
2,632
6,547
2,988
3,560
Current service cost
51
—
51
52
—
52
45
—
45
Interest income/expense
472
356
115
425
311
114
333
267
65
Contributions by plan 
participants
16
16
—
10
10
—
10
10
—
Employer contributions
—
143
(143)
—
106
(106)
—
67
(67)
Past service costs (1)
7
—
7
36
—
36
34
—
34
Remeasurements:
(202)
(330)
128
375
68
307
(741)
(240)
(501)
       Return on plan assets (2)
—
(330)
330
—
68
(68)
—
(240)
240
From changes in 
demographic assumptions
2
—
2
(86)
—
(86)
(29)
—
(29)
From changes in financial 
assumptions
(362)
—
(362)
248
—
248
(812)
—
(812)
Other actuarial gains and 
losses
158
—
158
212
—
212
100
—
100
Benefit payments
(564)
(230)
(334)
(655)
(232)
(424)
(676)
(184)
(492)
Settlement payments
(1)
(1)
—
(76)
(75)
(1)
(4)
(4)
—
Business combinations and 
disposals
—
—
—
(1)
—
(1)
—
—
—
Effect on changes in foreign 
exchange rates
(467)
(416)
(51)
124
153
(29)
161
180
(20)
Conversions to defined 
contributions
—
—
—
—
—
—
—
—
—
Other effects
(3)
(7)
4
(15)
(7)
(8)
7
—
7
Balance at the end
5,299
2,951
2,348
5,989
3,419
2,571
5,715
3,084
2,632
Of which: Spain
2,078
114
1,964
2,310
129
2,181
2,546
147
2,399
Of which: Mexico
2,385
2,114
271
2,988
2,702
286
2,426
2,329
97
Of which: Turkey
567
488
80
435
363
72
418
315
103
(1) Including gains and losses arising from settlements.
(2) Excluding interest, which is recorded under "Interest income or expense".
The balance under the heading “Provisions - Pensions and other post-employment defined benefit obligations” of the consolidated 
balance sheet as of December 31, 2024 includes €200 million relating to post-employment benefit commitments to former members 
of the Board of Directors and the Bank’s Management (see Note 54).
The most significant commitments are those in Spain and Mexico and, to a lesser extent, in Turkey. The remaining commitments are 
located mostly in Portugal and South America. Unless otherwise required by local regulation, all defined benefit plans have been 
closed to new entrants, who instead are able to participate in the Group´s defined contribution plans.
Both the costs and the present value of the commitments are determined by independent qualified actuaries using the “projected unit 
credit” method. In order to achieve the good governance of these plans, the Group has established specific benefits committees. 
These benefit committees include members from the different areas of the business to ensure that all decisions are made taking into 
consideration all of the associated impacts.
Consolidated Financial Statements Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
152
Translation of the Consolidated Financial Statements originally issued in Spanish and prepared in accordance with EU-IFRS, as adopted 
by the European Union (see Notes 1 to 56). In the event of a discrepancy, the Spanish-language version prevails

The following table sets out the key actuarial assumptions used in the valuation of these commitments as of December 31, 2024, 
2023 and 2022:
Actuarial assumptions (%)
2024
2023
2022
Spain
Mexico
Turkey
Spain 
Mexico
Turkey
Spain
Mexico
Turkey
Discount rate
 3.25 %
 12.11 %
 31.02 %
 3.43 %
 10.44 %
 25.60 %
 3.91 %
 10.68 %
 17.79 %
Rate of salary increase
 — 
 4.50 %
 27.80 %
 — 
 4.50 %
 23.44 %
 — 
 4.50 %
 15.86 %
Rate of pension increase
 — 
 3.92 %
 26.30 %
 — 
 4.14 %
 21.94 %
 — 
 4.41 %
 14.36 %
Medical cost trend rate
 — 
 8.00 %
 30.50 %
 — 
 8.04 %
 26.14 %
 — 
 8.04 %
 18.56 %
Mortality tables
PER 2020
EMSSA09
TUIK 2022
PER 2020
EMSSA09
TUIK 2019
PER 2020
EMSSA09
TUIK 2019
In Spain, the discount rate shown as of December 31, 2024, corresponds to the discount rate for long-term commitments, with the 
discount rate used for short-term commitments being 2.75%.
Discount rates used to value future benefit cash flows have been determined by reference to high quality corporate bonds (see Note 
2.2.13) denominated in Euro in the case of Spain and Mexican peso for Mexico, and government bonds denominated in Turkish Lira 
for Turkey. The expected return on plan assets has been set in line with the adopted discount rate. Assumed retirement ages have 
been set by reference to the earliest age at which employees are entitled to retire, the contractually agreed age in the case of early 
retirements in Spain or by using retirement rates.
Changes in the main actuarial assumptions may affect the valuation of the commitments. The table below shows the sensitivity of the 
benefit obligations to changes in the key assumptions:
Sensitivity analysis (Millions of Euros)
Basis points 
change
2024
2023
2022
Increase
Decrease
Increase
Decrease
Increase
Decrease
Discount rate
50
(213)
232
(265)
291
(321)
350
Rate of salary increase
50
4
(4)
4
(4)
1
(1)
Rate of pension increase
50
27
(26)
34
(32)
32
(39)
Medical cost trend rate
50
102
(93)
141
(126)
119
(106)
Change in obligation from each 
additional year of longevity
120
—
134
—
113
—
The sensitivities provided above have been determined at the date of these consolidated financial statements, and reflect solely the 
impact of changing one individual assumption at a time, keeping the rest of the assumptions unchanged, thereby excluding the 
effects which may result from combined assumption changes.
In addition to the commitments to employees shown above, the Group has other less material long-term employee benefits. These 
include leaves and long-service awards, which consist of either an established monetary award or some vacation days granted to 
certain groups of employees when they complete a given number of years of service. Additionally, a fund related to the collective 
layoff procedure that was carried out in Banco Bilbao Vizcaya Argentaria, S.A. was created in 2021. As of December 31, 2024, 2023 
and 2022, the actuarial liabilities for the outstanding awards amounted to €384 million, €435 million and €466 million, respectively. 
These commitments are recorded under the heading "Provisions - Other long-term employee benefits" of the consolidated balance 
sheet (see Note 24).
25.1.1
Post-employment commitments and similar obligations
These commitments relate mostly to pension payments, and which have been determined based on salary and years of service. For 
most plans, pension payments are due on retirement, death and long term disability.
Additionally, there are commitments with early retired personnel from Spanish companies of the Group. These commitments include 
the compensation and indemnities due as well as the contributions payable to external pension funds during the early retirement 
period. As of December 31, 2024, 2023 and 2022, the value of these commitments amounted to €271 million, €412 million and €606 
million, respectively.
Consolidated Financial Statements Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
153
Translation of the Consolidated Financial Statements originally issued in Spanish and prepared in accordance with EU-IFRS, as adopted 
by the European Union (see Notes 1 to 56). In the event of a discrepancy, the Spanish-language version prevails

The change in the benefit plan obligations and plan assets during the year ended December 31, 2024 was as follows:
Post-employment commitments 2024 (Millions of Euros)
Spain
Mexico
Turkey
Rest of the 
world
Defined benefit obligation
Balance at the beginning
2,310
1,269
435
247
Current service cost
4
10
18
3
Interest income or expense
73
118
105
9
Contributions by plan participants
—
—
14
2
Employer contributions
—
—
—
—
Past service costs (1)
—
—
3
4
Remeasurements:
24
14
83
9
Return on plan assets (2)
—
—
—
—
From changes in demographic assumptions
—
2
(15)
—
From changes in financial assumptions
34
(10)
(97)
3
Other actuarial gains and losses
(10)
22
195
6
Benefit payments
(341)
(109)
(32)
(12)
Settlement payments
—
(1)
—
—
Business combinations and disposals
—
—
—
—
Effect on changes in foreign exchange rates
—
(177)
(48)
(2)
Conversions to defined contributions
—
—
—
—
Other effects
8
—
(11)
—
Balance at the end
2,078
1,124
567
260
Of which: Vested benefit obligation relating to current employees
72
Of which: Vested benefit obligation relating to retired employees
2,006
Plan Assets
Balance at the beginning
129
958
363
224
Current service cost
—
—
—
—
Interest income or expense
4
87
89
7
Contributions by plan participants
—
—
14
2
Employer contributions
—
68
39
22
Past service costs (1)
—
—
—
—
Remeasurements:
1
(125)
50
(10)
Return on plan assets (2)
1
(125)
50
(10)
From changes in demographic assumptions
—
—
—
—
From changes in financial assumptions
—
—
—
—
Other actuarial gains and losses
—
—
—
—
Benefit payments
(20)
(108)
(20)
(11)
Settlement payments
—
(1)
—
—
Business combinations and disposals
—
—
—
—
Effect on changes in foreign exchange rates
—
(132)
(40)
—
Conversions to defined contributions
—
—
—
—
Other effects
—
—
(7)
—
Balance at the end
114
748
488
234
Net liability (asset)
Balance at the beginning
2,181
311
72
23
Current service cost
4
10
18
3
Interest income or expense
69
30
16
2
Contributions by plan participants
—
—
—
—
Employer contributions
—
(68)
(39)
(22)
Past service costs (1)
—
—
3
4
Remeasurements:
23
139
32
19
Return on plan assets (2)
(1)
125
(50)
10
From changes in demographic assumptions
—
2
(15)
—
From changes in financial assumptions
34
(10)
(97)
3
Other actuarial gains and losses
(10)
22
195
6
Benefit payments
(321)
—
(11)
(1)
Settlement payments
—
—
—
—
Business combinations and disposals
—
—
—
—
Effect on changes in foreign exchange rates
—
(45)
(8)
(2)
Conversions to defined contributions
—
—
—
—
Other effects
8
—
(4)
—
Balance at the end
1,964
377
80
26
(1) Including gains and losses arising from settlements.
(2) Excluding interest, which is recorded under "Interest income or expense".
Consolidated Financial Statements Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
154
Translation of the Consolidated Financial Statements originally issued in Spanish and prepared in accordance with EU-IFRS, as adopted 
by the European Union (see Notes 1 to 56). In the event of a discrepancy, the Spanish-language version prevails

The change in net liabilities (assets) during the years ended December 31, 2023 and 2022 was as follows:
Post-employment commitments (Millions of Euros)
2023: Net liability (assets)
2022: Net liability (assets)
Spain
Mexico
Turkey
Rest of the 
world
Spain
Mexico
Turkey
Rest of the 
world
Balance at the beginning
2,399
132
103
25
3,464
124
63
24
Current service cost
3
9
17
3
4
7
13
3
Interest income or expense
85
17
8
2
51
14
10
4
Contributions by plan participants
—
—
—
—
—
—
—
—
Employer contributions
—
(37)
(23)
(29)
—
(41)
(22)
(3)
Past service costs (1)
—
—
33
3
—
1
2
3
Remeasurements:
67
175
32
21
(643)
152
62
(1)
Return on plan assets (2)
—
19
(129)
25
34
45
(104)
121
From changes in demographic assumptions
—
—
(14)
(2)
—
—
(37)
8
From changes in financial assumptions
78
114
10
(10)
(643)
73
82
(132)
Other actuarial gains and losses
(11)
42
165
8
(34)
34
122
2
Benefit payments
(379)
—
(43)
(1)
(484)
—
(6)
(1)
Settlement payments
—
—
—
(1)
—
—
—
—
Business combinations and disposals
—
—
—
(1)
—
(139)
—
—
Effect on changes in foreign exchange rates
—
15
(40)
1
—
13
(18)
(3)
Conversions to defined contributions
—
—
—
—
—
—
—
—
Other effects
6
—
(14)
—
7
—
—
—
Balance at the end
2,181
311
72
23
2,399
132
103
25
(1) Includes gains and losses from settlements.
(2) Excludes interest which is reflected in the line item “Interest income and expense”.
In Spain, local regulation requires that pension and death benefit commitments must be funded, either through a qualified pension 
plan or an insurance contract.
In the Spanish entities these commitments are covered by insurance contracts which meet the requirements of the accounting 
standard regarding the non-recoverability of contributions. However, a significant number of the insurance contracts are with BBVA 
Seguros, S.A. (a consolidated subsidiary and related party) and consequently these policies cannot be considered plan assets under 
IAS 19. For this reason, the liabilities insured under these policies are fully recognized under the heading "Provisions – Pensions and 
other post-employment defined benefit obligations" of the consolidated balance sheet (see Note 24), while the related assets held by 
the insurance company are included within the Group´s consolidated assets (recorded according to the classification of the 
corresponding financial instruments). As of December 31, 2024 the value of these separate assets was €1,553 million, (€1,631 million 
and €1,656 million as of December 31, 2023 and 2022, respectively) representing direct rights of the insured employees held in the 
consolidated balance sheet, hence these benefits are effectively fully funded.
On the other hand, some pension commitments have been funded through insurance contracts with insurance companies not related 
to the Group. In this case the consolidated balance sheet reflects the value of the obligations net of the fair value of the qualifying 
insurance policies. As of December 31, 2024, 2023 and 2022, the value of the aforementioned insurance policies (€114, €130 and 
€147 million, respectively) exactly match the value of the corresponding obligations and therefore no amount for this item has been 
recorded in the consolidated balance sheet.
Pension benefits are paid by the insurance companies with whom BBVA has insurance contracts and to whom all insurance premiums 
have been paid. The premiums are determined by the insurance companies using cash flow matching techniques to ensure that 
benefits can be met when due, guaranteeing both the actuarial and interest rate risk.
In Mexico, there is a defined benefit plan for employees hired prior to 2001. Other employees participate in a defined contribution 
plan. External funds/trusts have been constituted locally to meet benefit payments as required by local regulation.
In 2008, the Turkish government passed a law to unify the different existing pension systems under a single umbrella Social Security 
system. Such system provides for the transfer of the various previously established funds. The financial sector is in this stage at 
present, maintaining these pension commitments managed by external pension funds (foundations) established for that purpose.
The foundation that maintains the assets and liabilities relating to employees of Garanti BBVA in Turkey, as per the local regulatory 
requirements, has recognized an obligation amounting to €382 million as of December 31, 2024 pending future transfer to the Social 
Security system. Furthermore, Garanti BBVA has set up a defined benefit pension plan for employees, additional to the social security 
benefits, reflected in the consolidated balance sheet.
Consolidated Financial Statements Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
155
Translation of the Consolidated Financial Statements originally issued in Spanish and prepared in accordance with EU-IFRS, as adopted 
by the European Union (see Notes 1 to 56). In the event of a discrepancy, the Spanish-language version prevails

25.1.2
Medical benefit commitments
The change in defined benefit obligations and plan assets during the years 2024, 2023 and 2022 was as follows:
Medical benefits commitments (Millions of Euros)
2024
2023
2022
Defined 
benefit 
obligation
Plan 
assets
Net liability 
(asset)
Defined 
benefit 
obligation
Plan 
assets
Net 
liability 
(asset)
Defined 
benefit 
obligation
Plan 
assets
Net 
liability 
(asset)
Balance at the beginning
1,728
1,744
(16)
1,448
1,476
(28)
1,377
1,494
(116)
Current service cost
18
—
18
20
—
20
19
—
19
Interest income or expense
167
168
(2)
167
165
2
144
157
(14)
Contributions by plan participants
—
—
—
—
—
—
—
—
—
Employer contributions
—
15
(15)
—
17
(17)
—
—
—
Past service costs (1)
—
—
—
—
—
—
28
—
28
Remeasurements:
(333)
(247)
(86)
(5)
(17)
12
(215)
(144)
(71)
Return on plan assets (2)
—
(247)
247
—
(17)
17
—
(144)
144
From changes in demographic 
assumptions
15
—
15
(70)
—
(70)
—
—
—
From changes in financial 
assumptions
(293)
—
(293)
56
—
56
(191)
—
(191)
Other actuarial gain and losses
(55)
—
(55)
8
—
8
(23)
—
(23)
Benefit payments
(71)
(70)
—
(70)
(70)
—
(60)
(60)
—
Settlement payments
—
—
—
—
—
—
—
—
—
Business combinations and disposals
—
—
—
—
—
—
—
(139)
139
Effect on changes in foreign exchange 
rates
(240)
(243)
3
168
173
(5)
155
167
(11)
Other effects
—
—
—
—
—
—
—
—
—
Balance at the end
1,269
1,367
(98)
1,728
1,744
(16)
1,448
1,476
(28)
(1) Including gains and losses arising from settlements.
(2) Excluding interest, which is recorded under "Interest income or expense".
In Mexico, there is a medical benefit plan for employees hired prior to 2007. New employees from 2007 are covered by a medical 
insurance policy. An external trust has been constituted locally to fund the plan, in accordance with local legislation and Group policy.
In Turkey, employees are currently provided with medical benefits through a foundation in collaboration with the Social Security 
system, although local legislation prescribes the future unification of this and similar systems into the general Social Security system 
itself.
The valuation of these benefits and their accounting treatment follow the same methodology as that employed in the valuation of 
pension commitments.
25.1.3
Estimated benefit payments
As of December 31, 2024, the estimated benefit payments over the next ten years for all the entities in Spain, Mexico and Turkey are 
as follows:
Estimated benefit payments (Millions of Euros)
2025
2026
2027
2028
2029
2030 - 2034
Commitments in Spain
422
278
242
210
181
618
Commitments in Mexico
196
207
215
225
235
1,331
Commitments in Turkey
28
30
37
47
60
696
Total 
645
514
495
482
477
2,645
25.1.4
Plan assets 
The majority of the Group´s defined benefit plans are funded by plan assets held in external funds/trusts legally separate from the 
Group sponsoring entity. However, in accordance with local regulation, some commitments are not externally funded and covered 
through internally held provisions, principally those relating to early retirements.
Consolidated Financial Statements Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
156
Translation of the Consolidated Financial Statements originally issued in Spanish and prepared in accordance with EU-IFRS, as adopted 
by the European Union (see Notes 1 to 56). In the event of a discrepancy, the Spanish-language version prevails

Plan assets are those assets which will be used to directly settle the assumed commitments and which meet the following conditions: 
they are not part of the Group sponsoring entities assets, they are available only to pay post-employment benefits and they cannot be 
returned to the Group sponsoring entity.
To manage the assets associated with defined benefit plans, BBVA Group has established investment policies designed according to 
criteria of prudence and minimizing the financial risks associated with plan assets.
The investment policy consists of investing in a low risk and diversified portfolio of assets with maturities consistent with the term of 
the benefit obligation and which, together with contributions made to the plan, will be sufficient to meet benefit payments when due, 
thus mitigating the plans‘ risks.
In those countries where plan assets are held in pension funds or trusts, the investment policy is developed consistently with local 
regulation. When selecting specific assets, current market conditions, the risk profile of the assets and their future market outlook are 
all taken into consideration. In all the cases, the selection of assets takes into consideration the term of the benefit obligations as well 
as short-term liquidity requirements.
The risks associated with these commitments are those which give rise to a deficit in the plan assets. A deficit could arise from factors 
such as a fall in the market value of plan assets, an increase in long-term interest rates leading to a decrease in the fair value of fixed 
income securities, or a deterioration of the economy resulting in more write-downs and credit rating downgrades.
The table below shows the allocation of plan assets of the main companies of the BBVA Group as of December 31, 2024, 2023 and 
2022:
Plan assets breakdown (Millions of Euros)
2024
2023
2022
Cash and cash equivalents
60
86
169
Debt securities (government bonds)
2,267
2,818
2,270
Mutual funds
1
—
—
Asset-backed securities
—
—
—
Structured debt
—
—
—
Insurance contracts
21
21
183
Total
2,349
2,924
2,622
Of which: Bank account in BBVA
25
23
7
Of which: Debt securities issued by BBVA
—
—
—
Of which: Property occupied by BBVA
—
—
—
In addition to the above there are plan assets relating to the previously mentioned insurance contracts in Spain and the foundation in 
Turkey.
The following table provides details of investments in listed securities (Level 1) as of December 31, 2024, 2023 and 2022:
Investments in listed markets (Millions of Euros)
2024
2023
2022
Cash and cash equivalents
60
86
169
Debt securities (Government bonds)
2,267
2,818
2,270
Mutual funds
1
—
—
Total
2,328
2,904
2,439
Of which: Bank account in BBVA
25
23
7
Of which: Debt securities issued by BBVA
—
—
—
Of which: Property occupied by BBVA
—
—
—
The remainder of the assets are mainly invested in Level 2 assets in in accordance with the classification established under IFRS 13 
(mainly insurance contracts). As of December 31, 2024, almost all of the assets related to employee commitments corresponded to 
fixed income securities.
25.2
Defined contribution plans
Certain Group entities sponsor defined contribution plans. Some of these plans allow employees to make contributions which are 
then matched by the employer.
Contributions are recognized as and when they are accrued, with a charge to the consolidated income statement in the corresponding 
year. No liability is therefore recognized in the consolidated balance sheet (see Note 44.1).
Consolidated Financial Statements Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
157
Translation of the Consolidated Financial Statements originally issued in Spanish and prepared in accordance with EU-IFRS, as adopted 
by the European Union (see Notes 1 to 56). In the event of a discrepancy, the Spanish-language version prevails

26.
Capital
As of December 31, 2024 and 2023 BBVA’s share capital amounted to €2,824,009,877.85 and €2,860,590,786.20 divided into 
5,763,285,465 and 5,837,940,380 shares, respectively; while as of December 31, 2022 BBVA’s share capital amounted to 
€2.954.757.116,36 divided into 6.030.116.564 shares. These decreases have been the result of the partial execution of the share 
capital reduction resolution adopted by the Ordinary Annual General Shareholders' Meeting of BBVA held on March 15, 2024, under 
item 3 of the agenda notified on May 24, 2024; of the partial executions of the share capital reduction resolution adopted by the 
Ordinary Annual General Shareholders' Meeting of BBVA held on March 17, 2023, under item 3 of the agenda notified on June 2, 2023 
and on December 19, 2023; and of the partial executions of the share capital reduction resolution adopted by the Annual General 
Shareholders' Meeting of BBVA held on March 18, 2022, under item seven of its agenda, which were notified by means of Other 
Relevant Information on June 15, 2022 and on September 30, 2022 (see Note 4).
As of December 31, 2024, 2023 and 2022, the shares were fully subscribed and paid-up, of the same class and series, of €0.49 par 
value each, and represented through book-entry accounts. All of the Bank´s shares carry the same voting and dividend rights, and no 
single stockholder enjoys special voting rights. Each and every share is part of the Bank’s capital.
The Bank’s shares are traded on the stock markets of Madrid, Barcelona, Bilbao and Valencia through the Sistema de Interconexión 
Bursátil Español (Mercado Continuo), as well as on the London and Mexico stock markets. BBVA American Depositary Shares (ADSs) 
traded on the New York Stock Exchange under the ticker “BBVA”. 
Additionally, as of December 31, 2024, the shares of Banco BBVA Peru, S.A., BBVA Banco Provincial, S.A., Banco BBVA Colombia, 
S.A., Banco BBVA Argentina, S.A., and Garanti BBVA A.S., were listed on their respective local stock markets. Banco BBVA Argentina, 
S.A. was also quoted in the Latin American market (Latibex) of the Madrid Stock Exchange and the New York Stock Exchange. Also, 
the Depositary Receipts (“DR”) of Garanti BBVA, A.S. are listed in the London Stock Exchange. BBVA is also currently included, 
amongst other indexes, in the IBEX 35® Index, which is made up by the 35 most liquid securities traded on the Spanish Market and, 
technically, it is a price index that is weighted by capitalization and adjusted according to the free float of each company comprised in 
the index.
As of December 31, 2024, State Street Bank and Trust Company, JPMorgan Chase, The Bank of New York Mellon and Northern Trust 
Company, in their capacity as international custodian/depositary banks, held 13.82%, 12.57%, 10.76%, and 3.25% of BBVA common 
stock, respectively. Of said positions held by the custodian banks, BBVA is not aware of any individual shareholders with direct or 
indirect holdings greater than or equal to 3% of BBVA common stock outstanding.
On October 4, 2024, Blackrock, Inc. reported to the CNMV that it had an indirect holding of BBVA common stock totaling 6.800%, of 
which 6.680% were voting rights attributed to shares and 0.120% were voting rights held through financial instruments.
On March 26, 2024, Capital Research and Management Company reported to the CNMV that it had an indirect holding of BBVA 
common stock totaling 5.027 %, corresponding to voting rights attributed to shares.
On November 25, 2024, Europacific Growth Fund reported to the CNMV that it had a direct holding of BBVA common stock totaling 
3.010 %, corresponding to voting rights attributed to shares.
BBVA is not aware of any direct or indirect interests through which control of the Bank may be exercised. Furthermore, BBVA has not 
received any information on stockholder agreements including the regulation of the exercise of voting rights at its Annual General 
Shareholders' Meetings or restricting or placing conditions on the free transferability of BBVA shares. No agreement is known to 
BBVA that could give rise to changes in the control of the Bank.
BBVA banking subsidiaries, associates and joint ventures worldwide, are subject to supervision and regulation from a variety of 
regulatory bodies in relation to, among other aspects, the satisfaction of minimum capital requirements. The obligation to satisfy such 
capital requirements may affect the ability of such entities to transfer funds in the form of cash dividends, loans or advances. In 
addition, under the laws of the various jurisdictions where such entities are incorporated, dividends may only be paid out through 
funds legally available for such purpose. Even when the minimum capital requirements are met and funds are legally available, the 
relevant regulators or other public administrations could discourage or delay the transfer of funds to the Group in the form of cash, 
dividends, loans or advances for prudential reasons.
Resolutions adopted by the Annual General Shareholders' Meeting 
Capital increase
BBVA's Annual General Shareholders' Meeting held on March 18, 2022 resolved, under agenda item four, to confer authority on the 
Board of Directors of BBVA to increase BBVA's share capital, on one or several occasions, within the legal term of five years to be 
counted as from the date on which this resolution was adopted, up to the maximum amount corresponding to 50% of BBVA's share 
capital at the time of this authorization. Likewise, the Annual General Shareholders' Meeting resolved to confer on the Board of 
Directors authority to totally or partially exclude shareholders' pre-emptive subscription rights within the framework of a specific 
issue of shares that may be made thereunder.
Consolidated Financial Statements Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
158
Translation of the Consolidated Financial Statements originally issued in Spanish and prepared in accordance with EU-IFRS, as adopted 
by the European Union (see Notes 1 to 56). In the event of a discrepancy, the Spanish-language version prevails

However, the power to exclude pre-emptive subscription rights was limited, such that the nominal amount of any share capital 
increases resolved or effectively carried out with the exclusion of pre-emptive subscription rights and those that may be resolved or 
carried out to cover the conversion of convertible issuances that may equally be made with the exclusion of pre-emptive subscription 
rights in use of the authority delegated to issue convertible securities (other than contingently convertible securities, envisaged to 
meet regulatory requirements for their eligibility as capital instruments (CoCo)) as resolved by BBVA's Annual General Shareholders' 
Meeting held on March 18, 2022 under agenda item five and which is described in Note 22.4.1 (without prejudice to anti-dilution 
adjustments), may not exceed the nominal maximum overall amount of 10% of BBVA's share capital at the time of this authorization. 
This authority repealed the authority conferred by the Annual General Shareholders' Meeting held on March 17, 2017 under its agenda 
item four, which BBVA did not use. 
As of the date of preparation of these Consolidated Financial Statements, the Bank has not made use of the delegation granted by the 
General Shareholders' Meeting.
The Extraordinary General Shareholders' Meeting of BBVA held on July 5, 2024 resolved, under item one of the agenda, to authorize 
an increase in BBVA’s share capital for up to a maximum nominal amount of €551,906,524.05 by issuing and putting into circulation 
up to 1,126,339,845 ordinary shares with a par value of €0.49 each, of the same class and series, and with the same rights as the 
outstanding shares at such date, represented in book-entry form, with non-cash contributions for the purposes of covering the 
consideration of the voluntary tender offer for the acquisition of up to 100% of the shares of Banco de Sabadell, S.A. announced by 
BBVA (see Note 3). This capital increase has not been executed as of the date of preparation of these Consolidated Financial 
Statements.
Capital Decrease
BBVA's Annual General Shareholders' Meeting held on March 18, 2022 resolved, under agenda item seven, to approve the share 
capital reduction of BBVA by up to a maximum amount of 10% of the share capital on the date of this resolution, through the 
redemption of own shares acquired derivatively by BBVA, both those acquired by virtue of the authorization granted by the BBVA 
Annual General Shareholders' Meeting held on March 16, 2018 under item three of the agenda, and those that were acquired by virtue 
of the authorization granted by the General Shareholders' Meeting held on March 18, 2022 under item six of the agenda, from that 
date, through any mechanism whose objective or purpose is redemption. Pursuant to the resolution, its implementation period ended 
on the date of the following Annual General Shareholders' Meeting, being rendered null and void from that date in respect of the 
amount not executed. The Annual General Shareholders' Meeting conferred authority on the Board of Directors of BBVA, with sub-
delegation powers, to totally or partially execute the aforementioned share capital reduction, on one or more occasions, repealing the 
resolution adopted by the Annual General Shareholders' Meeting held on April 20, 2021 under agenda item six, which BBVA did not 
use. 
In the execution of said resolution (see Note 4), BBVA has executed the following share capital reductions: 
–
On June 15, 2022, BBVA notified the partial execution of the resolution through the reduction of BBVA’s share capital in a 
nominal amount of €137,797,167.90 and the consequent redemption, charged to unrestricted reserves, of 281,218,710 own 
shares of €0.49 par value each acquired derivatively by the Bank in execution of the First Tranche of the Program Scheme 
and which were held as treasury shares.
–
On September 30, 2022, BBVA notified the second partial execution of the resolution through the reduction of BBVA’s 
share capital in a nominal amount of €174,710,139.94 and the consequent redemption, charged to unrestricted reserves, of 
356,551,306 own shares of €0.49 par value each acquired derivatively by the Bank in execution of the Second Tranche of 
the Program Scheme and which were held as treasury shares.
BBVA's Annual General Shareholders' Meeting held on March 17, 2023 resolved, under agenda item three, to approve the share 
capital reduction of BBVA by up to a maximum amount of 10% of the share capital on the date of this resolution, through the 
redemption of own shares acquired derivatively by BBVA by virtue of the authorization granted by the General Shareholders' Meeting 
held on March 18, 2022 under item six of the agenda, through any mechanism whose objective or purpose is redemption. Pursuant to 
the resolution, its implementation period ended on the date of the following Annual General Shareholders' Meeting, being rendered 
null and void from that date in respect of the amount not executed. The Annual General Shareholders' Meeting conferred authority on 
the Board of Directors of BBVA, with sub-delegation powers, to totally or partially execute the aforementioned share capital 
reduction, on one or more occasions, repealing the resolution adopted by the Annual General Shareholders' Meeting held on March 
18, 2022, under agenda item seven, whose executions are described above. 
In the execution of said resolution, (see Note 4), BBVA has executed the following share capital reductions: 
–
On June 2, 2023, BBVA notified the partial execution of the resolution through the reduction of BBVA’s share capital in a 
nominal amount of €31,675,343.91 and the consequent redemption, charged to unrestricted reserves, of 64,643,559 own 
shares of €0.49 par value each acquired derivatively by the Bank in execution of a share buyback program and which were 
held as treasury shares.
–
On December 19, 2023, BBVA notified the second partial execution of the resolution through the reduction of BBVA’s share 
capital in a nominal amount of €62,490,986.25 and the consequent redemption, charged to unrestricted reserves, of 
127,532,625 own shares of €0.49 par value each acquired derivatively by the Bank in execution of a share buyback program 
and which were held as treasury share.
Consolidated Financial Statements Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
159
Translation of the Consolidated Financial Statements originally issued in Spanish and prepared in accordance with EU-IFRS, as adopted 
by the European Union (see Notes 1 to 56). In the event of a discrepancy, the Spanish-language version prevails

BBVA Annual General Shareholders' Meeting held on March 15, 2024 resolved, under agenda item three, to approve the share capital 
reduction of BBVA by up to a maximum amount of 10% of the share capital on the date of this resolution, through the redemption of 
own shares acquired derivatively by BBVA by virtue of the authorization granted by the General Shareholders' Meeting held on March 
18, 2022 under item six of the agenda, through any mechanism whose objective or purpose is redemption. Pursuant to the resolution, 
its implementation period will end on the date of the following Annual General Shareholders' Meeting, being rendered null and void 
from that date in respect of the amount not executed. The Annual General Shareholders' Meeting conferred authority on the Board of 
Directors of BBVA, with sub-delegation powers, to totally or partially execute the aforementioned share capital reduction, on one or 
more occasions, repealing the resolution adopted by the Annual General Shareholders' Meeting held on March 17, 2023, under 
agenda item three, whose executions are described above. 
In the execution of the Annual General Shareholders' Meeting held on March 15, 2024, BBVA has executed the following share capital 
reduction (see Note 4):
–
On May 24, 2024 BBVA notified the partial execution of the resolution through the reduction of BBVA's share capital in a 
nominal amount of €36,580,908.35 and the consequent redemption, charged to unrestricted reserves, of 74,654,915 own 
shares of €0.49 par value each acquired derivatively by the Bank in execution of a share buyback program and which were 
held as treasury shares.
Convertible and/or exchangeable securities:
Note 22.4 introduces the details of the convertible and/or exchangeable securities.
27.
Share premium
As of December 31, 2024, the balance under this heading in the consolidated balance sheets was €19,184 million. As of December 31, 
2023 and 2022, the balance under this heading was €19,769 million and €20,856 million, respectively (see Note 4). 
The amended Spanish Corporation Act expressly permits the use of the share premium balance to increase capital and establishes no 
specific restrictions as to its use (see Note 26).
28.
Retained earnings and other reserves 
28.1
Breakdown of the balance 
The breakdown of the balance under this heading in the consolidated balance sheets is as follows:
Retained earnings and other reserves. Breakdown by concepts (Millions of Euros)
2024
2023
2022
Legal reserve
565
572
591
Restricted reserve 
582
561
482
Voluntary reserves
6,470
5,478
3,906
Total reserves holding company ⁽¹⁾
7,616
6,612
4,979
Consolidation reserves attributed to the Bank and subsidiary consolidated companies
34,891
31,639
30,077
Total 
42,507
38,251
35,056
(1) Total reserves of BBVA, S.A. (See Appendix IX).
28.2 Legal reserve 
Under the amended Spanish Corporations Act, 10% of any profit made each year must be transferred to the legal reserve. The 
transfer must be made until the legal reserve reaches 20% of the common stock.
The legal reserve can be used to increase the common stock provided that the remaining reserve balance does not fall below 10% of 
the increased capital. While it does not exceed 20% of the common stock, it can only be allocated to offset losses exclusively in the 
case that there are not sufficient reserves available.
Consolidated Financial Statements Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
160
Translation of the Consolidated Financial Statements originally issued in Spanish and prepared in accordance with EU-IFRS, as adopted 
by the European Union (see Notes 1 to 56). In the event of a discrepancy, the Spanish-language version prevails

28.3
Restricted reserves 
As of December 31, 2024, 2023 and 2022, the Bank’s restricted reserves are as follows:
Restricted reserves. Breakdown by concepts (Millions of Euros)
2024
2023
2022
Restricted reserve for retired capital
531
495
400
Restricted reserve for Parent Company shares and loans for those shares
49
65
80
Restricted reserve for redenomination of capital in euros
2
2
2
Total 
582
561
482
The restricted reserve for retired capital includes the partial executions of the capital reduction resolutions adopted by BBVA's 
General Shareholders' Meeting held on March 15, 2024, March 17, 2023 and March 18, 2022, respectively (see Note 26). 
The second heading corresponds to restricted reserves related to the amount of shares issued by the Bank in its possession at each 
date, as well as the amount of customer loans outstanding at those dates that were granted for the purchase of, or are secured by, the 
parent company shares. 
Finally, pursuant to Law 46/1998 on the Introduction of the Euro, a restricted reserve is recognized as a result of the rounding effect 
of the redenomination of the parent company common stock in euros.
28.4
Retained earnings and other reserves by entity
The breakdown, by company or corporate group, under the headings “Retained earnings” and “other reserves” in the consolidated 
balance sheets is as follows:
Retained earnings and other reserves. Breakdown by company or corporate group (Millions of Euros)
2024
2023
2022
Retained earnings (losses), revaluation reserves and other reserves
Holding Company 
18,157
15,672
14,003
BBVA Mexico Group
17,209
15,705
14,042
Garanti BBVA Group
6,065
5,857
5,703
BBVA Provincial Group
1,774
1,758
1,720
BBVA Argentina Group
1,315
1,474
1,456
BBVA Colombia Group
1,639
1,573
1,489
BBVA Peru Group
1,245
1,158
1,065
Forum Chile Group
663
652
632
BBVA Uruguay Group
166
139
118
BV America, S.L.
469
374
299
Corporación General Financiera, S.A.
410
368
338
BBVA Seguros, S.A.
(16)
306
284
Bilbao Vizcaya Holding, S.A.
205
198
144
BBVA Tecnology América S.A.
92
87
85
Pecri Inversión, S.L.
(10)
(17)
119
Anida Operaciones Singulares, S.A.
(5,524)
(5,497)
(5,529)
Other Real State Spanish Companies ⁽¹⁾
(1,152)
(1,164)
(909)
Other
28
(155)
217
Subtotal
42,734
38,488
35,277
Other reserves or accumulated losses of investments in joint ventures 
and associates
ATOM Holdco Limited
(169)
(181)
(169)
Metrovacesa, S.A.
(84)
(84)
(84)
Other
26
28
32
Subtotal
(227)
(237)
(221)
Total 
42,507
38,251
35,057
(1) Includes balances corresponding to Sociedades inmobiliarias CX, Anida Grupo Inmobiliario and Sociedades inmobiliarias Unnim.
Consolidated Financial Statements Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
161
Translation of the Consolidated Financial Statements originally issued in Spanish and prepared in accordance with EU-IFRS, as adopted 
by the European Union (see Notes 1 to 56). In the event of a discrepancy, the Spanish-language version prevails

For the purpose of allocating the reserves and accumulated losses to the consolidated entities and to the parent company, the 
transfers of reserves arising from the dividends paid and transactions between these entities are taken into account in the period in 
which they took place. 
29.
Treasury shares
In the years ended December 31, 2024, 2023 and 2022 the Group entities performed the following transactions with shares issued by 
the Bank:
Treasury shares (Millions of Euros)
2024
2023
2022
Number of 
Shares
Millions 
of Euros
Number of 
Shares
Millions 
of Euros
Number of 
Shares
Millions 
of Euros
Balance at beginning
4,386,625
34
5,485,414
29
127,633,399
647
 + Purchases
154,564,499
1,528
301,882,728
2,166
598,457,024
2,966
 - Sales and other changes
(152,284,268)
(1,497)
(302,981,517)
(2,161)
(720,605,009)
(3,583)
Balance at the end
6,666,856
66
4,386,625
34
5,485,414
29
Of which:
Held by BBVA, S.A.
410,370
7
—
3
—
3
Held by Corporación General 
Financiera, S.A.
6,256,486
59
4,354,004
31
5,454,516
26
Held by other subsidiaries
—
—
32,621
—
30,898
—
Average purchase price in Euros
9.89
—
7.18
—
4.96
—
Average selling price in Euros (including 
other changes)
9.89
—
7.14
—
4.99
—
Net gains or losses on transactions 
(Shareholders' funds-Reserves)
10
1
9
 In 2024, 2023 and 2022 there were transactions included in the share buyback program (see Note 4).
The percentages of treasury shares held by the Group in the years ended December 31, 2024, 2023 and 2022 are as follows: 
Treasury Share
2024
2023
2022
Min
Max
Closing
Min
Max
Closing
Min
Max
Closing
% treasury share
 0.076 %
 1.513 %
 0.116 %  0.038 %
 2.214 %  0.075 %  0.078 %  7.492 %  0.094 %
The number of BBVA shares accepted by the Group in pledge of loans as of December 31, 2024, 2023 and 2022 is as follows:
Shares of BBVA accepted in pledge
2024
2023
2022
Number of shares in pledge
13,308,677
17,492,194
23,437,363
Nominal value (in Euros)
0.49
0.49
0.49
% of share capital
 0.23 %
 0.29 %
 0.39 %
The number of BBVA shares owned by third parties but under management of a company within the Group as of December 31, 2024, 
2023 and 2022 is as follows:
Shares of BBVA owned by third parties but managed by the Group
2024
2023
2022
Number of shares owned by third parties
11,834,596
13,258,994
18,686,027
Nominal value (in Euros)
0.49
0.49
0.49
% of share capital
 0.21 %
 0.23 %
 0.31 %
Consolidated Financial Statements Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
162
Translation of the Consolidated Financial Statements originally issued in Spanish and prepared in accordance with EU-IFRS, as adopted 
by the European Union (see Notes 1 to 56). In the event of a discrepancy, the Spanish-language version prevails

30.
Accumulated other comprehensive income (loss)
The breakdown of the balance under this heading in the consolidated balance sheets is as follows:
Accumulated other comprehensive income (loss). Breakdown by concepts (Millions of Euros)
Notes
2024
2023
2022
Items that will not be reclassified to profit or loss
(1,988)
(2,105)
(1,881)
Actuarial gains (losses) on defined benefit pension plans
(1,067)
(1,049)
(760)
Fair value changes of equity instruments measured at fair value through 
other comprehensive income
13.4
(905)
(1,112)
(1,194)
Fair value changes of financial liabilities at fair value through profit or loss 
attributable to changes in their credit risk 
(17)
55
72
Items that may be reclassified to profit or loss
(15,232)
(14,148)
(15,760)
Hedge of net investments in foreign operations (effective portion)
(2,329)
(2,498)
(1,408)
Mexican peso
(2,697)
(3,147)
(1,751)
Turkish lira
394
670
358
Other exchanges
(25)
(21)
(15)
Foreign currency translation 
(12,702)
(11,419)
(13,078)
Mexican peso
(3,644)
(640)
(2,791)
Turkish lira
(5,835)
(6,908)
(6,599)
Argentine peso
(555)
(1,296)
(868)
Venezuela Bolívar
(1,865)
(1,865)
(1,850)
Other exchanges
(803)
(711)
(969)
Hedging derivatives. Cash flow hedges (effective portion)
370
133
(447)
Fair value changes of debt instruments measured at fair value through 
other comprehensive income
13.4
(576)
(357)
(809)
Share of other recognized income and expense of investments in joint 
ventures and associates
5
(8)
(18)
Total
(17,220)
(16,254)
(17,642)
The balances recognized under these headings are presented net of tax.
The main changes in 2024 are explained by the depreciation against the euro of some of the currencies of the main geographical 
areas where the Group operates against the euro such as the Mexican peso (13.1%), Colombian peso (7.8%), the Argentine peso 
(16.8%) and the Turkish lira (11.1%) and the application of IAS 29 "Financial Reporting in Hyperinflationary Economies" in Turkey and 
Argentina (see Note 2.2.18).
31.
Minority interests (non-controlling interests)
The breakdown by groups of consolidated entities of the balance under the heading “Minority interests (non-controlling interests)” of 
total equity in the consolidated balance sheets is as follows:
Minority interests (non-controlling interests). Breakdown by subgroups (Millions of Euros)
2024
2023
2022
Garanti BBVA
1,351
1,129
1,179
BBVA Peru
1,779
1,586
1,469
BBVA Argentina
843
544
687
BBVA Colombia
60
82
73
BBVA Venezuela
134
108
95
Other entities
191
115
119
Total
4,359
3,564
3,623
Consolidated Financial Statements Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
163
Translation of the Consolidated Financial Statements originally issued in Spanish and prepared in accordance with EU-IFRS, as adopted 
by the European Union (see Notes 1 to 56). In the event of a discrepancy, the Spanish-language version prevails

These amounts are broken down by groups of consolidated entities under the heading “Attributable to minority interests (non-
controlling interests)” in the consolidated income statements:
Profit attributable to minority interests (non-controlling interests). Breakdown by subgroups (Millions of Euros)
2024
2023
2022
Garanti BBVA
116
95
28
BBVA Peru
260
236
236
BBVA Argentina
105
59
83
BBVA Colombia
(1)
(16)
5
BBVA Venezuela
32
24
22
Other entities
9
(1)
32
Total
521
397
405
Dividends distributed to minority interests of the Group during the year 2024 related to: BBVA Peru Group €129 million, BBVA 
Argentina Group €142 million, Garanti BBVA Group €60 million and other Group entities €15 million.
32.
Capital base and capital management 
32.1
Capital base
As of December 31, 2024, 2023 and 2022, own funds are calculated in accordance with the applicable regulation of each year on 
minimum capital requirements for Spanish credit institutions –both as individual entities and as consolidated group– that establish 
how to calculate them, as well as the various required internal capital adequacy assessment processes and the information required 
to be disclosed to the market.
The CET1 fully loaded ratio of the BBVA Group stood at 12.88% at the end of December 2024, representing a large management 
buffer over the Group's CET 1 requirement (9.13%) and over the Group's target management range of between 11.5 - 12% of CET 1. 
The phased-in CET 1 ratio was also 12.88%.
With regard to the minimum capital requirements applicable to the Group as of December 31, 2024, these amount to a minimum 
CET1 ratio of 9.13%, as well as a minimum total capital ratio of 13.29%. 
Following the latest decision of the SREP (Supervisory Review and Evaluation Process), which came into force on January 1, 2025, the 
ECB has notified the Group that the Pillar 2 requirement is maintained at 1.68% (of which 1.02% at least should be covered by CET1). 
In addition, the Bank of Spain has preserved the D-SIB (Domestic Systemically Important Banks) buffer requirement that the Group 
must maintain since January 1, 2025 at the same level as that in effect as of December 31, 2024. Therefore, BBVA must maintain a 
CET1 capital ratio of 9.13% and a total capital ratio of 13.29% at a consolidated level.
Consolidated Financial Statements Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
164
Translation of the Consolidated Financial Statements originally issued in Spanish and prepared in accordance with EU-IFRS, as adopted 
by the European Union (see Notes 1 to 56). In the event of a discrepancy, the Spanish-language version prevails

A reconciliation of the main figures between the accounting and regulatory own funds as of December 31, 2024, 2023 and 2022 is 
shown below:
Eligible capital resources (Millions of Euros)
Notes
2024
2023
2022
Capital
26
2,824
2,861
2,955
Share premium
27
19,184
19,769
20,856
Retained earnings, revaluation reserves and other reserves
28
42,507
38,251
35,056
Other equity instruments, net
40
40
63
Treasury shares
29
(66)
(34)
(29)
Profit (loss) attributable to the parent company
5
10,054
8,019
6,358
Interim dividend
(1,668)
(951)
(722)
Total equity
72,875
67,955
64,535
Accumulated other comprehensive income (loss)
30
(17,220)
(16,254)
(17,642)
Minority interests
31
4,359
3,564
3,623
Shareholders' equity
60,014
55,265
50,517
Goodwill and other intangible assets
(1,553)
(1,421)
(1,395)
Differences from solvency and accounting perimeter
(185)
(137)
(123)
Equity not eligible at solvency level
(185)
(137)
(123)
Other adjustments and deductions ⁽¹⁾
(7,476)
(7,591)
(6,262)
Common Equity Tier 1 (CET 1)
50,799
46,116
42,738
Additional Tier 1 before Regulatory Adjustments
6,023
6,033
5,193
Total Regulatory Adjustments to Additional Tier 1
—
—
—
Tier 1
56,822
52,150
47,931
Tier 2
9,858
8,182
5,930
Total Capital (Total Capital = Tier 1 + Tier 2)
66,680
60,332
53,861
Total Minimum equity required ⁽²⁾
52,427
47,455
43,111
(1) Other adjustments and deductions include, among others, the adjustment for non-computable minority interests, the amount of repurchases of own shares up to the 
maximum limit authorized by the ECB to the BBVA Group and the amount of dividends pending distribution.
(2) Calculated based on total minimum capital requirements applicable in each period.
Consolidated Financial Statements Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
165
Translation of the Consolidated Financial Statements originally issued in Spanish and prepared in accordance with EU-IFRS, as adopted 
by the European Union (see Notes 1 to 56). In the event of a discrepancy, the Spanish-language version prevails

The Group’s eligible own funds and risk-weighted assets (RWAs) in accordance with the aforementioned applicable regulation as of 
December 31, 2024, 2023 and 2022 are shown below:
Amount of capital CC1 (Millions of Euros)
2024
2023
2022 ⁽¹⁾
Capital and share premium 
22,008
22,629
23,810
Retained earnings and equity instruments
39,652
34,889
31,436
Other accumulated income and other reserves
(14,334)
(12,872)
(13,952)
Minority interests
2,343
1,864
1,853
Provisional profit ⁽²⁾ 
5,013
4,759
3,814
Common Equity Tier I (CET1) before other regulatory adjustments
54,681
51,269
46,962
Goodwill and intangible assets
(1,553)
(1,421)
(1,395)
Direct, indirect and synthetic holdings in own Common Equity Tier I instruments
(243)
(331)
(356)
Deferred tax assets 
(844)
(988)
(1,057)
Other deductions and filters ⁽³⁾
(1,242)
(2,412)
(1,416)
Total common equity Tier 1 regulatory adjustments
(3,882)
(5,153)
(4,223)
Common equity TIER 1 (CET1)
50,799
46,116
42,738
Capital instruments and share premium accounts classified as liabilities and qualifying as 
Additional Tier I
5,638
5,715
4,875
Qualifying Tier 1 capital included in consolidated AT1 capital issued by subsidiaries and 
held by third parties
386
319
318
Additional Tier 1 (CET 1) before regulatory adjustments
6,023
6,033
5,193
Transitional CET 1 adjustments
—
—
—
Total regulatory adjustments to additional Tier 1
—
—
—
Additional Tier 1 (AT1) 
6,023
6,033
5,193
Tier 1 (Common equity TIER 1 + additional TIER 1)
56,822
52,150
47,931
Capital instruments and share premium accounted as Tier 2
5,629
5,214
3,510
Qualifying Tier 2 capital included in consolidated T2 capital issued by subsidiaries and 
held by third parties
4,192
2,890
2,310
Credit risk adjustments
47
88
213
Tier 2 before regulatory adjustments
9,868
8,192
6,033
Tier 2 regulatory adjustments 
(10)
(10)
(103)
Tier 2
9,858
8,182
5,930
Total capital (Total capital = Tier 1 + Tier 2)
66,680
60,332
53,861
Total RWA
394,468
363,915
337,066
CET 1 (phased-in)
 12.88 %
 12.67 %
 12.68 %
Tier 1 (phased-in)
 14.40 %
 14.33 %
 14.22 %
Total capital (phased-in)
 16.90 %
 16.58 %
 15.98 %
(1) In 2022, the difference between the phased-in and fully-loaded ratios arises from the temporary treatment of certain capital items, mainly as a result of the impact of IFRS 9, to 
which the BBVA Group adhered voluntarily (in accordance with article 473bis of the CRR and the subsequent amendments introduced by the Regulation (EU) 2020/873). In 2024 
and 2023, there are no differences between phased-in and fully-loaded ratios due to the aforementioned temporary treatment.
(2) As of December 31, 2024 the total shareholder remuneration corresponding to the year 2024, including the cash amount and the share repurchase program, is deducted from 
the foreseeable dividend and subject to its approval at the General Shareholders' Meeting. As of December 31, 2023 and 2022 the cash dividends approved by their respective  
General Shareholders' Meetings are deducted form the total shareholder remuneration corresponding to the years 2023 and 2022.
(3) As of December 31, 2023 and 2022, the amounts of the share repurchase programs, considered as dividends approved by their respective General Shareholders' Meetings, 
were deducted from the total shareholder remuneration corresponding to the years 2023 and 2022, respectively.
The strength of the BBVA Group's earnings has contributed to achieving a consolidated fully loaded CET1 ratio of 12.88% as of 
December 31, 2024, which allows it to maintain a large management buffer over the Group's CET1 requirement as of that date 
(9.13%), which is also above the Group's target management range of 11.5 - 12.0% CET1. 
The fully loaded CET1 ratio increased by 21  basis points, mainly explained by the great generation of earnings in the year (276 basis 
points) which, net of shareholder remuneration and payment of convertible contingent instrument coupons (CoCos), generated a 
positive contribution of 127 basis points. 
Meanwhile, the growth in risk-weighted assets (RWA) derived from the organic growth of the business in constant terms, mainly as a 
result of the increase in the loan portfolio, and, to a lesser extent, debt securities, as well as risk transfers that drained the ratio by -155 
basis points.
Finally, the other elements that make up CET1 had a positive contribution of 49 basis points; these include the calculation of minority 
interests and the positive impact in Other Comprehensive Income (OCI) equivalent to the net monetary position value loss in 
hyperinflationary economies recorded in results as well as the valuation of portfolios classified as HTC&S. In addition, the negative 
effects of market evolution are also included, with the currency effect being particularly negative, mainly represented by the 
depreciation of Mexican peso and, to a lesser extent, the depreciation of Turkish lira and the appreciation of US dollar.
Consolidated Financial Statements Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
166
Translation of the Consolidated Financial Statements originally issued in Spanish and prepared in accordance with EU-IFRS, as adopted 
by the European Union (see Notes 1 to 56). In the event of a discrepancy, the Spanish-language version prevails

Consolidated fully loaded Additional Tier 1 (AT1) capital fully loaded stood at 1.53% as of December 31, 2024, -13 basis points lower 
than in 2023 In June 2024, BBVA, S.A completed an issuance for an amount of €750 million Contingent Convertible instruments 
(CoCos) in June 2024. In addition, in March 2024, the call for redemption of another issuance of Contingent Convertible instruments 
for a total amount of €1.0 billion was made.
The Tier 2 fully loaded ratio stood at 2.50% which represents an increase of 25 basis points compared to 2023, mainly due to the 
issuance of a subordinated bonds in Spain for €1.25 billion and €1.0 billion in February  and August 2024, respectively, and, to a lesser 
extent, the issuance in Mexico, Turkey and Peru of subordinated debt for amounts of USD 900 million, USD 500 million and USD 300 
million, respectively in the first quarter, in addition to the issuance in December of USD 750 million of subordinated debt in Turkey. On 
the other hand, a subordinated debt issuance amounting to €750 million was redeemed in Spain. In addition, in December, the early 
redemption of another issuance of €1.0 billion was announced, which was completed in January 2025. In addition, in Turkey, one 
issuance was partially redeemed, amounting to USD 134 million, and the early redemption of another issuance of 750 million Turkish 
liras was announced and completed in February.
As a result of the above, the total fully loaded capital ratio stood at 16.90% as of December 31, 2024. The total phased-in capital ratio 
was also 16.90% as of the same date.
With regard to MREL (Minimum Requirement for own funds and Eligible Liabilities) BBVA, as an MPE5, has sub-consolidated 
requirements, based on its resolution group6.
On March 27, 2024 the Group made public that it had received a communication from the Bank of Spain regarding its MREL 
requirement, established by the Single Resolution Board (“SRB”). According to this communication, BBVA must maintain, as from 
March 27, 2024, a new requirement MREL in RWA of 22.79%7, not taking into account the current8 combined buffer requirement 
(CBR) of 3.65%. In addition, BBVA must keep, also as from March 27, 2024, a volume of own funds and eligible liabilities in terms of 
total exposure considered for purposes of calculating the leverage ratio of 8.48% (the “MREL in LR”)9.
With respect to the MREL ratios achieved as of December 31, 2024, these were 27.92% and 12.10%, respectively for MREL in RWA 
and MREL in LR, reaching the subordinated ratios of both 23.13% and 10.03%, respectively.
Given the structure of the resolution group's own funds and eligible liabilities, as of December 31, 2024, the Group meets the 
aforementioned requirements.
Additionally, on January 1, 2025, the bulk of the articles of the new Capital Requirements Regulation (Regulation (EU) 2024/1623), 
more commonly known as "CRR III," came into force, aiming to implement the Basel III framework reform in Europe. At the date of 
preparation of the Consolidated Financial Statements, no significant impact is anticipated from its application.
32.2
Leverage ratio
The leverage ratio (LR) is a regulatory measure complementing capital designed to promote the financial strength of institutions in 
terms of indebtedness. This measurement can be used to estimate the percentage of the assets and off-balance sheet arrangements 
financed with Tier 1 capital, being the carrying amount of the assets used in this ratio adjusted to reflect the Group’s current or 
potential leverage of a given balance-sheet position (Leverage ratio exposure). 
Breakdown of leverage ratio as of December 31, 2024, 2023 and 2022, calculated according to CCR, is as follows:
Leverage ratio
2024
2023
2022
Tier 1 (millions of Euros) (a)
56,822
52,150
47,931
Exposure to leverage ratio (millions of Euros) (b)
834,488
797,888
737,990
Leverage ratio (a)/(b) (percentage)
 6.81 %
 6.54 %
 6.49 %
32.3
Capital management
The aim of capital management within BBVA and the Group is to ensure that both BBVA and the Group have the necessary capital at 
any given time to develop the corporate strategy reflected in the Strategic Plan, in line with the risk profile set out in the Group Risk 
Appetite Framework (RAF).
Consolidated Financial Statements Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
167
Translation of the Consolidated Financial Statements originally issued in Spanish and prepared in accordance with EU-IFRS, as adopted 
by the European Union (see Notes 1 to 56). In the event of a discrepancy, the Spanish-language version prevails
5 Multiple Point of Entry established by the Single Resolution Board (SRB). Being an MPE implies that, should any of the group's subsidiaries have solvency, liquidity or operational 
problems, the resolution authority could liquidate/resolve that entity without affecting the rest of the companies in the banking group.
6 The resolution group is made up of Banco Bilbao Vizcaya Argentaria, S.A. and the subsidiaries belonging to the same European resolution group.
7 The subordinated requirement in RWA is 13.50%.
8 Calculated according to current regulations and supervisory criteria as of December 31, 2024.
9 The subordinated requirement in LR is 5.78%.

In this regard, BBVA's capital management is also part of the most relevant forward-looking strategic decisions in the Group's 
management and monitoring, which include the Budget and the Liquidity and Funding Plan, with which it is coordinated — all with the 
aim of achieving the Group's overall strategy.
Capital must be allocated optimally in order to meet the need to preserve the solvency of BBVA and the Group at all times. Together 
with the Group's solvency risk profile included in the RAF, this optimal allocation serves as a guide for the Group's capital 
management and seeks a solid capital position that makes it possible to:
–
anticipate ordinary and extraordinary consumption that may occur, even under stress;
–
promote the development of the Group's business and align it with capital and profitability objectives by allocating 
resources appropriately and efficiently;
–
cover all risks —including potential risks— to which it is exposed;
–
comply with regulatory and internal management requirements at all times; and
–
remunerate BBVA shareholders in accordance with the Shareholder Remuneration Policy in force at any given time.
The areas involved in capital management in the Group shall follow and respect the following principles in their respective areas of 
responsibility:
–
ensuring that capital management is integrated and consistent with the Group's Strategic Plan, RAF, Budget and other 
strategic-prospective processes, to help achieve the Group's long-term sustainability;
–
taking into account both the applicable regulatory and supervisory requirements and the risks to which the Group is —or 
may be— exposed when conducting its business (economic view), when establishing a target capital level, all while adopting 
a forward-looking vision that takes adverse scenarios into consideration;
–
carrying out efficient capital allocation that promotes good business development, ensuring that expectations for the 
evolution of activity meet the strategic objectives of the Group and anticipating the ordinary and extraordinary consumption 
that may occur;
–
ensuring compliance with the solvency levels, including the MREL, required at any given time;
–
compensating BBVA shareholders in an adequate and sustainable manner; and
–
optimizing the cost of all instruments used for the purpose of meeting the target capital level at any given time.
To achieve the aforementioned principles, capital management will be based on the following essential elements:
–
an adequate governance and management scheme, both at the corporate body level and at the executive level;
–
planning, managing and monitoring capital properly, using the measurement systems, tools, structures, resources and 
quality data necessary to do so;
–
a set of metrics, which is duly updated, to facilitate the tracking of the capital situation and to identify any relevant 
deviations from the target capital level;
–
a transparent, correct, consistent and timely communication and dissemination of capital information outside the Group;
–
an internal regulatory body, which is duly updated, including with respect to the regulations and procedures that ensure 
adequate capital management.
Consolidated Financial Statements Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
168
Translation of the Consolidated Financial Statements originally issued in Spanish and prepared in accordance with EU-IFRS, as adopted 
by the European Union (see Notes 1 to 56). In the event of a discrepancy, the Spanish-language version prevails

33.
Commitments and guarantees given
The breakdown of the off-balance sheet exposures included in the memorandum item is as follows:
Commitments and guarantees given (Millions of Euros)
Notes
2024
2023
2022
Loan commitments given
7.2.2
188,515
152,868
136,920
Of which: impaired
160
165
177
Central banks
 
254  
—  
— 
General governments
3,247
3,115
3,031
Credit institutions
13,441
15,595
15,407
Other financial corporations 
8,656
7,063
5,895
Non-financial corporations 
82,891
71,303
68,120
Households 
80,026
55,791
44,467
Financial guarantees given
7.2.2
22,503
18,839
16,511
Of which: impaired (1)
192
229
281
Central banks
 
—  
—  
— 
General governments
183
74
96
Credit institutions
636
978
475
Other financial corporations 
2,843
2,177
1,263
Non-financial corporations
18,724
15,460
14,541
Households 
116
150
135
Other commitments given 
7.2.2
51,215
42,577
39,137
Of which: impaired (1)
439
636
689
Central banks
 
— 
—
—
General governments
354
327
215
Credit institutions
6,447
3,607
4,134
Other financial corporations
3,256
1,837
1,758
Non-financial corporations
41,005
36,681
32,858
Households 
153
125
171
Total
7.2.2
262,233
214,283
192,568
(1) Non-performing financial guarantees given amounted to €631, €865, and €970 million, respectively, as of December 31, 2024, 2023 and 2022. 
As of December 31, 2024 and 2023, the provisions for loan commitments, financial guarantees and other commitments given, 
recorded in the consolidated balance sheet amounted to €372, €140 and €155; and €277 million, €190 million and €303 million, 
respectively (see Note 24).
Since a significant portion of the amounts above will expire without any payment being made by the consolidated entities, the 
aggregate balance of these commitments cannot be considered to be the actual future requirement for financing or liquidity to be 
provided by the BBVA Group to third parties.
In the years 2024, 2023 and 2022, no issuance of debt securities carried out by associates of the BBVA Group, joint venture entities 
or non-Group entities have been guaranteed. 
34.
Other contingent assets and liabilities
As of December 31, 2024, 2023 and 2022 there were no material contingent assets or liabilities other than those disclosed in the 
Notes to the consolidated financial statements.
35.
Purchase and sale commitments and future payment obligations
The purchase and sale commitments of the BBVA Group are disclosed in Notes 10, 14 and 22.
Future payment obligations mainly correspond to leases payable derived from operating lease contracts, as detailed in Note 22.5, and 
estimated employee benefit payments, as detailed in Note 25.1.3.
Consolidated Financial Statements Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
169
Translation of the Consolidated Financial Statements originally issued in Spanish and prepared in accordance with EU-IFRS, as adopted 
by the European Union (see Notes 1 to 56). In the event of a discrepancy, the Spanish-language version prevails

36.
Transactions on behalf of third parties
The details of the relevant transactions on behalf of third parties are as follows:
Transactions on behalf of third parties. Breakdown by concepts (Millions of Euros)
2024
2023
2022
Financial instruments entrusted to BBVA by third parties
496,082
430,377
352,139
Conditional bills and other securities received for collection
13,460
12,125
11,738
Securities lending
5,700
6,397
3,223
Total
515,241
448,899
367,100
37.
Net interest income
37.1
Interest and other income
The breakdown of the interest and other income recognized in the consolidated income statement is as follows:
Interest and other income. Breakdown by origin (Millions of Euros)
2024
2023
2022
Financial assets held for trading
5,951
4,984
2,079
Financial assets at fair value through other comprehensive income
2,951
3,098
3,110
Financial assets at amortized cost ⁽¹⁾
50,243
38,328
25,258
Insurance activity
1,448
1,052
1,309
Adjustments of income as a result of hedging transactions 
702
91
(825)
Other income ⁽²⁾
365
297
501
Total
61,659
47,850
31,432
(1) Includes interest on demand deposits at central banks and credit institutions.
(2) Includes, among others, the net interest income accrued from funds obtained through TLTRO III operations, which amounted to €177 million for the year ended December 31, 
2022 (see Note 22.1).
The amounts recognized in consolidated equity in connection with hedging derivatives for the years ended December 31, 2024, 2023 
and 2022 and the amounts derecognized from the consolidated equity and taken to the consolidated income statements during those 
years are included in the “Consolidated statements of recognized income and expense”.
37.2
Interest expense
The breakdown of the balance under this heading in the consolidated income statements is as follows:
Interest expense. Breakdown by origin (Millions of Euros)
2024
2023
2022
Financial liabilities held for trading 
5,445
3,834
1,140
Financial liabilities designated at fair value through profit or loss 
170
130
58
Financial liabilities at amortized cost
28,379
19,164
9,985
Adjustments of expense as a result of hedging transactions
1,097
809
(232)
Insurance activity
1,016
633
948
Cost attributable to pension funds
173
110
76
Other expense
114
80
333
Total
36,392
24,761
12,309
Consolidated Financial Statements Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
170
Translation of the Consolidated Financial Statements originally issued in Spanish and prepared in accordance with EU-IFRS, as adopted 
by the European Union (see Notes 1 to 56). In the event of a discrepancy, the Spanish-language version prevails

38.
Dividend income
The balances for this heading in the consolidated income statements correspond to dividends on shares and equity instruments other 
than those from shares in entities accounted for using the equity method (see Note 39), as shown in the breakdown below:
Dividend income (Millions of Euros)
2024
2023
2022
Non-trading financial assets mandatorily at fair value through profit or loss
10
11
15
Financial assets at fair value through other comprehensive income ⁽¹⁾
109
107
108
Total
120
118
123
(1) Dividend income corresponds mainly to investments held at the end of the year.
39.
Share of profit or loss of entities accounted for using the equity method
Results from “Share of profit or loss of entities accounted for using the equity method” resulted in a positive impact of €40 million for 
the year ended December 31, 2024, compared with the positive impact of €26 million and the positive impact of €21 million recorded 
for the years ended December 31, 2023 and 2022, respectively.
40.
Fee and commission income and expense
The breakdown of the balance under these headings in the consolidated income statements is as follows:
Fee and commission income. Breakdown by origin (Millions of Euros)
2024
2023
2022
Bills receivables
21
24
26
Demand accounts
300
300
424
Credit and debit cards and POS
7,106
4,665
3,499
Checks
166
175
162
Transfers and other payment orders
961
862
812
Insurance product commissions
461
384
261
Loan commitments given
322
307
259
Other commitments and financial guarantees given
530
471
420
Asset management
1,685
1,407
1,228
Securities fees
360
345
266
Custody securities
221
207
193
Other fees and commissions
902
751
711
Total
13,036
9,899
8,260
The breakdown of fee and commission expense under this heading in the consolidated income statements is as follows:
Fee and commission expense. Breakdown by origin (Millions of Euros)
2024
2023
2022
Demand accounts
7
6
5
Credit and debit cards and POS
3,534
2,337
1,884
Transfers and other payment orders
153
156
132
Commissions for selling insurance
47
40
54
Custody securities
101
111
92
Other fees and commissions
1,206
961
721
Total
5,048
3,611
2,888
Consolidated Financial Statements Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
171
Translation of the Consolidated Financial Statements originally issued in Spanish and prepared in accordance with EU-IFRS, as adopted 
by the European Union (see Notes 1 to 56). In the event of a discrepancy, the Spanish-language version prevails

41.
Gains (losses) on financial assets and liabilities, hedge accounting and exchange 
differences, net
The breakdown of the balance under this heading, by source of the related items, in the consolidated income statements is as follows:
Gains (losses) on financial assets and liabilities, hedge accounting and exchange differences, net (Millions of Euros)
2024
2023
2022
Gains (losses) on derecognition of financial assets and liabilities not measured at fair 
value through profit or loss, net
327
76
64
Financial assets at amortized cost
20
41
8
Other financial assets and liabilities 
307
35
56
Gains (losses) on financial assets and liabilities held for trading, net
2,458
1,352
562
Reclassification of financial assets from fair value through other comprehensive income
—
—
—
Reclassification of financial assets from amortized cost
—
—
—
Other gains (losses)
2,458
1,352
562
Gains (losses) on non-trading financial assets mandatorily at fair value through profit or 
loss, net
179
337
(67)
Reclassification of financial assets from fair value through other comprehensive income
—
—
—
Reclassification of financial assets from amortized cost
—
—
—
Other gains (losses)
179
337
(67)
Gains (losses) on financial assets and liabilities designated at fair value through profit or 
loss, net
249
96
150
Gains (losses) from hedge accounting, net 
5
(17)
(45)
Subtotal gains (losses) on financial assets and liabilities and hedge accounting
3,218
1,844
663
Exchange differences, net
695
339
1,275
Total
3,913
2,183
1,938
The breakdown of the balance (excluding exchange rate differences) under this heading in the consolidated income statements by the 
nature of the financial instrument is as follows:
Gains (losses) on financial assets and liabilities and hedge accounting. 
Breakdown by nature of the financial instrument (Millions of Euros)
2024
2023
2022
Debt instruments
841
799
(2,266)
Equity instruments
553
669
(1,099)
Trading derivatives and hedge accounting
181
(812)
1,361
Loans and advances to customers
236
165
(241)
Customer deposits
(81)
(95)
274
Other
1,488
1,118
2,635
Total
3,218
1,844
663
Consolidated Financial Statements Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
172
Translation of the Consolidated Financial Statements originally issued in Spanish and prepared in accordance with EU-IFRS, as adopted 
by the European Union (see Notes 1 to 56). In the event of a discrepancy, the Spanish-language version prevails

The breakdown of the balance of the impact of the derivatives (trading and hedging) under this heading in the consolidated income 
statements is as follows:
Derivatives - Hedge accounting (Millions of Euros)
2024
2023
2022
Derivatives
Interest rate agreements
(21)
427
522
Securities agreements
236
(402)
1,653
Credit derivative agreements
(123)
(56)
16
Foreign-exchange agreements
(15)
(431)
(658)
Commodity and other agreements 
99
(332)
(127)
Subtotal
176
(795)
1,406
Hedging derivatives ineffectiveness
—
—
Fair value hedges
8
(10)
(51)
Hedging derivative
(512)
(114)
(229)
Hedged item
520
103
178
Cash flow hedges
(3)
(7)
6
Subtotal
5
(17)
(45)
Total
181
(812)
1,361
42.
Other operating income and expense 
The breakdown of the balance under the heading “Other operating income” in the consolidated income statements is as follows:
Other operating income (Millions of Euros)
2024
2023
2022
Gains from sales of non-financial services
354
347
284
Other operating income
269
272
244
Total
623
619
528
The breakdown of the balance under the heading “Other operating expense” in the consolidated income statements is as follows:
Other operating expense (Millions of Euros)
2024
2023
2022
Change in inventories
165
151
134
Contributions to guaranteed banks deposits funds ⁽¹⁾
636
1,017
997
Hyperinflation adjustment ⁽²⁾
1,775
2,007
1,687
Other operating expense ⁽³⁾
1,374
867
620
Total
3,951
4,042
3,438
(1) In 2024, no contributions were made to the European Single Resolution Fund (SRF) since the constitution phase of the fund has been completed. Likewise, the Deposits 
Guarantee Fund of Credit Institutions in Spain reached in 2023 the minimum coverage level established by the European Regulation with respect to covered deposits, so that no 
additional contribution was necessary for this purpose during 2024, although prior contributions related to the deposited securities are maintained.
(2) For the year ended December 31, 2024 it includes €1,419 million related to Argentina and €348 million related to Turkey. For the year ended December 31, 2023 it included 
€1,062 million related to Argentina and €916 million related to Turkey. For the year ended December 31, 2022, it included €822 million related to Argentina and €832 million 
related to Turkey (see Note 2.2.18).
(3) For the year ended December 2024 and 2023, it includes €285 and €215 million, respectively, corresponding to the total annual amount disbursed under the temporary tax on 
credit institutions and financial credit establishments, according to Law 38/2022 of December 27, 2022 (see Note 19.6). The change compared to 2023 is mainly as a result of 
higher taxes in various geographies due to increased activity.
Consolidated Financial Statements Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
173
Translation of the Consolidated Financial Statements originally issued in Spanish and prepared in accordance with EU-IFRS, as adopted 
by the European Union (see Notes 1 to 56). In the event of a discrepancy, the Spanish-language version prevails

43.
Income and expense from insurance and reinsurance contracts
The balances of the headings “Income and expense from insurance and reinsurance contracts” in the consolidated income 
statements stem from the insurance activity and include the following:
Income and expense from insurance and reinsurance contracts (Millions of Euros)
2024
2023
2022
Income from insurance and reinsurance contracts ⁽¹⁾
3,720
3,081
2,622
Expense from insurance and reinsurance contracts
(2,238)
(1,821)
(1,547)
Total
1,482
1,261
1,075
(1) In general, the transition approach for calculating the contractual service margin has been the fair value approach for long-term contracts and the full retrospective approach 
for short-term contracts.
The table below shows the contribution of each insurance product to the Group´s income for the years ended December 31, 2024, 
2023 and 2022:
Net income by type of product (Millions of Euros)
2024
2023
2022
Life insurance
752
617
649
Individual
656
590
573
Group insurance
96
27
76
Non-Life insurance
730
643
426
Home insurance
—
—
—
Other non-life insurance products
730
643
426
Total
1,482
1,261
1,075
44.
Administration costs
44.1
Personnel expense
The breakdown of the balance under this heading in the consolidated income statements is as follows: 
Personnel expense (Millions of Euros)
Notes
2024
2023
2022
Wages and salaries
5,937
5,068
4,310
Social security costs
1,007
834
708
Defined contribution plan expense
25
158
139
87
Defined benefit plan expense
25
51
49
42
Other personnel expense
506
440
454
Total
7,659
6,530
5,601
44.1.1
 Share-based employee remuneration
The amounts recognized under the heading “Administration costs - Personnel expense - Other personnel expense” in the 
consolidated income statements for the year ended December 31, 2024, 2023 and 2022, corresponding to the remuneration plans 
based on equity instruments in each year, amounted to €23 million, €24 million and €32 million, respectively. These amounts have 
been recognized with a corresponding entry under the heading “Shareholders’ funds - Other equity” in the consolidated balance 
sheets, net of tax effect.
The characteristics of the Group's remuneration plans based on equity instruments are described below.
Variable remuneration in shares 
BBVA has a specific remuneration scheme applicable to those employees whose professional activities have a material impact on the 
risk profile of BBVA and/or its Group (hereinafter “Identified Staff”) involving the delivery of BBVA shares or instruments linked to 
BBVA shares, designed within the framework of applicable regulations to credit institutions and considering best practices and 
recommendations at the local and international levels in this matter.
Consolidated Financial Statements Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
174
Translation of the Consolidated Financial Statements originally issued in Spanish and prepared in accordance with EU-IFRS, as adopted 
by the European Union (see Notes 1 to 56). In the event of a discrepancy, the Spanish-language version prevails

Thus, according to the applicable remuneration policies, the variable remuneration for the Identified Staff members is subject, 
principally, to the following rules:
–
The Annual Variable Remuneration for Identified Staff members for each financial year will not accrue or will be reduced 
upon accrual, if certain profit and capital ratio levels are not achieved. 
–
A maximum of 40% of the Annual Variable Remuneration for those members of the Identified Staff who receive particularly 
high amounts of variable remuneration and members of BBVA’s Senior Management and 60% for the rest of the Identified 
Staff (the “Upfront Portion” of the Annual Variable Remuneration) shall vest and be paid, provided the relevant conditions 
for payment are met, as a general rule, in the first quarter of the following financial year to which the Annual Variable 
Remuneration corresponds.
–
The remaining amount, and at least 60% of the Annual Variable Remuneration for those members of the Identified Staff 
who receive particularly high amounts of variable remuneration and members of BBVA’s Senior Management, and 40% for 
the rest of the Identified Staff, will be deferred over a period of 4 years (the “Deferred Portion” of the Annual Variable 
Remuneration). However, for members of BBVA’s Senior Management the deferral period shall be 5 years. In both cases, 
the Deferred Portion will be paid, provided the relevant conditions are met, once each of the years of deferral has elapsed. In 
no event will this Deferred Portion be paid faster than in a proportionate way.
–
Both the Upfront Portion and the Deferred Portion of the Annual Variable Remuneration of each member of the Identified 
Staff will be paid 50% in cash and 50% in BBVA shares or in instruments linked to BBVA shares. For members of BBVA’s 
Senior Management, the Deferred Portion will be paid 40% in cash and 60% in BBVA shares and/or in instruments linked to 
BBVA shares.
–
Shares or instruments received as Annual Variable Remuneration shall be withheld for one year running from the date of 
delivery. The foregoing shall not apply to those shares that are sold, where appropriate, in order to meet the payment of tax 
obligations accruing on the delivery of the shares and/or instruments.
–
The Deferred Portion of the Annual Variable Remuneration may undergo certain ex post risk adjustments, meaning that it 
will not vest, or may be reduced, if certain capital and liquidity thresholds are not met.
–
Up to 100% of the Annual Variable Remuneration of each member of the Identified Staff corresponding to each financial 
year, both in cash and in shares or instruments, will be subject to arrangements for the reduction of variable remuneration 
(malus) and arrangements for the recovery of variable remuneration already paid (clawback), which will remain in effect 
during the applicable deferral and retention period, and will be applicable in the event of the occurrence of any of the 
circumstances expressly named in the remuneration policies.
–
The cash amounts of the Deferred Portion of the Annual Variable Remuneration that ultimately vest will be updated by 
applying the consumer price index (hereinafter "CPI") measured as the year-on-year change in prices, or any other criteria 
established for that purpose by the Board of Directors.
–
Identified Staff members may not use personal hedging strategies or insurance in connection with the Annual Variable 
Remuneration and the responsibility that may undermine the effects of alignment with prudent risk management.
–
If the members of the Identified Staff are entitled to receive any variable remuneration other than the Annual Variable 
Remuneration but which qualifies as variable remuneration, such variable remuneration shall be subject to the rules 
regarding accrual, award, vesting and payment in accordance with the type and nature of the remuneration component 
itself.
–
The variable remuneration of the Identified Staff for a financial year (understood as the sum of all variable remuneration) 
shall be limited to a maximum amount of 100% of the fixed component (understood as the sum of all fixed remuneration) of 
the total remuneration, unless the BBVA General Shareholders’ Meeting resolves to increase this percentage up to a 
maximum of 200%.
In this regard, the General Shareholders’ Meeting of BBVA held on March 15, 2024 resolved to increase this limit to a 
maximum level of 200% of the fixed component of the total remuneration for a given number of the Identified Staff 
members, in the terms indicated in the report issued for this purpose by the Board of Directors dated February 6, 2024.
In 2024, this remuneration scheme is reflected in the following remuneration policies: 
–
BBVA Group General Remuneration Policy, approved by the Board of Directors on March 29, 2023, that applies to 
employees and BBVA Senior Management (excluding BBVA executive directors) and at Group companies with respect to 
which BBVA exercises control over management. This policy includes the specific rules applicable to the members of the 
Identified Staff, including BBVA Senior Management. 
–
BBVA Directors’ Remuneration Policy, approved by the General Shareholders’ Meeting of BBVA held on March 17, 2023, 
that is applicable to the members of the Board of Directors of BBVA. The remuneration system for executive directors 
corresponds, generally, with the applicable system to the Identified Staff, incorporating some particularities of their own, 
derived from their condition of directors.
Consolidated Financial Statements Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
175
Translation of the Consolidated Financial Statements originally issued in Spanish and prepared in accordance with EU-IFRS, as adopted 
by the European Union (see Notes 1 to 56). In the event of a discrepancy, the Spanish-language version prevails

The delivery of shares in 2024 to the members of the Identified Staff is derived from the settlement of the Annual Variable 
Remuneration for 2023 and deferred variable remuneration from previous years, which are subject to the vesting and payment rules 
established in the remuneration policies applicable in the year to which they correspond.
According to the remuneration policy applicable in 2023, during 2024 a total amount of 2,627,541 BBVA shares or instruments linked 
to BBVA shares, corresponding, mostly, to the Upfront Portion of 2023 Annual Variable Remuneration and to other variable 
components of remuneration, were delivered.
In addition, according to the remuneration policy applicable in 2018, during 2024 a total amount of 147,871 BBVA shares, 
corresponding to the third and last payment of the Deferred Portion of 2018 Annual Variable Remuneration of the Chair and other 
members of BBVA's Senior Management, were delivered.
Additionally, according to the remuneration policy applicable in 2019, during 2024 a total amount of 220,803 BBVA shares, 
corresponding mostly to the second payment of the Deferred Portion of 2019 Annual Variable Remuneration of executive directors 
and other members of BBVA's Senior Management, as well as to other variable components of remuneration, were delivered. 
Likewise, according to the remuneration policy applicable in 2020, during 2024 a total amount of 2,244,441 BBVA shares were 
delivered, corresponding, mainly, to the entire payment of the Deferred Portion of 2020 Annual Variable Remuneration of certain 
members of the Identified Staff as well as to other variable components of remuneration. In 2020, the executive directors and other 
members of BBVA's Senior Management, as a gesture of responsibility and commitment in response to the exceptional 
circumstances arising from the COVID-19 crisis, waived their entire 2020 Annual Variable Remuneration.
In accordance with the remuneration policy applicable in 2021, during 2024 a total of 740,382 BBVA shares were delivered, the 
majority corresponding to the second payment of the Deferred Portion of 2021 Annual Variable Remuneration of the Identified Staff, 
which includes executive directors and other members of BBVA's Senior Management, as well as to other variable components of 
remuneration.
Lastly, according to the remuneration policy applicable in 2022, during 2024 a total amount of 728,081 BBVA shares were delivered, 
corresponding, mainly, to the first payment of the Deferred Portion of 2022 Annual Variable Remuneration of the Identified Staff, 
among which executive directors and the rest of the members of BBVA's Senior Management are included, as well as to other variable 
components of remuneration.
Detailed information on the delivery of shares to executive directors and the rest of the members of BBVA's Senior Management who 
held this position as of December 31, 2024, is included in Note 54.
Lastly, in line with specific regulation applicable in Brazil and Portugal, BBVA Brazil Banco de Investimento and BBVA IFIC have 
identified (on an individual basis, respectively) the staff in these countries whose annual variable remuneration should be subject to a 
specific settlement and payment scheme established in their corresponding remuneration policies, more specifically:
–
A percentage of the annual variable remuneration is subject to a three-year deferral that shall be paid yearly over the 
mentioned period.
–
50% of the annual variable remuneration, both the upfront portion and deferred portion, shall be established in BBVA 
shares.
–
In BBVA Brazil Banco de Investimento, both the cash amounts and share amounts of the deferred portion may be subject to 
update adjustments which are payable in cash.
–
In BBVA IFIC the deferred portion of the annual variable remuneration may be reduced, but never increased, depending on 
the result of multi-year performance indicators. The cash amounts of the deferred portion that are finally paid will be subject 
to updating by applying the CPI measured as a year-on-year change in prices.
According to this remuneration scheme, during financial year 2024 a total of 6,581 BBVA shares corresponding to the upfront portion 
of 2023 annual variable remuneration were delivered to the staff of BBVA Brazil Banco de Investimento.
Additionally, during 2024 a total of 1,832 BBVA shares corresponding to the first third of the deferred portion of 2022 annual variable 
remuneration were delivered as well as a total of €856 as adjustments for updates, a total of 1,624 BBVA shares corresponding to the 
second third of the deferred portion of 2021 annual variable remuneration and €1,324 as adjustments for updates, and a total of 1,368 
BBVA shares corresponding to the last third of the deferred portion of 2020 annual variable remuneration and €1,305 as adjustments 
for updates. 
With regard to the BBVA IFIC group, it should be noted that the exception provided for in the remuneration policy for said year 
corresponding to payment in shares has been applied to the annual variable remuneration for the year 2023 of some members of this 
group, in line with the provisions of the regulations in force. For this reason in 2024 just 1,951 BBVA shares have been delivered to 
BBVA IFIC identified members corresponding to 2023 variable remuneration. 
Additionally, during 2024 a total of 3,218 BBVA shares corresponding to the second third of the deferred portion of 2021 annual 
variable remuneration and a total of 2,149 BBVA shares corresponding to the last third of the deferred portion of 2020 annual variable 
remuneration were delivered to this group.
Consolidated Financial Statements Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
176
Translation of the Consolidated Financial Statements originally issued in Spanish and prepared in accordance with EU-IFRS, as adopted 
by the European Union (see Notes 1 to 56). In the event of a discrepancy, the Spanish-language version prevails

44.2
Other administrative expense
The breakdown of the balance under this heading in the consolidated income statements is as follows:
Other administrative expense. Breakdown by main concepts (Millions of Euros)
2024
2023
2022
Technology and systems
1,732
1,512
1,391
Communications 
261
219
195
Advertising
441
349
266
Property, fixtures and materials
577
520
440
Taxes other than income tax
481
451
370
Surveillance and cash courier services
255
234
214
Other expense
1,253
1,090
897
Total
5,001
4,375
3,773
45.
Depreciation and amortization 
The breakdown of the balance under this heading in the consolidated income statements for the years ended December 31, 2024, 
2023 and 2022 is as follows: 
Depreciation and amortization (Millions of Euros)
Notes
2024
2023
2022
Tangible assets
17
972
867
818
For own use
623
547
501
Right-of-use assets
343
317
312
Investment properties and other
5
3
5
Intangible assets
18.2
561
536
510
Total 
1,533
1,403
1,328
46.
Provisions or reversal of provisions
For the years ended December 31, 2024, 2023 and 2022, the net provisions recognized in this income statement line item were as 
follows:
Provisions or reversal of provisions (Millions of Euros)
Notes
2024
2023
2022
Pensions and other post-employment defined benefit 
obligations
25
3
31
(89)
Commitments and guarantees given
(84)
76
87
Pending legal issues and tax litigation
191
171
210
Other provisions
88
95
84
Total
198
373
291
47.
Impairment or reversal of impairment on financial assets not measured at fair 
value through profit or loss or net gains by modification
The breakdown of impairment or reversal of impairment on financial assets not measured at fair value through profit or loss or net 
gains by modification by the nature of those assets in the consolidated income statements is as follows:
Impairment or reversal of impairment on financial assets not measured at fair value through profit or loss or net gains by 
modification (Millions of Euros)
Notes
2024
2023
2022
Financial assets at fair value through other comprehensive income 
- Debt securities
58
42
76
Financial assets at amortized cost 
5,687
4,386
3,303
Of which: recovery of written-off assets by cash collection
7.2.5
(403)
(369)
(390)
Total
5,745
4,428
3,379
Consolidated Financial Statements Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
177
Translation of the Consolidated Financial Statements originally issued in Spanish and prepared in accordance with EU-IFRS, as adopted 
by the European Union (see Notes 1 to 56). In the event of a discrepancy, the Spanish-language version prevails

48.
Impairment or reversal of impairment of investments in joint ventures and 
associates
The heading “Impairment or reversal of the impairment of investments in joint ventures or associates" included a net reversal of 
impairment of €63 million in the year ended December 31, 2024. This heading included an net impairment of €9 million for the year 
ended December 31, 2023, and it included a net reversal of impairment of €42 million for the year ended December 31, 2022 (see 
Note 16.3).
49.
Impairment or reversal of impairment on non-financial assets 
The impairment losses on non-financial assets broken down by the nature of those assets in the consolidated income statements are 
as follows:
Impairment or reversal of impairment on non-financial assets (Millions of Euros)
Notes
2024
2023
2022
Tangible assets
17
(29)
16
(53)
Intangible assets
15
26
25
Others   
13
12
55
Total
(1)
54
27
50.
Gains (losses) from non-current assets and disposal groups classified as held for 
sale not qualifying as discontinued operations
The main items included in the balance under this heading in the consolidated income statements are as follows:
Gains (losses) from non-current assets and disposal groups classified as held for sale not qualifying as discontinued 
operations (Millions of Euros)
Notes
2024
2023
2022
Gains on sale of real estate
66
64
102
Impairment of non-current assets held for sale (1)
21
(83)
(42)
(221)
Gains (losses) on sale of investments classified as non-current assets held for sale 
—
—
11
Gains on sale of equity instruments classified as non-current assets held for sale
—
—
—
Total
(17)
22
(108)
(1) In 2022 it includes the closing of the transaction with Merlin Properties in which 100% of the shares of Tree Inversiones Inmobiliarias, SOCIMI, S.A. were acquired by the BBVA 
Group (see Note 17).
51.
Consolidated statements of cash flows 
The variation between 2024, 2023 and 2022 of the financial liabilities from financing activities is the following:
Liabilities from financing activities (Millions of Euros)
Liabilities at amortized cost: Debt 
certificates
Of which: Issuances of subordinated 
liabilities (1)
2024
2023
2022
2024
2023
2022
Balance at the beginning
68,707
55,429
55,763
15,832
12,485
14,794
Cash flows
627
13,283
(678)
3,303
3,388
(1,945)
Non-cash changes
532
(5)
344
421
(40)
(364)
Acquisition
—
—
—
—
—
—
Disposal
—
—
—
—
—
—
Disposals by companies held for sale 
—
—
—
—
—
—
Foreign exchange movement
532
(5)
344
421
(40)
(364)
Fair value changes
—
—
—
—
—
—
Balance at the end
69,867
68,707
55,429
19,556
15,832
12,485
(1) There were €56, €35 and €24 million of subordinated deposits as of December 31, 2024, 2023 and 2022, respectively (see Note 22.4). In addition, there were coupon 
payments on subordinated liabilities for €388, €345 and €313 million in 2024, 2023 and 2022, respectively. Appendix VI details the outstanding subordinated debt issued by their 
nominal value.
Consolidated Financial Statements Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
178
Translation of the Consolidated Financial Statements originally issued in Spanish and prepared in accordance with EU-IFRS, as adopted 
by the European Union (see Notes 1 to 56). In the event of a discrepancy, the Spanish-language version prevails

52.
Accountant fees and services
The details of the fees for the services contracted by entities of the BBVA Group for the year ended December 31, 2024, with their 
respective auditors and other audit entities are as follows:
Fees for Audits conducted and other related services (1) (Millions of Euros) 
2024
2023
2022
Audits of the companies audited by firms belonging to the EY worldwide 
organization and other reports related with the audit (2)
32.8
28.5
24.8
Other reports required pursuant to applicable legislation and tax regulations 
issued by the national supervisory bodies of the countries in which the Group 
operates, reviewed by firms belonging to the EY worldwide organization
1.5
1.4
1.0
Fees for audits conducted by other firms
0.1
0.1
0.1
(1) Regardless of the billed year.
(2) Including fees pertaining to annual legal audits (€26.0 million as of December 31, 2024).
In the year ended December 31, 2024, certain entities in the BBVA Group contracted other services (other than audits) as follows:
Other Services rendered (Millions of Euros)
2024
2023
2022
Firms belonging to the EY worldwide organization
0.2
0.2
0.1
This total of contracted services includes the detail of the services provided by Ernst & Young, S.L. to BBVA, S.A. or its controlled 
companies at the date of preparation of these consolidated financial statements as follows:
Fees for audits conducted (1) (Millions of Euros)
2024
2023
2022
Legal audit of BBVA,S.A. or its companies under control
8.5
7.9
7.6
Other audit services of BBVA, S.A. or its companies under control
5.6
5.4
5.2
Limited Review of BBVA, S.A. or its companies under control
2.0
1.9
1.4
Reports related to issuances
1.2
1.0
0.4
Assurance services and other required by the regulator
1.2
0.8
0.8
(1) Services provided by Ernst & Young, S.L. to companies located in Spain, to the branch of BBVA in New York, the branch of BBVA in London and the branch of BBVA in 
Frankfurt.
The services provided by the auditors meet the independence requirements of the external auditor established under Audit of 
Accounts Law (Law 22/2015) and under the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 adopted by the SEC.
53.
Related-party transactions
As financial institutions, BBVA and other entities in the Group engage in transactions with related parties in the normal course of their 
business. These transactions are not significant and are carried out under normal market conditions. As of December 31, 2024, 2023 
and 2022, the following are the transactions with related parties:
53.1
Transactions with significant shareholders
As of December 31, 2024, 2023 and 2022, there were no shareholders with significant influence (see Note 26).
Consolidated Financial Statements Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
179
Translation of the Consolidated Financial Statements originally issued in Spanish and prepared in accordance with EU-IFRS, as adopted 
by the European Union (see Notes 1 to 56). In the event of a discrepancy, the Spanish-language version prevails

53.2
Transactions of BBVA Group entities with joint ventures and associates 
The balances of the main captions in the consolidated balance sheets arising from the transactions carried out by the BBVA Group 
with joint ventures and associates are as follows:
Balances arising from transactions of BBVA Group entities with joint ventures and associates (Millions of Euros)
2024
2023
2022
Assets
Loans and advances to credit institutions
13
5
9
Loans and advances to customers
639
791
1,842
Debt securities
4
4
7
Liabilities
Deposits from credit institutions
1
—
1
Customer deposits
160
134
204
Memorandum accounts
Financial guarantees given
171
177
136
Other commitments given
784
595
751
Loan commitments given
117
119
10
The balances of the main captions in the consolidated income statements resulting from transactions with joint ventures and 
associates are as follows:
Balances of consolidated income statement arising from transactions of BBVA Group entities with joint ventures and 
associates (Millions of Euros)
2024
2023
2022
Income statement
Interest and other income
37
44
20
Interest expense
4
4
2
Fee and commission income
7
4
5
Fee and commission expense
55
49
40
There were no other material effects in the consolidated financial statements arising from dealings with these entities, other than the 
effects from using the equity method (see Note 2.1) and from the insurance policies to cover pension or similar commitments (see 
Note 25) and the derivatives transactions arranged by BBVA Group with these entities, associates and joint ventures.
In addition, as part of its normal activity, the BBVA Group has entered into agreements and commitments of various types with 
shareholders of subsidiaries and associates, which have no material effects on the consolidated financial statements.
53.3
Transactions with members of the Board of Directors and Senior Management 
The transactions entered into between BBVA or its Group companies with members of the Board of Directors and Senior 
Management of the Bank or their related parties were within the scope of the ordinary course of business of the Bank and were 
immaterial, defined as transactions the disclosure of which is not necessary to present a true and fair view of the Bank's equity, 
financial position and results, and were concluded on normal markets terms or on terms applicable to the rest of employees.
The amount and nature of the main transactions carried out with members of the Board of Directors and Senior Management of the 
Bank, or their respective related parties, are shown below.
Balance at 31st December of each year (thousands of Euros)
2024
2023
2022
Directors
Related 
parties of 
Directors
Senior 
Management (1)
Related 
parties of 
Senior 
Management
Directors
Related 
parties of 
Directors
Senior 
Management (1)
Related 
parties of 
Senior 
Management
Directors
Related 
parties of 
Directors
Senior 
Management (1)
Related 
parties of 
Senior 
Management
Loans and 
credits
2,176
210
4,664
688
531
243
5,553
727
668
1,880
6,321
764
Bank 
guarantees
_
_
10
_
_
_
10
_
_
_
10
_
(1) Excluding executive directors.
Information on remuneration paid and other benefits granted to members of the Board of Directors and Senior Management of BBVA 
is provided in Note 54.
Consolidated Financial Statements Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
180
Translation of the Consolidated Financial Statements originally issued in Spanish and prepared in accordance with EU-IFRS, as adopted 
by the European Union (see Notes 1 to 56). In the event of a discrepancy, the Spanish-language version prevails

54.
Remuneration and other benefits of the Board of Directors and members of the 
Bank's Senior Management
Remuneration of non-executive directors
The remuneration of the non-executive directors corresponding to the financial years 2024 and 2023 is as follows, individually and by 
remuneration item: 
Remuneration of non-executive directors (thousands of Euros) (1)
Board of 
Directors
Executive 
Committee 
Audit 
Committee
Risk and 
Compliance 
Committee
Remuneration 
Committee 
Appointments 
and Corporate 
Governance 
Committee
Technology 
and 
Cybersecurity 
Committee
Other 
positions (2)
Total
2024
2023
José Miguel Andrés Torrecillas
129
167
165
—
—
115
—
50
625
593
Jaime Caruana Lacorte
129
167
22
107
—
31
—
—
455
502
Enrique Casanueva Nárdiz (3)
107
—
44
71
—
—
—
—
223
—
Sonia Dulá
129
—
66
107
—
—
—
—
302
223
Raúl Galamba de Oliveira
129
—
—
214
—
46
43
80
512
461
Belén Garijo López
129
167
—
—
36
46
—
—
378
416
Connie Hedegaard Koksbang
129
—
66
—
—
—
—
—
195
173
Lourdes Máiz Carro
129
—
66
—
43
—
—
—
238
238
José Maldonado Ramos (4)
32
42
—
—
—
12
—
—
85
342
Cristina de Parias Halcón (5)
107
—
—
—
—
31
29
—
167
—
Ana Peralta Moreno
129
—
66
—
43
—
—
—
238
238
Juan Pi Llorens (4)
32
—
—
27
—
12
11
—
81
361
Ana Revenga Shanklin
129
—
—
107
86
—
43
—
364
307
Susana Rodríguez Vidarte (6)
—
—
—
—
—
—
—
—
—
112
Carlos Salazar Lomelín (7)
129
—
—
—
43
—
—
—
172
172
Jan Verplancke
129
—
—
—
43
—
43
—
214
214
Total
1,695
542
497
633
293
293
168
130
4,250
4,350
(1) Includes amounts corresponding to the positions on the Board and its various Committees, the composition of which was modified on April 26, 2024.
(2) Amounts corresponding to the positions of Deputy Chair of the Board of Directors and Lead Director. 
(3) Director appointed by the General Shareholders' Meeting held on March 15, 2024. Remuneration in 2024 corresponding to the term in office in that financial year. 
(4) Directors who left office on March 15, 2024. Remuneration in 2024 corresponding to the term in office in that financial year.
(5) Director appointed by the General Shareholders’ Meeting held on March 15, 2024. Remuneration in 2024 corresponding to the term in office in that financial year. In addition, 
the director Cristina de Parias Halcón received in the 2024 and 2023 financial years, €72 thousand and €76 thousand, respectively, as per diems for her attendance  to the 
meetings of the management body of BBVA México, S.A. de C.V. and Grupo Financiero BBVA México, S.A. de C.V. Likewise, in 2024, she received €56 thousand and 14,697 BBVA 
shares corresponding to the deferred portion of 2018 and 2019 annual variable remuneration accrued in her former condition of BBVA’s member of Senior Management, including 
the update of its cash portion. In 2025, the last payment of the deferred portion of 2019 annual variable remuneration, including the update of its cash portion, is due to this 
director (€30 thousand and 7,593 BBVA shares). 
(6) Director who left office on March 17, 2023. Remuneration in 2023 corresponding to the term in office in that financial year.
(7) In addition, in financial years 2024 and 2023, the director Carlos Salazar Lomelín received €113 thousand and €67 thousand, respectively, as per diems for his attendance to 
the meetings of the management body of BBVA México, S.A. de C.V. and Grupo Financiero BBVA México, S.A. de C.V. and of the strategy forum of BBVA México, S.A. de CV.
Likewise, during financial years 2024 and 2023, €112 thousand and €123 thousand were paid out, respectively, in healthcare and 
casualty insurance premiums for non-executive directors.
Remuneration system with deferred delivery of shares for non-executive directors
BBVA has a fixed remuneration system with deferred delivery of shares for its non-executive directors, which was approved by the 
General Shareholders’ Meeting held on March 18, 2006 and extended by resolutions of the General Shareholders’ Meetings held on 
March 11, 2011 and March 11, 2016 for a further five-year period in each case, by the General Shareholders’ Meeting held on April 20, 
2021 for a further three-year period and by the General Shareholders’ Meeting held on March 17, 2023 for a further four-year period.
This system is based on the annual allocation to non-executive directors of a number of theoretical shares of BBVA equivalent to 20% 
of the total annual fixed allowance in cash received by each director in the previous financial year, calculated according to the average 
closing price of the BBVA share during the 60 trading sessions prior to the dates of the Annual General Shareholders’ Meetings 
approving the corresponding financial statements for each financial year.
The BBVA shares, in a number equivalent to the theoretical shares accumulated by each non-executive director, will be delivered to 
each beneficiary, where applicable, after they leave directorship for any reason other than serious breach of their duties.
The theoretical shares allocated to non-executive directors who were beneficiaries of the remuneration system with deferred delivery 
of shares in the 2024 and 2023 financial years, corresponding to 20% of the total annual fixed allowance in cash received by each of 
them in the 2023 and 2022 financial years, respectively, were as follows:
Consolidated Financial Statements Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
181
Translation of the Consolidated Financial Statements originally issued in Spanish and prepared in accordance with EU-IFRS, as adopted 
by the European Union (see Notes 1 to 56). In the event of a discrepancy, the Spanish-language version prevails

2024
2023
Theoretical shares 
allocated (1)
Theoretical shares 
accumulated as of 
December 31
Theoretical shares 
allocated (1)
Theoretical shares 
accumulated as of 
December 31 
José Miguel Andrés Torrecillas
13,407
147,455
16,023
134,048
Jaime Caruana Lacorte
11,350
106,310
17,255
94,960
Enrique Casanueva Nárdiz (2)
—
—
—
—
Sonia Dulá (3)
5,042
5,042
—
—
Raúl Galamba de Oliveira
10,423
40,191
10,091
29,768
Belén Garijo López
9,401
110,593
10,603
101,192
Connie Hedegaard Koksbang
3,914
7,177
3,263
3,263
Lourdes Máiz Carro
5,384
76,977
7,237
71,593
José Maldonado Ramos (4)
7,735
—
10,397
146,874
Cristina de Parias Halcón (2)
—
—
—
—
Ana Peralta Moreno
5,384
47,713
7,237
42,329
Juan Pi Llorens (4)
8,157
—
13,943
148,542
Ana Revenga Shanklin
6,947
31,161
8,035
24,214
Susana Rodríguez Vidarte (5)
—
—
13,648
—
Carlos Salazar Lomelín
3,882
21,012
5,218
17,130
Jan Verplancke
4,851
40,623
6,521
35,772
Total
95,877
634,254
129,471
849,685
(1) The number of theoretical shares was calculated according to the average closing price of the BBVA share during the 60 trading sessions prior to the dates of the General 
Shareholders’ Meetings of March 15, 2024 and March 17, 2023 which were €8.84 and €6.58 per share, respectively.
(2) Directors appointed by the General Meeting held on March 15, 2024; accordingly, the allocation of theoretical shares is not due until 2025. 
(3) Director appointed by the General Meeting held on March 17, 2023; accordingly, the first allocation of theoretical shares was made in 2024.
(4) Directors who left office on March 15, 2024. In application of the system, José Maldonado Ramos and Juan Pi Llorens received a total of 154,609 and 156,699 BBVA shares, 
respectively, after leaving office, which is equivalent to the total theoretical shares accumulated up to that date by each of them.
(5) Director who left office on March 17, 2023. In application of the system, she received a total of 191,423 BBVA shares, after leaving office, which was equivalent to the total 
theoretical shares accumulated up to that date. 
Remuneration of executive directors 
The remuneration of executive directors for financial years 2024 and 2023 indicated below, individually and by remuneration item, are 
the result of applying the BBVA Directors’ Remuneration Policy approved at the General Shareholders’ Meeting held on March 17, 
2023. 
Annual Fixed Remuneration (thousands of Euros)
2024
2023
Chair
2,924
2,924
Chief Executive Officer
2,179
2,179
Total
5,103
5,103
In addition, in accordance with the provisions established in the BBVA Directors’ Remuneration Policy and contractually, during the 
2024 and 2023 financial years the Chair received, each year, the amount of €41 thousand of fixed allowances for vehicle rental and 
others. Meanwhile, the Chief Executive Officer received, each year, the amount of €654 thousand of fixed remuneration in cash in lieu 
of pension (equivalent to 30% of his Annual Fixed Remuneration), as he does not receive a retirement benefit (see section on 
“Pension commitments with executive directors” in this Note), and the amount of €600 thousand for his mobility allowance.
Remuneration in kind (thousands of Euros)
Likewise, the executive directors received remuneration in kind during the financial years 2024 and 2023, including insurance 
premiums and others, totaling €140 thousand and €172 thousand in the case of the Chair and €128 thousand and €131 thousand in 
the case of the Chief Executive Officer, respectively.
Variable remuneration 
With regard to variable remuneration, the BBVA Directors’ Remuneration Policy approved by the General Shareholders’ Meeting in 
2023 establishes a model whereby the Annual Variable Remuneration (“AVR”) of the executive directors comprises two components: 
a Short-Term Incentive (“STI”) and a Long-Term Incentive (“LTI”). The award of both incentives is contingent upon the achievement 
of the minimum profit and capital ratio thresholds approved by the Board of Directors for this purpose. The sum of the STI and the LTI 
constitutes the AVR for the year of each executive director. 
The STI will be awarded once the reference year for measuring the annual indicators used for its calculation has ended. The amount of 
the STI will be determined based on the results of these indicators, taking into account the targets, scales of achievement and 
Consolidated Financial Statements Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
182
Translation of the Consolidated Financial Statements originally issued in Spanish and prepared in accordance with EU-IFRS, as adopted 
by the European Union (see Notes 1 to 56). In the event of a discrepancy, the Spanish-language version prevails

weightings established for each of them, which may range between 0% and 150% of the “Target STI”. The “Target STI” represents 
the amount of the STI if 100% of the pre-established targets for these indicators are achieved.
Once the aforementioned minimum profit and capital ratio thresholds have been reached, the right to the LTI will accrue, the final 
amount of which may range between 0% and 150% of the “Target LTI”. The “Target LTI” represents the amount of the LTI if 100% of 
the pre-established targets for the long-term indicators approved for its calculation are achieved. The final amount of the LTI will be 
determined once the last year of the measurement period of the long-term indicators has ended, based on their results and taking 
into account the targets, scales of achievement and weightings established for each of them. 
A percentage not exceeding 40% of the AVR will be vested and paid, provided that the required conditions are met, as a general rule, 
in the first quarter of the year following the one to which it corresponds (the “Upfront Portion”), in equal parts in cash and BBVA 
shares. The remaining amount, and at least 60% of the AVR, will be deferred over a five-year period and paid, if conditions are met, at 
the end of each of the five years of deferral, 40% in cash and 60% in BBVA shares and/or instruments linked to BBVA shares (the 
“Deferred Portion” or the “Deferred AVR”).
Within said deferral period, the payment of the LTI shall only begin after the expiration of the measurement period of the long-term 
indicators’ targets, to the result of which its final amount is subject. Therefore, the LTI is part of the Deferred Portion of the AVR of 
executive directors.
In accordance with the foregoing, in 2024 the executive directors accrued a Short-Term Incentive amounting to €2,871 thousand in 
the case of the Chair and €2,147 thousand in the case of the Chief Executive Officer. 
In addition, the executive directors accrued the right to a Long-Term Incentive for a maximum theoretical amount of €1,929 thousand 
in the case of the Chair and €1,443 thousand for the Chief Executive Officer, which is equivalent, in both cases, to 150% of their Target 
LTI. Once the measurement period for the long-term indicators established for their calculation has ended (at the end of 2027), their 
final amount will be determined, which may range between 0% and 150% of the “Target LTI”. Therefore, if 100% of the pre-
established targets are met, this incentive will amount to €1,286 thousand in the case of the Chair and €962 thousand in the case of 
the Chief Executive Officer.
In addition, the remaining rules applicable to the Annual Variable Remuneration of the executive directors set out in the BBVA 
Directors’ Remuneration Policy will apply to the Annual Variable Remuneration for financial year 2024, which include: (i) a retention 
period of one year following delivery of the BBVA shares or instruments linked to BBVA shares received; (ii) the prohibition of hedging 
strategies or insurance that may undermine the effects of alignment with prudent risk management; (iii) update of the finally vested 
Deferred Portion in cash in accordance with the CPI; (iv) malus and clawback arrangements throughout the whole periods of deferral 
and retention of the shares or instruments; and (v) the limitation of variable remuneration to a maximum amount of 200% of the fixed 
component of total remuneration, in accordance with the resolution approved by the General Shareholders’ Meeting held in 2024.
Taking into account the above, the Upfront Portion of the AVR for the financial years 2024 and 2023 of the executive directors which 
is due for payment once each of said financial years has ended, in equal parts in cash and BBVA shares, is indicated below. 
Annual Variable Remuneration (AVR)
2024 (1)
2023 (2)
In cash
(thousands of Euros)
In shares
In cash
(thousands of Euros)
In shares
Chair
897
92,803
897
107,835
Chief Executive Officer
671
69,408
671
80,650
Total
1,568
162,211
1,568
188,485
(1) Upfront Portion (37%) of the Annual Variable Remuneration, which represents the first payment of the Short-Term Incentive for 
financial year 2024 and will be paid during the first quarter of financial year 2025, in equal parts in cash and BBVA shares. The 
remaining amount of the 2024 Annual Variable Remuneration (which includes the 2024 Long-Term Incentive) will be deferred over a 
5-year period (40% in cash and 60% in shares and/or instruments linked to shares). 
The final amount of the Deferred AVR will depend on the result of the long-term indicators to be used to calculate the 2024 Long-
Term Incentive. Likewise, and as an ex post risk adjustment mechanism, the Deferred AVR may be reduced if the capital and liquidity 
thresholds established to guarantee that payment occurs only if it is sustainable, in accordance with the Bank’s payment capacity, are 
not reached. 
(2) Upfront Portion (37%) of the Annual Variable Remuneration, which represents the first payment of the Short-Term Incentive for 
financial year 2023 and which was paid in 2024, in equal parts in cash and BBVA shares. The remaining amount of the 2023 Annual 
Variable Remuneration (which includes the 2023 Long-Term Incentive) was deferred over a 5-year period (40% in cash and 60% in 
shares and/or instruments linked to shares).
The final amount of the Deferred AVR will depend on the result of the long-term indicators to be used to calculate the 2023 Long-
Term Incentive. Likewise, and as an ex post risk adjustment mechanism, the Deferred AVR may be reduced if the capital and liquidity 
thresholds established to guarantee that payment occurs only if it is sustainable, in accordance with the Bank’s payment capacity, are 
not reached. 
Consolidated Financial Statements Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
183
Translation of the Consolidated Financial Statements originally issued in Spanish and prepared in accordance with EU-IFRS, as adopted 
by the European Union (see Notes 1 to 56). In the event of a discrepancy, the Spanish-language version prevails

Deferred Annual Variable Remuneration (AVR) from previous financial years
2024 (1)
2023 (2)
Deferred
AVR
In cash
(thousands of Euros)
In shares 
In cash
(thousands of Euros)
In shares
Chair
2023
221
38,821
—
—
2022
236
56,941
229
56,941
2021
228
57,325
222
57,325
2020
0
0
0
0
2019
181
45,529
176
45,529
2018
—
—
132
35,795
Subtotal
867
198,616
760
195,590
Chief Executive 
Officer
2023
166
29,034
—
—
2022
181
43,793
176
43,793
2021
173
43,552
169
43,552
2020
0
0
0
0
2019
163
40,858
158
40,858
2018
—  
— 
—  
— 
Subtotal
683
157,237
503
128,203
Total
1,550
355,853
1,263
323,793
(1) Deferred remuneration payable after the 2024 year-end, including the update of its cash portion. Payment to the Chair and the 
Chief Executive Officer will take place in 2025 in accordance with the vesting and payment rules set out in the remuneration policies 
applicable in each financial year: 
•
2023 Deferred AVR: the first payment of the Deferred STI (17.9% of the Deferred Portion) is due to executive directors. 
Thereafter, the second payment of the Deferred STI (17.9% of the Deferred Portion) and the 2023 LTI (64.2% of the Deferred 
Portion) will be deferred for both executive directors. The final amount of the 2023 LTI will depend on the result of the long-
term indicators approved for its calculation once its measurement period has elapsed (at the end of 2026), which may range 
between an achievement of 0% to 150%. If the relevant conditions are met, the second payment of the Deferred STI will be 
made in 2026 and the three payments of the 2023 LTI will be made in 2027, 2028 and 2029. 
•
2022 Deferred AVR: the second payment (20% of the Deferred Portion) is due to executive directors. Thereafter, 60% of the 
2022 Deferred AVR will be deferred for both executive directors, which, if the relevant conditions are met, will be paid in 2026, 
2027, and 2028.
•
2021 Deferred AVR: the third payment (20% of the Deferred Portion) is due to executive directors, after having verified that 
no reduction had to be made according to the result of the multi-year performance indicators approved in 2021 by the Board 
of Directors. Thereafter, 40% of the 2021 Deferred AVR will be deferred for both executive directors which, if the relevant 
conditions are met, will be paid in 2026 and 2027.
•
2020 Deferred AVR: given the exceptional circumstances arising from the COVID-19 crisis, executive directors voluntarily 
waived the whole of their 2020 AVR. 
•
2019 Deferred AVR: the third and final payment (20% of the Deferred Portion) is due to executive directors. Following this, 
payment to executive directors of the 2019 Deferred AVR will be completed. 
(2) Deferred remuneration which was payable after the 2023 year-end, including the update of its cash portion. Its payment to the 
Chair and/or the Chief Executive Officer took place in 2024, in accordance with the vesting and payment rules set out in the 
remuneration policies applicable in each financial year: 
•
2022 Deferred AVR: in 2024, the first payment (20% of the Deferred Portion) was made to executive directors. 
•
2021 Deferred AVR: in 2024, the second payment (20% of the Deferred Portion) was made to executive directors. 
•
2020 Deferred AVR: given the exceptional circumstances arising from the COVID-19 crisis, executive directors voluntarily 
waived the whole of their 2020 AVR. 
•
2019 Deferred AVR: in 2024, the second payment (20% of the Deferred Portion) was made to executive directors. 
•
2018 Deferred AVR: in 2024, the third and final payment (20% of the Deferred Portion) was made to the Chair. Following this, 
payment to the Chair of the 2018 Deferred AVR, which was associated with his former position as Chief Executive Officer, was 
completed. 
Consolidated Financial Statements Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
184
Translation of the Consolidated Financial Statements originally issued in Spanish and prepared in accordance with EU-IFRS, as adopted 
by the European Union (see Notes 1 to 56). In the event of a discrepancy, the Spanish-language version prevails

Pension commitments with executive directors 
The Bank has not assumed any pension commitments with non-executive directors.
With regard to the executive directors, the BBVA Directors’ Remuneration Policy establishes a pension framework whereby, in the 
case of the Chair, he is eligible to receive a retirement pension, paid in either income or capital, when he reaches the legally 
established retirement age, provided that he does not leave his position as a result of serious dereliction of his duties. The amount of 
this pension will be determined by the annual contributions made by the Bank, together with their corresponding accumulated yields 
at that date.
The agreed annual contribution to cover the retirement contingency under the defined contribution system for the Chair, as set out in 
the BBVA Directors’ Remuneration Policy, is €439 thousand. The Board of Directors may update this amount during the term of the 
Policy, in the same manner as it may update the Annual Fixed Remuneration, pursuant to the terms established therein. 
A portion of 15% of this annual contribution will be based on variable components and considered “discretionary pension benefits”. It 
will, therefore, be subject to the conditions regarding delivery in shares, withholding, reduction and clawback established in the 
applicable regulations, as well as any other conditions concerning variable remuneration that may be applicable in accordance with 
the BBVA Directors’ Remuneration Policy.
In the event that the Chair’s contractual relationship is terminated before he reaches retirement age for reasons other than serious 
dereliction of duties, the retirement pension payable to the Chair upon him reaching the legally established retirement age will be 
calculated based on the funds accumulated through the contributions made by the Bank up to that date, as per the terms set out 
above, plus the corresponding accumulated yield, with no additional contributions to be made by the Bank as of the time of 
termination.
With respect to the commitments in favor of the Chair to cover the contingencies of death and disability, the Bank will pay the 
corresponding annual insurance premiums in order to top up this coverage.
In accordance with the foregoing, in the financial year 2024, an amount of €456 thousand was recorded, comprising the agreed 
annual contribution to cover the retirement contingency, which is €439 thousand, and a further amount of €17 thousand relating to 
the upward adjustment of the “discretionary pension benefits” for the financial year 2023, which were declared at the end of that year 
and which had to be included in the accumulated fund in 2024. Likewise, an amount of €252 thousand was paid in insurance 
premiums for the death and disability contingencies.
As of December 31, 2024, the total accumulated fund to meet the retirement commitments with the Chair amounted to € 26,893 
thousand.
Of the annual contribution for the retirement contingency corresponding to the financial year 2024, 15% (€66 thousand) was 
recorded in that year as “discretionary pension benefits”. Following the end of the financial year, this amount was adjusted by 
applying the same criteria used to determine the Short-Term Incentive that is part of the Chair’s Annual Variable Remuneration for 
the 2024 financial year and was determined to amount to €83 thousand, which represents an upward adjustment of €17 thousand. 
These “discretionary pension benefits” will be included in the accumulated fund in the 2025 financial year and will be subject to the 
conditions established for them in the BBVA Directors’ Remuneration Policy. 
With regard to the Chief Executive Officer, in accordance with the provisions of the BBVA Directors’ Remuneration Policy and those in 
his contract, the Bank has not undertaken any retirement commitments, although he is entitled to an annual cash sum instead of a 
retirement pension (“cash in lieu of pension”) equal to 30% of his Annual Fixed Remuneration. In accordance with the above, in the 
2024 financial year, the Bank paid the Chief Executive Officer the amount of the “cash in lieu of pension” fixed remuneration, as 
described in the “Remuneration of executive directors” section of this Note.
However, the Bank has undertaken commitments to cover the death and disability contingencies with the Chief Executive Officer, for 
which the corresponding annual insurance premiums are paid. For these purposes, an amount €221 thousand was recognized in 
2024 in this regard.
Pension systems (thousands of Euros)
Contributions (1)
Accumulated funds
Retirement
Death and disability
2024
2023
2024
2023
2024
2023
Chair
456
458
252
322
26,893
24,759
Chief Executive Officer
—
—
221
230
—
—
Total
456
458
472
552
26,893
24,759
(1) Contributions recognized to meet the pension commitments with the executive directors in financial years 2024 and 2023. In the case of the Chair, these relate to the sum of 
the annual retirement pension contribution and the adjustment made to the “discretionary pension benefits” for the financial years 2023 and 2022, the contribution of which to 
the accumulated fund was to be made in the financial years 2024 and 2023, respectively, as well as to the premiums for the death and disability contingencies. In the case of the 
Chief Executive Officer, the contributions recognized correspond exclusively to the insurance premiums paid by the Bank in 2024 and 2023 to cover the death and disability 
contingencies given that, in his case, the Bank has not undertaken any commitments to cover the contingency of retirement. 
Consolidated Financial Statements Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
185
Translation of the Consolidated Financial Statements originally issued in Spanish and prepared in accordance with EU-IFRS, as adopted 
by the European Union (see Notes 1 to 56). In the event of a discrepancy, the Spanish-language version prevails

Payments for termination of the contractual relationship
In accordance with the BBVA Directors’ Remuneration Policy, the Bank has no commitments to make severance payments to 
executive directors. 
Remuneration of Senior Management 
The remuneration of all Senior Management, excluding executive directors, for financial years 2024 and 2023, as indicated below, 
broken down by remuneration item, are the result of applying the BBVA Group’s General Remuneration Policy approved by the Board 
of Directors on March 29, 2023. 
Fixed remuneration (thousands of Euros)
2024
2023
Senior Management Total (1)
19,928
18,187
(1) 16 members as of December 31, 2024, and 15 members as of December 31, 2023, excluding executive directors in both cases. 
In addition, in accordance with the provisions established in the BBVA Group’s General Remuneration Policy and contractually, during 
the 2024 and 2023 financial years, the members of Senior Management collectively received fixed allowances for vehicle rental and 
others totaling €347 thousand and €314 thousand, respectively. 
Remuneration in kind (thousands of Euros)
During the 2024 and 2023 financial years, remuneration in kind, including insurance premiums and others, totaling €603 thousand 
and €590 thousand, respectively, was collectively paid to members of Senior Management.
Variable remuneration 
With regard to variable remuneration, the BBVA Group’s General Remuneration Policy establishes a model whereby the Annual 
Variable Remuneration (“AVR”) for members of Senior Management, like that of executive directors, comprises two components: a 
Short-Term Incentive (“STI”) and a Long-Term Incentive (“LTI”). The award of both incentives is contingent upon the achievement of 
the minimum profit and capital ratio thresholds approved by the Board of Directors for this purpose. The sum of the STI and the LTI 
constitutes the AVR for the year of each member of Senior Management.
Under this model, and in the same terms as set out above for the executive directors, in 2024 financial year, all members of Senior 
Management accrued a Short-Term Incentive for a total combined amount of €7,271 thousand.
In addition, all members of Senior Management accrued the right to a Long-Term Incentive for a maximum theoretical amount of 
€4,856 thousand, which is equivalent to the sum of 150% of the “Target LTI” of each beneficiary. The final amount of the LTI of each 
beneficiary will be determined at the end of the measurement period of the long-term indicators established for its calculation (at the 
end of 2027). This final amount may range between 0% and 150% of the “Target LTI”. Therefore, if 100% of the pre-established 
targets are achieved, it will amount to a total of €3,237 thousand.
Moreover, the remaining rules applicable to the Annual Variable Remuneration of the members of the Senior Management 
established in the BBVA Group’s General Remuneration Policy will apply to the Annual Variable Remuneration for financial year 2024, 
which include: (i) a retention period of one year following delivery of the BBVA shares or instruments linked to BBVA shares received; 
(ii) the prohibition of hedging strategies or insurance that may undermine the effects of alignment with prudent risk management; (iii) 
update of the finally vested Deferred Portion in cash in accordance with the CPI; (iv) malus and clawback arrangements throughout 
the whole periods of deferral and retention of the shares or instruments; and (v) the limitation of variable remuneration to a maximum 
amount of 200% of the fixed component of total remuneration, in accordance with the resolution approved by the General 
Shareholders’ Meeting in 2024. 
Taking into account the above, the total sum of the Upfront Portion of the AVR for financial years 2024 and 2023 of the members of 
Senior Management, due for payment once each of said financial years has ended, in equal parts in cash and BBVA shares, is 
indicated below. 
Annual Variable Remuneration (AVR)
2024 (1)
2023 (2)
In cash 
(thousands of Euros)
In shares
In cash 
(thousands of Euros)
In shares
Senior Management Total (3)
2,272
235,016
2,229
267,628
(1) Upfront Portion of the Annual Variable Remuneration, which represents the first payment of the Short-Term Incentive for financial 
year 2024 and will be paid during the first quarter of financial year 2025, in equal parts in cash and BBVA shares. The remaining 
amount of the 2024 Annual Variable Remuneration (which includes the 2024 Long-Term Incentive) will be deferred over a 5-year 
period (40% in cash and 60% in shares or instruments linked to shares). 
Consolidated Financial Statements Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
186
Translation of the Consolidated Financial Statements originally issued in Spanish and prepared in accordance with EU-IFRS, as adopted 
by the European Union (see Notes 1 to 56). In the event of a discrepancy, the Spanish-language version prevails

The final amount of the Deferred AVR will depend on the result of the long-term indicators to be used to calculate the 2024 Long-
Term Incentive. Likewise, and as an ex post risk adjustment mechanism, the Deferred AVR may be reduced if the capital and liquidity 
thresholds established to guarantee that payment occurs only if it is sustainable, in accordance with the Bank’s payment capacity, are 
not reached.
(2) Upfront Portion of the Annual Variable Remuneration, which represents the first payment of the Short-Term Incentive for financial 
year 2023 and which was paid in 2024, in equal parts in cash and BBVA shares. The remaining amount of the 2023 Annual Variable 
Remuneration (which includes the 2023 Long-Term Incentive) was deferred over a 5-year period (40% in cash and 60% in shares 
and/or instruments linked to shares). 
The final amount of the Deferred AVR will depend on the result of the long-term indicators to be used to calculate the 2023 Long-
Term Incentive. Likewise, and as an ex post risk adjustment mechanism, the Deferred AVR may be reduced if the capital and liquidity 
thresholds established to guarantee that payment occurs only if it is sustainable, in accordance with the Bank’s payment capacity, are 
not reached.
(3) 16 members as of December 31, 2024 and 15 members as of December 31, 2023, excluding executive directors in both cases.
Deferred Annual Variable Remuneration (AVR) from previous financial years 
2024 (1)
2023 (2)
Deferred AVR
In cash 
(thousands of Euros)
In shares 
In cash 
(thousands of Euros)
In shares
Senior Management Total (3)
2023
 
576  
98,636 
 
—  
— 
2022
526
125,129
493
122,566
2021
490
119,207
457
116,528
2020
56
14,340
1,494
289,020
2019
314
77,447
303
77,447
2018
—  
— 
139
36,454
Total
1,963
434,759
2,885
642,015
(1) Deferred remuneration payable after 2024 year-end, including the update of its cash portion. Payment thereof to members of 
Senior Management who are beneficiaries will take place in 2025 in accordance with the remuneration policies applicable in each 
financial year and the vesting and payment rules set forth therein applicable to each member of Senior Management, based on when 
they became such a member: 
•
2023 Deferred AVR: the first payment of the Deferred STI is due to members of Senior Management. 
•
2022 Deferred AVR: the second payment is due to members of Senior Management. 
•
2021 Deferred AVR: the third payment is due to members of Senior Management, after having verified that no reduction had 
to be made according to the result of the multi-year performance indicators approved in 2021 by the Board of Directors. 
•
2020 Deferred AVR: given the exceptional circumstances arising from the COVID-19 crisis, all members of Senior 
Management voluntarily waived the whole of their 2020 AVR. Without prejudice to the foregoing, the second payment of the 
deferred portion of a success bonus on the sale of BBVA USA is due to one member of Senior Management — an executive of 
BBVA USA at that time —. 
•
2019 Deferred AVR: the third and final payment is due to the members of Senior Management that are beneficiaries. In 
addition, the third and final payment of the deferred portion of a retention plan is payable to one member of Senior 
Management.
(2) Deferred remuneration which was payable after the 2023 year-end, including the update of its cash portion. Payment thereof to 
members of Senior Management who were beneficiaries took place in 2024 in accordance with the vesting and payment rules set 
forth in the remuneration policies applicable in each financial year:
•
2022 Deferred AVR: in 2024, the first payment was made to members of Senior Management. 
•
2021 Deferred AVR: in 2024, the second payment was made to members of Senior Management. 
•
2020 Deferred AVR: given the exceptional circumstances arising from the COVID-19 crisis, all members of Senior 
Management voluntarily waived the whole of their 2020 AVR. Without prejudice to the foregoing, in 2024 the deferred portion 
of a success bonus on the sale of BBVA USA was paid to two members of the Senior Management — who were executives of 
BBVA USA at that time —. In 2024, one of them received the whole of the deferred portion and the other one received the first 
payment of the deferred portion, in accordance with the vesting and payment rules set out in the remuneration policies 
applicable to each of them in that financial year. 
•
2019 Deferred AVR: in 2024, the second payment was made to the members of Senior Management who were beneficiaries. 
In addition, the second payment of the deferred portion of a retention plan was paid to a member of Senior Management. 
Consolidated Financial Statements Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
187
Translation of the Consolidated Financial Statements originally issued in Spanish and prepared in accordance with EU-IFRS, as adopted 
by the European Union (see Notes 1 to 56). In the event of a discrepancy, the Spanish-language version prevails

•
2018 Deferred AVR: in 2024, the third and final payment was made to the members of Senior Management who were 
beneficiaries. 
(3) 16 members as of December 31, 2024 and 15 members as of December 31, 2023, excluding executive directors in both cases. 
Pension commitments with members of Senior Management 
In order to meet the pension commitments made to members of Senior Management (16 members as of December 31, 2024, 
excluding the executive directors), a total combined amount of €4,226 thousand was recognized in financial year 2024 for the 
contingency of retirement. This amount is equivalent to the annual contribution agreed to cover the contingency of retirement, plus a 
further amount of €150 thousand pertaining to the upward adjustment of the “discretionary pension benefits” for financial year 2023, 
which were declared at the end of that financial year and which had to be included to the accumulated fund in 2024. In addition, an 
aggregate total amount of €1,181 thousand was paid in premiums to cover the contingencies of death and disability. 
As of December 31, 2024, the total accumulated fund to meet the retirement commitments with members of Senior Management 
amounted to €40,549 thousand.
As in the case of executive directors, 15% of the annual contributions agreed to cover the contingency of retirement for members of 
Senior Management, will be based on variable components and will be considered “discretionary pension benefits”, and will therefore 
be subject to the conditions regarding delivery in shares, withholding, reduction and recovery established in the applicable 
regulations, as well as to any other conditions concerning variable remuneration that may be applicable to them in accordance with 
the remuneration policy applicable to members of Senior Management.
For these purposes, of the annual contribution for the retirement contingency recognized in the 2024 financial year, a total amount of 
€587 thousand was recognized in 2024 as “discretionary pension benefits”. Following the end of the financial year, and as in the case 
of the Chair, this amount was adjusted by applying the same criteria used to determine the Short-Term Incentive that is part of the 
Annual Variable Remuneration of the members of Senior Management for the 2024 financial year. As a result, the “discretionary 
pension benefits” for the year, corresponding to all members of Senior Management, have been calculated at a total combined 
amount of €741 thousand, which represents an upward adjustment of €154 thousand. These “discretionary pension benefits” will be 
included in the accumulated fund in the 2025 financial year, and will be subject to the conditions established for them in the 
remuneration policy applicable to members of Senior Management, in accordance with the regulations applicable to the Bank on this 
matter.
Pension systems (thousands of Euros)
Contributions (1)
Accumulated funds
Retirement
Death and disability
2024
2023
2024
2023
2024
2023
Senior Management Total (2)
4,226
3,829
1,181
1,102
40,549
34,069
(1) Contributions recognized to meet pension commitments with all Senior Management in financial years 2024 and 2023, which relate to the sum of the annual retirement 
pension contributions and the adjustments made to the “discretionary pension benefits” for 2023 and 2022 which were included in the accumulated fund in 2024 and 2023, 
respectively, and to the insurance premiums paid by the Bank for death and disability contingencies.
(2) 16 members as of December 31, 2024, and 15 members as of December 31, 2023, excluding executive directors in both cases.
Payments for termination of the contractual relationship 
Regarding Senior Management, excluding the executive directors, in 2024 the Bank did not make any severance payments arising 
from the termination of the contractual relationship. 
55.
Other information
55.1
Environmental impact
Given the activities BBVA Group entities engage in, the Group has no environmental liabilities, expenses, assets, provisions or 
contingencies that could have a significant effect on its consolidated equity, financial situation and profits. Consequently, as of 
December 31, 2024, there is no item included in the Consolidated Financial Statements that requires disclosure in an environmental 
information report pursuant to Ministry JUS/616/2022, of June 30, by which the new model for the presentation of consolidated 
financial statements in the Commercial Register is approved. The accompanying Consolidated Management Report presents in more 
detail the BBVA Group's management of environmental impacts and risks.
Consolidated Financial Statements Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
188
Translation of the Consolidated Financial Statements originally issued in Spanish and prepared in accordance with EU-IFRS, as adopted 
by the European Union (see Notes 1 to 56). In the event of a discrepancy, the Spanish-language version prevails

55.2
Reporting requirements of the Spanish National Securities Market Commission
Dividends paid 
The table below presents the dividends per share paid in cash during 2024, 2023 and 2022 (cash basis dividend, regardless of the 
year in which they were accrued). For a complete analysis of all remuneration awarded to the shareholders in 2024, 2023 and 2022 
(see Note 4).
Paid Dividends
2024
2023
2022
% Over 
nominal
Euros per 
share
Amount 
(Millions 
of Euros)
% Over 
nominal
Euros per 
share
Amount 
(Millions 
of Euros)
% Over 
nominal
Euros per 
share
Amount 
(Millions 
of Euros)
Ordinary shares
 138.78 %
0.68
3,921
 95.92 %
0.47
2,812
 71.43 %
0.35
2,190
Rest of shares
—
—
—
—
—
—
—
—
—
Total dividends paid in cash 
 138.78 %
0.68
3,921
 95.92 %
0.47
2,812
 71.43 %
0.35
2,190
Dividends with charge to income
 138.78 %
0.68
3,921
 95.92 %
0.47
2,812
 24.49 %
0.12
724
Dividends with charge to reserve or 
share premium
—
—
—
 — 
—
—
 46.94 %
0.23
1,467
Dividends in kind
—
—
—
—
—
—
—
—
—
Flexible payment
—
—
—
—
—
—
—
—
—
Ordinary income and attributable profit by operating segment
The detail of the consolidated ordinary income and profit for each operating segment is as follows as of December 31, 2024, 2023 and 
2022:
Ordinary income and attributable profit by operating segment (Millions of Euros)
Income from ordinary activities (1)
Profit/ (loss) (2)
2024
2023 ⁽³⁾
2022
2024
2023 ⁽³⁾
2022
Spain
19,388
16,666
9,357
3,784
2,720
1,667
Mexico
25,498
22,822
16,446
5,447
5,319
4,131
Turkey
21,414
10,674
7,860
611
527
505
South America
12,260
10,913
8,689
635
601
738
Rest of Business
3,968
3,053
1,357
500
396
240
Subtotal operating segments
82,529
64,127
43,710
10,978
9,564
7,280
Corporate Center and 
adjustments ⁽⁴⁾
(153)
(717)
(81)
(924)
(1,544)
(922)
Total
82,376
63,411
43,629
10,054
8,019
6,358
(1) The line comprises interest income; dividend income; fee and commission income; gains (losses) on derecognition of financial assets and liabilities not measured at fair value 
through profit or loss, net; gains (losses) on financial assets and liabilities held for trading, net; gains (losses) on non-trading financial assets mandatorily at fair value through 
profit or loss, net; gains (losses) on financial assets and liabilities designated at fair value through profit or loss, net; gains (losses) from hedge accounting, net; other operating 
income; and income from insurance and reinsurance contracts. 
(2) See Note 6.
(3) In the first quarter of 2024 the Group changed its allocation criteria for certain expenses, mainly related with global international projects between the Corporate Center and 
the operating segments, therefore, in order to make those year-on-year comparisons homogeneous, the figures for year 2023 have been restated, which has not affected the 
consolidated financial information of the Group.
(4) Adjustments include the impact of the purchase of offices in Spain in 2022 in the transaction with Merlin Properties (see Note 17).
Consolidated Financial Statements Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
189
Translation of the Consolidated Financial Statements originally issued in Spanish and prepared in accordance with EU-IFRS, as adopted 
by the European Union (see Notes 1 to 56). In the event of a discrepancy, the Spanish-language version prevails

Interest income by geographical area
The breakdown of the balance of “Interest income and similar income” in the consolidated income statements by geographical area is 
as follows:
Interest income. Breakdown by geographical area (Millions of Euros)
Notes
2024
2023
2022
Domestic 
14,758
12,621
5,410
Foreign
46,901
35,229
26,023
European Union
1,685
1,149
473
Eurozone
1,426
925
327
Not Eurozone
259
224
146
Other countries
45,216
34,081
25,550
Total
37.1
61,659
47,850
31,432
Number of employees
The detail of the average number of employees is as follows as of December 31, 2024, 2023 and 2022:
Average number of employees
2024
2023
2022
Men
59,754
56,907
53,642
Women
63,846
62,078
59,389
Total
123,600
118,985
113,031
The breakdown of the average number of employees in the BBVA Group as of December 31, 2024, 2023 and 2022 is as follows:
Average number of employees
2024
2023
2022
Spanish banks
Management Team
1,834
1,722
1,509
Managers
10,150
9,582
8,863
Other line personnel and clerical staff
9,796
9,878
9,984
Branches abroad
1,259
1,131
1,041
Subtotal
23,039
22,313
21,397
Banks abroad
Mexico
44,991
42,834
39,471
The United States
—
—
—
Turkey
22,254
21,810
21,803
Venezuela
1,794
1,772
1,709
Argentina
5,914
5,771
5,674
Colombia
5,398
5,419
5,385
Peru
7,266
6,990
6,327
Other
662
650
644
Subtotal
88,278
85,245
81,013
Pension fund managers
79
258
469
Other non-banking companies
12,204
11,169
10,152
Total
123,600
118,985
113,031
Consolidated Financial Statements Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
190
Translation of the Consolidated Financial Statements originally issued in Spanish and prepared in accordance with EU-IFRS, as adopted 
by the European Union (see Notes 1 to 56). In the event of a discrepancy, the Spanish-language version prevails

The breakdown of the number of employees in the BBVA Group as of December 31, 2024, 2023 and 2022 by category and gender is 
as follows:
Number of employees at the year end. Professional category and gender
2024
2023
2022
Male
Female
Male
Female
Male
Female
Management team
3,753
2,057
3,557
1,886
3,425
1,726
Managers
21,901
21,213
20,741
19,986
19,361
19,116
Other line personnel and clerical staff
35,345
41,647
34,203
41,113
32,139
39,908
Total
60,999
64,917
58,501
62,985
54,925
60,750
55.3 
Payments made and outstanding balances
The information required by Final Provision second of Law 31/2014 of December 3, which amends the Corporate Law to improve 
corporate governance modifies Additional Provision third of Law 15/2010, of July 5, amending the Law 3/2004 of December 29, 
through which measures for combating late payment in commercial transactions are set, is as follows:
Payments made and pending payments (Millions of Euros)
2024
2023
Average payment period to third parties (days)
28
23
Ratio of outstanding payment transactions (days) (1)
28
23
Ratio outstanding payment transactions (days) (1)
19
18
Total payments
3,028
3,053
Total outstanding payments
166
136
(1) To obtain these ratios, the total number of registered invoices is taken into account.
Including other BBVA Group companies in Spain, the total payments made for the years 2024 and 2023 amounted to €3,033 million 
and €3,058 million.
The data shown in the table above on payments to suppliers refer to those which by their nature are trade creditors for the supply of 
goods and services, so data relating to "Other financial liabilities - Creditors for other payment obligations " is included in the balance.
As of December 31, 2023, according to Law 18/2022, of September 28, on creation and development of entities, BBVA paid a total of 
131,378 invoices (representing 89.6% of the total invoices received) with a total amount of €2,071 million (representing 95.5% of the 
volume invoiced) in a period less than or equal to the maximum established in the delinquency regulations.
56.
Subsequent events
On January 14, 2025, BBVA carried out an issuance of perpetual contingent convertible securities with exclusion of shareholders' pre-
emptive subscription rights, for a total nominal amount of USD 1 billion. This issuance is listed on the New York Stock Exchange and 
was targeted only at qualified investors, not being offered or sold to any retail clients. Likewise, on January 28, 2025, the Bank 
announced its irrevocable decision to redeem in whole on March 5, 2025, the issuance of contingently convertible preferred securities 
(which qualified as additional tier 1 instruments) carried out by the Bank on September 5, 2019, for an amount of USD 1 billion on the 
First Reset Date and once the prior consent from the Regulator was obtained (see Note 22.4).
On January 30, 2025, it was announced that a cash distribution in the amount of €0.41 gross per share to be paid presumably in April 
2025 as the final dividend for the year 2024, and the execution of a share buyback program of BBVA for an amount of €993 million 
were planned to be proposed to the corresponding corporate bodies for consideration as ordinary remuneration to shareholders for 
2024, subject to obtaining the corresponding regulatory authorizations and approval by the Board of Directors of the specific terms 
and conditions of the program, which will be communicated to the market prior to the start of its execution (see Note 4).
From January 1, 2025 to the date of preparation of these Consolidated Financial Statements, no other subsequent events not 
mentioned above in these financial statements have taken place that could significantly affect the Group’s earnings or its equity 
position.
57.
Explanation added for translation into English
These consolidated financial statements are presented on the basis of IFRS, as adopted by the European Union. Certain accounting 
practices applied by the Group that conform to EU-IFRS may not conform to other generally accepted accounting principles.
Consolidated Financial Statements Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
191
Translation of the Consolidated Financial Statements originally issued in Spanish and prepared in accordance with EU-IFRS, as adopted 
by the European Union (see Notes 1 to 56). In the event of a discrepancy, the Spanish-language version prevails

Appendices
Consolidated Financial Statements Appendices
192
Translation of the Consolidated Financial Statements originally issued in Spanish and prepared in accordance with EU-IFRS, as adopted 
by the European Union (see Notes 1 to 56). In the event of a discrepancy, the Spanish-language version prevails

APPENDIX I. Additional information on subsidiaries and structured entities composing 
the BBVA Group as of December 31, 2024
% share of participation (1)   
Millions of Euros (2)
Affiliate entity data
Company
Location
Activity
Direct
Indirect
Total
Net carrying 
amount
Equity 
excluding 
profit (loss)
31.12.2024
Profit (loss) 
31.12.2024
ACTIVOS MACORP SL
SPAIN
REAL ESTATE
50.64
49.36
100.00
3
3
—
ADQUIRA MEXICO SA DE CV
MEXICO                              
SERVICES
—
100.00
100.00
10
6
4
ALCALA 120 PROMOC. Y GEST.IMMOB. S.L.
SPAIN
REAL ESTATE
—
100.00
100.00
19
19
—
ANIDA GRUPO INMOBILIARIO SL
SPAIN
INVESTMENT COMPANY
100.00
—
100.00
941
916
36
ANIDA INMOBILIARIA, S.A. DE C.V.
MEXICO                              
INVESTMENT COMPANY
—
100.00
100.00
16
15
1
ANIDA OPERACIONES SINGULARES, S.A.
SPAIN
REAL ESTATE
—
100.00
100.00
874
860
14
ANIDA PROYECTOS INMOBILIARIOS, S.A. DE C.V.
MEXICO                              
REAL ESTATE
—
100.00
100.00
14
13
1
ANIDAPORT INVESTIMENTOS IMOBILIARIOS, 
UNIPESSOAL, LTDA
PORTUGAL                            
REAL ESTATE
—
100.00
100.00
22
13
3
ANTHEMIS BBVA VENTURE PARTNERSHIP LLP
UNITED KINGDOM
INVESTMENT COMPANY
—
100.00
100.00
11
12
—
ARRAHONA NEXUS, S.L.
SPAIN
REAL ESTATE
—
100.00
100.00
56
62
—
ARRELS CT FINSOL, S.A.
SPAIN
REAL ESTATE
—
100.00
100.00
59
75
—
ARRELS CT PATRIMONI I PROJECTES, S.A.
SPAIN
REAL ESTATE
—
100.00
100.00
22
22
1
ARRELS CT PROMOU SA
SPAIN
REAL ESTATE
—
100.00
100.00
17
24
6
BANCO BBVA ARGENTINA S.A.
ARGENTINA
BANKING
40.01
26.54
66.55
158
597
1,350
BANCO BBVA PERÚ SA ⁽³⁾
PERU                                
BANKING
—
47.13
47.13
1,606
2,942
465
BANCO BILBAO VIZCAYA ARGENTARIA URUGUAY 
SA
URUGUAY                             
BANKING
100.00
—
100.00
110
254
76
BANCO OCCIDENTAL SA
SPAIN
BANKING
49.43
50.57
100.00
17
19
1
BANCO PROVINCIAL OVERSEAS NV
CURAÇAO
BANKING
—
100.00
100.00
53
46
7
BANCO PROVINCIAL SA - BANCO UNIVERSAL
VENEZUELA
BANKING
1.46
53.75
55.21
46
267
(6)
BBV AMERICA SL
SPAIN
INVESTMENT COMPANY
99.80
0.20
100.00
—
659
93
BBVA (SUIZA) SA
SWITZERLAND
BANKING
100.00
—
100.00
115
153
9
BBVA AGENCIA DE SEGUROS COLOMBIA LTDA
COLOMBIA                            
INSURANCES SERVICES
—
100.00
100.00
—
—
—
BBVA ASSET MANAGEMENT ARGENTINA SAU 
SOCIEDAD GERENTE DE FONDOS COMUNES DE 
INVERSIÓN
ARGENTINA
INVESTMENT FUND 
MANAGEMENT
—
100.00
100.00
29
—
28
BBVA ASSET MANAGEMENT MEXICO SA DE CV, 
SOC.OPERADORA DE FONDOS DE INVERSION, 
GRUPO FRO. BBVA MEXICO
MEXICO                              
INVESTMENT FUND 
MANAGEMENT
—
100.00
100.00
38
10
29
BBVA ASSET MANAGEMENT SA SAF
PERU                                
INVESTMENT FUND 
MANAGEMENT
—
100.00
100.00
8
6
2
BBVA ASSET MANAGEMENT SA SGIIC
SPAIN
INVESTMENT FUND 
MANAGEMENT
100.00
—
100.00
36
(84)
156
BBVA ASSET MANAGEMENT SA SOCIEDAD 
FIDUCIARIA (BBVA FIDUCIARIA)
COLOMBIA                            
INVESTMENT FUND 
MANAGEMENT
—
100.00
100.00
29
18
11
BBVA BOLSA SOCIEDAD AGENTE DE BOLSA S.A.
PERU                                
SECURITIES DEALER
—
100.00
100.00
6
4
3
BBVA BRASIL BANCO DE INVESTIMENTO SA
BRAZIL
BANKING
100.00
—
100.00
14
19
(8)
BBVA BROKER ARGENTINA SA
ARGENTINA
INSURANCES SERVICES
—
99.96
99.96
—
3
11
BBVA BROKER CORREDURIA DE SEGUROS Y 
REASEGUROS SA
SPAIN
FINANCIAL SERVICES
99.94
0.06
100.00
—
4
7
BBVA COLOMBIA SA
COLOMBIA                            
BANKING
78.12
18.22
96.34
740
1,592
(84)
BBVA CONSUMER FINANCE ENTIDAD DE 
DESARROLLO A LA PEQUEÑA Y MICRO EMPRESA 
EDPYME SA (BBVA CONSUMER FINANCE - 
EDPYME)
PERU                                
IN LIQUIDATION
—
100.00
100.00
5
4
—
BBVA DISTRIBUIDORA DE SEGUROS S.R.L.
URUGUAY                             
FINANCIAL SERVICES
—
100.00
100.00
7
2
4
BBVA FUNDOS S.GESTORA FUNDOS PENSOES SA
PORTUGAL                            
PENSION FUND 
MANAGEMENT
100.00
—
100.00
11
9
2
BBVA GLOBAL FINANCE LTD
CAYMAN ISLANDS
OTHER ISSUANCE 
COMPANIES
100.00
—
100.00
—
6
—
BBVA GLOBAL MARKETS BV
NETHERLANDS
OTHER ISSUANCE 
COMPANIES
100.00
—
100.00
—
—
—
(1) In accordance with Article 3 of Royal Decree 1159/2010, of September 17, in order to determine the state, the voting power relating to subsidiaries was added to the voting 
power directly held by the parent. Therefore, the number of votes corresponding to the parent company (including indirect control subsidiaries), corresponds to each subsidiary 
holding a direct ownership interest.
(2) Amount without considering the interim dividends of the year, according to the provisional financial statements of each company, generally as of December 31, 2024. In the 
carrying amount (net of provision and hedge in foreign operations), the Group´s ownership percentage has been applied, without considering the impairment of goodwill. 
Information on individual companies and foreign companies at exchange rate as of December 31, 2024. The data of the companies in Turkey and Argentina are prior to the 
application of hyperinflation accounting.
(3) Full consolidation method is used according to accounting rules (see Glossary). 
Consolidated Financial Statements Appendices
193
Translation of the Consolidated Financial Statements originally issued in Spanish and prepared in accordance with EU-IFRS, as adopted 
by the European Union (see Notes 1 to 56). In the event of a discrepancy, the Spanish-language version prevails

Additional information on subsidiaries and structured entities composing the BBVA 
Group as of December 31, 2024 (continued)
% share of participation (1) 
Millions of Euros (2)
Affiliate entity data
Company
Location
Activity
Direct
Indirect
Total
Net carrying 
amount
Equity 
excluding 
profit (loss)
31.12.2024
Profit (loss) 
31.12.2024
BBVA GLOBAL SECURITIES, B.V.
NETHERLANDS
OTHER ISSUANCE 
COMPANIES
100.00
—
100.00
—
—
—
BBVA GLOBAL WEALTH ADVISORS INC
UNITED STATES
FINANCIAL SERVICES
100.00
—
100.00
7
16
(10)
BBVA HOLDING CHILE SA
CHILE
INVESTMENT COMPANY
61.22
38.78
100.00
158
290
18
BBVA INSTITUIÇAO FINANCEIRA DE CREDITO SA
PORTUGAL  
FINANCIAL SERVICES
49.90
50.10
100.00
39
63
2
BBVA LEASING MEXICO SA DE CV
MEXICO  
FINANCIAL SERVICES
—
100.00
100.00
51
257
31
BBVA MEDIACION OPERADOR DE BANCA-
SEGUROS VINCULADO, S.A.
SPAIN
FINANCIAL SERVICES
99.99
0.01
100.00
11
(17)
33
BBVA MEXICO SA INSTITUCION DE BANCA 
MULTIPLE GRUPO FINANCIERO BBVA MEXICO
MEXICO  
BANKING
—
100.00
100.00
16,766
12,067
4,699
BBVA OPERADORA MEXICO SA DE CV
MEXICO  
SERVICES
100.00
—
100.00
72
68
7
BBVA PENSIONES MEXICO, S.A. DE C.V., GRUPO 
FINANCIERO BBVA MEXICO
MEXICO  
INSURANCES SERVICES
—
100.00
100.00
348
273
74
BBVA PENSIONES SA ENTIDAD GESTORA DE 
FONDOS DE PENSIONES
SPAIN
PENSION FUND 
MANAGEMENT
100.00
—
100.00
13
14
12
BBVA PERU HOLDING SAC
PERU  
INVESTMENT COMPANY
100.00
—
100.00
149
1,404
219
BBVA PREVISION AFP SA ADM.DE FONDOS DE 
PENSIONES
BOLIVIA  
PENSION FUND 
MANAGEMENT
75.00
5.00
80.00
2
5
(1)
BBVA PROCESSING SERVICES INC.
UNITED STATES
FINANCIAL SERVICES
100.00
—
100.00
1
2
—
BBVA RE INHOUSE COMPAÑIA DE REASEGUROS, 
S.E.
SPAIN
INSURANCES SERVICES
100.00
—
100.00
63
60
5
BBVA SECURITIES INC
UNITED STATES
FINANCIAL SERVICES
100.00
—
100.00
233
243
15
BBVA SEGUROS ARGENTINA SA
ARGENTINA
INSURANCES SERVICES
87.78
12.22
100.00
11
30
25
BBVA SEGUROS CA
VENEZUELA
INSURANCES SERVICES
—
100.00
100.00
10
9
—
BBVA SEGUROS COLOMBIA SA
COLOMBIA  
INSURANCES SERVICES
94.00
6.00
100.00
10
29
10
BBVA SEGUROS DE VIDA COLOMBIA SA
COLOMBIA  
INSURANCES SERVICES
94.00
6.00
100.00
14
131
50
BBVA SEGUROS MÉXICO SA DE CV GRUPO 
FINANCIERO BBVA MEXICO
MEXICO  
INSURANCES SERVICES
—
100.00
100.00
674
110
564
BBVA SEGUROS SA DE SEGUROS Y REASEGUROS
SPAIN
INSURANCES SERVICES
99.96
—
99.96
713
377
251
BBVA SEGUROS SALUD MEXICO SA DE CV GRUPO 
FRO. BBVA MEXICO.
MEXICO  
INSURANCES SERVICES
—
100.00
100.00
28
22
6
BBVA SERVICIOS ADMINISTRATIVOS MEXICO, 
S.A. DE C.V.
MEXICO  
SERVICES
—
100.00
100.00
25
23
2
BBVA SERVICIOS, S.A.
SPAIN
COMMERCIAL
—
100.00
100.00
—
—
—
BBVA SOCIEDAD TITULIZADORA S.A.
PERU  
OTHER ISSUANCE 
COMPANIES
—
100.00
100.00
1
1
—
BBVA TECHNOLOGY AMERICA SA
MEXICO  
SERVICES
100.00
—
100.00
219
249
17
BBVA TECHNOLOGY SLU
SPAIN
SERVICES
100.00
—
100.00
44
46
7
BBVA TRADE, S.A.
SPAIN
INVESTMENT COMPANY
—
100.00
100.00
9
9
1
BBVA VALORES COLOMBIA SA COMISIONISTA DE 
BOLSA
COLOMBIA  
SECURITIES DEALER
—
100.00
100.00
14
11
4
BILBAO VIZCAYA INVESTMENTS SA 
UNIPERSONAL
SPAIN
INVESTMENT COMPANY
100.00
—
100.00
482
510
41
CARTERA E INVERSIONES SA
SPAIN
INVESTMENT COMPANY
100.00
—
100.00
92
137
1
CASA DE BOLSA BBVA MEXICO SA DE CV
MEXICO  
SECURITIES DEALER
—
100.00
100.00
85
41
44
CATALUNYACAIXA IMMOBILIARIA SA
SPAIN
REAL ESTATE
100.00
—
100.00
159
145
13
CATALUNYACAIXA SERVEIS SA
SPAIN
SERVICES
100.00
—
100.00
2
2
—
CIDESSA DOS, S.L.
SPAIN
INVESTMENT COMPANY
—
100.00
100.00
2
2
—
CIERVANA SL
SPAIN
INVESTMENT COMPANY
100.00
—
100.00
53
83
2
COMERCIALIZADORA CORPORATIVA SAC
PERU  
FINANCIAL SERVICES
—
50.00
50.00
—
—
—
(1) In accordance with Article 3 of Royal Decree 1159/2010, of September 17, in order to determine the state, the voting power relating to subsidiaries was added to the voting 
power directly held by the parent. Therefore, the number of votes corresponding to the parent company (including indirect control subsidiaries), corresponds to each subsidiary 
holding a direct ownership interest.
(2) Amount without considering the interim dividends of the year, according to the provisional financial statements of each company, generally as of December 31, 2024. In the 
carrying amount (net of provision and hedge in foreign operations), the Group´s ownership percentage has been applied, without considering the impairment of goodwill. 
Information on individual companies and foreign companies at exchange rate as of December 31, 2024. The data of the companies in Turkey and Argentina are prior to the 
application of hyperinflation accounting.
Consolidated Financial Statements Appendices
194
Translation of the Consolidated Financial Statements originally issued in Spanish and prepared in accordance with EU-IFRS, as adopted 
by the European Union (see Notes 1 to 56). In the event of a discrepancy, the Spanish-language version prevails

Additional information on subsidiaries and structured entities composing the BBVA 
Group as of December 31, 2024 (continued)
% share of participation (1)   
Millions of Euros (2)
Affiliate entity data
Company
Location
Activity
Direct
Indirect
Total
Net carrying amount
Equity excluding 
profit (loss)
31.12.2024
Profit (loss) 
31.12.2024
COMERCIALIZADORA DE SERVICIOS 
FINANCIEROS, S.A.
COLOMBIA                       SERVICES
—
100.00
100.00
5
5
—
COMPAÑIA CHILENA DE INVERSIONES 
SL
SPAIN
INVESTMENT COMPANY
99.97
0.03
100.00
221
268
8
CONSOLIDAR A.F.J.P SA
ARGENTINA
IN LIQUIDATION
46.11
53.89
100.00
1
—
—
CONTENTS AREA, S.L.
SPAIN
SERVICES
—
100.00
100.00
5
5
—
CONTINENTAL DPR FINANCE COMPANY 
BV
NETHERLANDS
FINANCIAL SERVICES
—
100.00
100.00
—
—
—
CORPORACION GENERAL FINANCIERA 
SAU
SPAIN
INVESTMENT COMPANY
100.00
—
100.00
510
939
67
CREA MADRID NUEVO NORTE SA
SPAIN
REAL ESTATE
—
75.54
75.54
349
466
(5)
DEUTSCHE BANK MEXICO SA 
FIDEICOMISO F/1859
MEXICO                             FINANCIAL SERVICES
—
100.00
100.00
—
—
—
DEUTSCHE BANK MEXICO SA 
FIDEICOMISO F/1860
MEXICO                             FINANCIAL SERVICES
—
100.00
100.00
—
—
—
DIGITAL INVESTMENTS SL
SPAIN
HOLDING THAT 
MANAGES MOSTLY 
FINANCIAL 
SUBSIDIARIES
99.98
0.03
100.01
92
42
—
ECASA, S.A.
CHILE
FINANCIAL SERVICES
—
100.00
100.00
27
26
1
EMPRENDIMIENTOS DE VALOR S.A.
URUGUAY                         FINANCIAL SERVICES
—
100.00
100.00
3
3
(1)
EUROPEA DE TITULIZACION SA SGFT
SPAIN
FINANCIAL SERVICES
88.24
—
88.24
2
20
3
F/11395 FIDEICOMISO IRREVOCABLE DE 
ADMINISTRACION CON DERECHO DE 
REVERSION ⁽³⁾
MEXICO                             REAL ESTATE
—
42.40
42.40
—
1
—
F/253863 EL DESEO RESIDENCIAL
MEXICO                             REAL ESTATE
—
65.00
65.00
—
1
—
FIDEICOMISO 28991-8 TRADING EN LOS 
MCADOS FINANCIEROS
MEXICO                             FINANCIAL SERVICES
—
100.00
100.00
4
3
—
FIDEICOMISO F/29764-8 SOCIO 
LIQUIDADOR DE OPERACIONES 
FINANCIERAS DERIVADAS
MEXICO                             FINANCIAL SERVICES
—
100.00
100.00
99
87
12
FIDEICOMISO F/403112-6 DE 
ADMINISTRACION DOS LAGOS
MEXICO                             REAL ESTATE
—
100.00
100.00
—
—
—
FIDEICOMISO HARES BBVA BANCOMER 
F/ 47997-2
MEXICO                             REAL ESTATE
—
100.00
100.00
1
—
1
FIDEICOMISO INMUEBLES CONJUNTO 
RESIDENCIAL HORIZONTES DE VILLA 
CAMPESTRE
COLOMBIA                       REAL ESTATE
—
100.00
100.00
—
1
—
FIDEICOMISO LOTE 6.1 ZARAGOZA
COLOMBIA                       REAL ESTATE
—
59.99
59.99
—
2
—
FIDEICOMISO SCOTIABANK INVERLAT S 
A F100322908
MEXICO                             REAL ESTATE
—
100.00
100.00
—
—
—
FOMENTO Y DESARROLLO DE 
CONJUNTOS RESIDENCIALES S.L. EN 
LIQUIDACION
SPAIN
IN LIQUIDATION
—
60.00
60.00
—
—
—
FORUM COMERCIALIZADORA DEL PERU 
SA
PERU                                
SERVICES
—
100.00
100.00
1
1
—
FORUM DISTRIBUIDORA DEL PERU SA
PERU                                
FINANCIAL SERVICES
—
100.00
100.00
8
9
(1)
FORUM DISTRIBUIDORA, S.A.
CHILE
FINANCIAL SERVICES
—
100.00
100.00
56
47
7
FORUM SERVICIOS FINANCIEROS, S.A.
CHILE
FINANCIAL SERVICES
—
100.00
100.00
228
218
11
G NETHERLANDS BV
NETHERLANDS
INVESTMENT COMPANY
—
100.00
100.00
393
323
—
GARANTI BANK SA
ROMANIA
BANKING
—
100.00
100.00
252
400
27
GARANTI BBVA AS
TURKEY
BANKING
85.97
—
85.97
7,534
6,743
2,468
GARANTI BBVA DIJITAL VARLIKLAR 
ANONIM SIRKETI
TURKEY
FINANCIAL SERVICES
—
100.00
100.00
36
33
(3)
GARANTI BBVA EMEKLILIK AS
TURKEY
INSURANCES SERVICES
—
84.91
84.91
147
69
114
GARANTI BBVA FACTORING AS
TURKEY
FINANCIAL SERVICES
—
81.84
81.84
71
47
39
GARANTI BBVA FILO AS
TURKEY
SERVICES
—
100.00
100.00
205
147
56
GARANTI BBVA FINANSAL 
TEKNOLOJILER AS
TURKEY
FINANCIAL SERVICES
—
100.00
100.00
30
35
1
GARANTI BBVA LEASING AS
TURKEY
FINANCIAL SERVICES
—
100.00
100.00
319
213
106
GARANTI BBVA PORTFOY YONETIMI AS
TURKEY
INVESTMENT FUND 
MANAGEMENT
—
100.00
100.00
43
15
29
(1) In accordance with Article 3 of Royal Decree 1159/2010, of September 17, in order to determine the state, the voting power relating to subsidiaries was added to the voting 
power directly held by the parent. Therefore, the number of votes corresponding to the parent company (including indirect control subsidiaries), corresponds to each subsidiary 
holding a direct ownership interest.
(2) Amount without considering the interim dividends of the year, according to the provisional financial statements of each company, generally as of December 31, 2024. In the 
carrying amount (net of provision and hedge in foreign operations), the Group´s ownership percentage has been applied, without considering the impairment of goodwill. 
Information on individual companies and foreign companies at exchange rate as of December 31, 2024. The data of the companies in Turkey and Argentina are prior to the 
application of hyperinflation accounting.
(3) Full consolidation method is used according to accounting rules (see Glossary). 
Consolidated Financial Statements Appendices
195
Translation of the Consolidated Financial Statements originally issued in Spanish and prepared in accordance with EU-IFRS, as adopted 
by the European Union (see Notes 1 to 56). In the event of a discrepancy, the Spanish-language version prevails

Additional information on subsidiaries and structured entities composing the BBVA 
Group as of December 31, 2024 (continued)
% share of participation (1)   
Millions of Euros (2)
Affiliate entity data
Company
Location
Activity
Direct
Indirect
Total
Net carrying 
amount
Equity excluding 
profit (loss)
31.12.2024
Profit (loss) 
31.12.2024
GARANTI BBVA YATIRIM AS
TURKEY
FINANCIAL SERVICES
—
100.00
100.00
270
148
122
GARANTI DIVERSIFIED PAYMENT RIGHTS FINANCE 
COMPANY
CAYMAN ISLANDS
OTHER ISSUANCE 
COMPANIES
—
100.00
100.00
—
(11)
(1)
GARANTI FILO SIGORTA ARACILIK HIZMETLERI A.S.
TURKEY
FINANCIAL SERVICES
—
100.00
100.00
—
1
1
GARANTI HOLDING BV
NETHERLANDS
INVESTMENT COMPANY
—
100.00
100.00
643
393
—
GARANTI KONUT FINANSMANI DANISMANLIK 
HIZMETLERI AS (GARANTI MORTGAGE)
TURKEY
SERVICES
—
100.00
100.00
—
—
—
GARANTI KULTUR AS
TURKEY
SERVICES
—
100.00
100.00
—
—
—
GARANTI ODEME SISTEMLERI AS (GOSAS)
TURKEY
FINANCIAL SERVICES
—
100.00
100.00
19
10
11
GARANTI ODEME VE ELEKTRONIK PARA HIZMETLERI 
ANONIM SIRKETI
TURKEY
PAYMENT ENTITIES
—
100.00
100.00
13
17
(5)
GARANTI YATIRIM ORTAKLIGI AS ⁽³⁾ ⁽⁴⁾
TURKEY
INVESTMENT COMPANY
—
3.61
3.61
—
2
—
GARANTIBANK BBVA INTERNATIONAL N.V.
NETHERLANDS
BANKING
—
100.00
100.00
931
751
101
GESCAT GESTIO DE SOL SL
SPAIN
REAL ESTATE
100.00
—
100.00
7
8
(1)
GESCAT LLEVANT, S.L.
SPAIN
REAL ESTATE
—
100.00
100.00
1
1
—
GESCAT LLOGUERS SL
SPAIN
REAL ESTATE
100.00
—
100.00
—
—
—
GESCAT VIVENDES EN COMERCIALITZACIO SL
SPAIN
REAL ESTATE
100.00
—
100.00
32
29
3
GESTION DE PREVISION Y PENSIONES SA
SPAIN
PENSION FUND 
MANAGEMENT
60.00
—
60.00
9
16
6
GESTION Y ADMINISTRACION DE RECIBOS, S.A. - 
GARSA
SPAIN
SERVICES
—
100.00
100.00
1
2
—
GRAN JORGE JUAN SA
SPAIN
REAL ESTATE
100.00
—
100.00
424
461
16
GRUPO FINANCIERO BBVA MEXICO SA DE CV
MEXICO                              
FINANCIAL SERVICES
99.98
—
99.98
9,395
14,614
5,419
HANS FACTORY SL
SPAIN
FINANCIAL SERVICES
—
100.00
100.00
5
5
(2)
INMUEBLES Y RECUPERACIONES BBVA SA
PERU                                
REAL ESTATE
—
100.00
100.00
39
39
—
INVERAHORRO SL
SPAIN
INVESTMENT COMPANY
100.00
—
100.00
335
339
(4)
INVERSIONES ALDAMA, C.A.
VENEZUELA
IN LIQUIDATION
—
100.00
100.00
—
—
—
INVERSIONES BANPRO INTERNATIONAL INC NV ⁽³⁾
CURAÇAO
INVESTMENT COMPANY
48.00
—
48.00
16
48
7
INVERSIONES BAPROBA CA
VENEZUELA
FINANCIAL SERVICES
100.00
—
100.00
—
—
—
INVERSIONES P.H.R.4, C.A.
VENEZUELA
INACTIVE
—
60.46
60.46
—
—
—
MADIVA SOLUCIONES, S.L.
SPAIN
SERVICES
—
100.00
100.00
4
3
1
MOTORACTIVE IFN SA
ROMANIA
FINANCIAL SERVICES
—
100.00
100.00
34
39
4
MOTORACTIVE MULTISERVICES SRL
ROMANIA
SERVICES
—
100.00
100.00
—
4
—
MOVISTAR CONSUMER FINANCE COLOMBIA SAS
COLOMBIA                            
IN LIQUIDATION
—
50.00
50.00
—
16
(10)
MULTIASISTENCIA, S.A. DE C.V.
MEXICO                              
INSURANCES SERVICES
—
100.00
100.00
69
40
29
OPENPAY ARGENTINA SA
ARGENTINA
PAYMENT ENTITIES
—
100.00
100.00
7
5
(2)
OPENPAY COLOMBIA SAS
COLOMBIA                            
PAYMENT ENTITIES
—
100.00
100.00
2
3
(2)
OPENPAY PERÚ SA
PERU                                
PAYMENT ENTITIES
—
100.00
100.00
17
7
(6)
OPENPAY SA DE CV
MEXICO                              
PAYMENT ENTITIES
—
100.00
100.00
41
35
(16)
OPENPAY SERVICIOS S.A. DE C.V.
MEXICO                              
SERVICES
—
100.00
100.00
—
—
—
OPERADORA DOS LAGOS S.A. DE C.V.
MEXICO                              
SERVICES
—
100.00
100.00
—
—
—
OPPLUS OPERACIONES Y SERVICIOS SA
SPAIN
SERVICES
100.00
—
100.00
1
42
8
(1) In accordance with Article 3 of Royal Decree 1159/2010, of September 17, in order to determine the state, the voting power relating to subsidiaries was added to the voting 
power directly held by the parent. Therefore, the number of votes corresponding to the parent company (including indirect control subsidiaries), corresponds to each subsidiary 
holding a direct ownership interest.
(2) Amount without considering the interim dividends of the year, according to the provisional financial statements of each company, generally as of December 31, 2024. In the 
carrying amount (net of provision and hedge in foreign operations), the Group´s ownership percentage has been applied, without considering the impairment of goodwill. 
Information on individual companies and foreign companies at exchange rate as of December 31, 2024. The data of the companies in Turkey and Argentina are prior to the 
application of hyperinflation accounting.
(3) Full consolidation method is used according to accounting rules (see Glossary). 
(4) The percentage of voting rights owned by the Group entities in this company is 99.97%.
Consolidated Financial Statements Appendices
196
Translation of the Consolidated Financial Statements originally issued in Spanish and prepared in accordance with EU-IFRS, as adopted 
by the European Union (see Notes 1 to 56). In the event of a discrepancy, the Spanish-language version prevails

Additional information on subsidiaries and structured entities composing the BBVA 
Group as of December 31, 2024 (continued)
% share of participation (1)   
Millions of Euros (2)
Affiliate entity data
Company
Location
Activity
Direct
Indirect
Total
Net carrying 
amount
Equity excluding 
profit (loss)
31.12.2024
Profit (loss) 
31.12.2024
PECRI INVERSION SL
SPAIN
INVESTMENT 
COMPANY
100.00
—
100.00
68
69
(1)
PROMOTORA DEL VALLES, S.L.
SPAIN
REAL ESTATE
—
100.00
100.00
15
20
1
PRONORTE UNO PROCAM, S.A.
SPAIN
REAL ESTATE
—
100.00
100.00
1
1
—
PROPEL EXPLORER FUND I LP
UNITED STATES
INVESTMENT 
COMPANY
—
99.50
99.50
39
41
(2)
PROPEL EXPLORER FUND II LP
UNITED STATES
INVESTMENT 
COMPANY
—
99.50
99.50
8
9
(1)
PROPEL VENTURE PARTNERS BRAZIL US LP
UNITED STATES
INVESTMENT 
COMPANY
—
99.80
99.80
13
22
(7)
PROPEL VENTURE PARTNERS GLOBAL US, LP
UNITED STATES
INVESTMENT 
COMPANY
—
99.50
99.50
154
211
2
PROPEL VENTURE PARTNERS US FUND I, L.P.
UNITED STATES
VENTURE 
CAPITAL
—
99.50
99.50
160
233
(9)
PROPEL XYZ I LP
UNITED STATES
INVESTMENT 
COMPANY
—
99.40
99.40
21
18
3
PRO-SALUD, C.A.
VENEZUELA
INACTIVE
—
58.86
58.86
—
—
—
PROVINCIAL DE VALORES CASA DE BOLSA CA
VENEZUELA
SECURITIES 
DEALER
—
90.00
90.00
1
1
—
PROVINCIAL SDAD.ADMIN.DE ENTIDADES DE 
INV.COLECTIVA CA
VENEZUELA
INVESTMENT 
FUND 
MANAGEMENT
—
100.00
100.00
1
1
—
PROVIVIENDA ENTIDAD RECAUDADORA Y 
ADMIN.DE APORTES, S.A.
BOLIVIA                     PENSION FUND 
MANAGEMENT
—
100.00
100.00
—
1
—
PSA FINANCE ARGENTINA COMPAÑIA 
FINANCIERA SA
ARGENTINA
BANKING
—
50.00
50.00
13
11
15
RALFI IFN SA
ROMANIA
FINANCIAL 
SERVICES
—
100.00
100.00
36
10
(4)
RPV COMPANY
CAYMAN 
ISLANDS
OTHER 
ISSUANCE 
COMPANIES
—
100.00
100.00
—
—
—
SATICEM GESTIO SL
SPAIN
REAL ESTATE
100.00
—
100.00
2
2
—
SATICEM HOLDING SL
SPAIN
REAL ESTATE
100.00
—
100.00
5
5
—
SOCIEDAD DE ESTUDIOS Y ANALISIS 
FINANCIERO SA
SPAIN
SERVICES
100.00
—
100.00
19
19
—
SOCIEDAD PERUANA DE FINANCIAMIENTO 
SAC
PERU                           FINANCIAL 
SERVICES
—
50.00
50.00
3
6
(2)
SPORT CLUB 18 SA
SPAIN
INVESTMENT 
COMPANY
100.00
—
100.00
20
11
9
TREE INVERSIONES INMOBILIARIAS SA
SPAIN
REAL ESTATE
100.00
—
100.00
1,230
195
85
TRIFOI REAL ESTATE SRL
ROMANIA
REAL ESTATE
—
100.00
100.00
1
1
—
UNNIM SOCIEDAD PARA LA GESTION DE 
ACTIVOS INMOBILIARIOS SA
SPAIN
REAL ESTATE
100.00
—
100.00
516
367
110
URBANIZADORA SANT LLORENC SA
SPAIN
INACTIVE
60.60
—
60.60
—
—
—
VOLKSWAGEN FINANCIAL SERVICES 
COMPAÑIA FINANCIERA SA
ARGENTINA
BANKING
—
51.00
51.00
27
21
32
(1) In accordance with Article 3 of Royal Decree 1159/2010, of September 17, in order to determine the state, the voting power relating to subsidiaries was added to the voting 
power directly held by the parent. Therefore, the number of votes corresponding to the parent company (including indirect control subsidiaries), corresponds to each subsidiary 
holding a direct ownership interest.
(2) Amount without considering the interim dividends of the year, according to the provisional financial statements of each company, generally as of December 31, 2024. In the 
carrying amount (net of provision and hedge in foreign operations), the Group´s ownership percentage has been applied, without considering the impairment of goodwill. 
Information on individual companies and foreign companies at exchange rate as of December 31, 2024. The data of the companies in Turkey and Argentina are prior to the 
application of hyperinflation accounting.
This Appendix is an integral part of Note 3 of the consolidated financial statements for the year ended December 31, 2024.
Consolidated Financial Statements Appendices
197
Translation of the Consolidated Financial Statements originally issued in Spanish and prepared in accordance with EU-IFRS, as adopted 
by the European Union (see Notes 1 to 56). In the event of a discrepancy, the Spanish-language version prevails

APPENDIX II. Additional information on investments joint ventures and associates in the 
BBVA Group as of December 31, 2024
Most significant companies are included, which together represent 99.65% of the total investment in this group.
% share of participation 
Millions of Euros (1)
Affiliate entity data
Company
Location
Activity
Direct
Indirect
Total
Consolid
ated Net 
carrying 
amount
Assets 
31.12.2024
Liabilities 
31.12.2024
Equity 
excluding 
profit 
(loss) 
31.12.2024
Profit 
(loss) 
31.12.2024
ASSOCIATES
ADQUIRA ESPAÑA, S.A.
SPAIN
SERVICES
—
44.44
44.44
5
19
9
10
1
ATOM HOLDCO LIMITED
UNITED 
KINGDOM
INVESTMENT 
COMPANY
49.45
—
49.45
222
9,209
8,709
491
9
BBVA ALLIANZ SEGUROS Y REASEGUROS, S.A.
SPAIN
INSURANCES 
SERVICES
—
50.00
50.00
265
1,053
488
543
23
COMPAÑIA PERUANA DE MEDIOS DE PAGO SAC (VISANET 
PERU)
PERU
PAYMENT ENTITIES
—
20.20
20.20
2
290
281
5
4
CORPORACION SUICHE 7B CA
VENEZUELA
FINANCIAL SERVICES
—
19.80
19.80
2
16
4
6
6
FIDEICOMISO F/00185 FIMPE - FIDEICOMISO F/00185 PARA 
EXTENDER A LA SOCIEDAD LOS BENEFICIOS DEL ACCESO A 
LA INFRAESTRUCTURA DE LOS MEDIOS DE PAGO 
ELECTRONICOS
MEXICO
FINANCIAL SERVICES
—
28.50
28.50
1
5
—
3
2
METROVACESA SA
SPAIN
REAL ESTATE
20.85
—
20.85
300
2,456
884
1,581
(8)
PROMOCIONS TERRES CAVADES, S.A.
SPAIN
REAL ESTATE
—
39.11
39.11
1
3
—
3
—
REDSYS SERVICIOS DE PROCESAMIENTO SL
SPAIN
FINANCIAL SERVICES
24.90
—
24.90
20
157
78
74
5
ROMBO COMPAÑIA FINANCIERA SA
ARGENTINA
BANKING
—
40.00
40.00
10
88
64
7
17
SBD CREIXENT, S.A.
SPAIN
REAL ESTATE
—
23.05
23.05
1
6
—
6
—
SEGURIDAD Y PROTECCION BANCARIAS SA DE CV
MEXICO            SERVICES
—
26.14
26.14
1
4
—
4
1
SERVICIOS ELECTRONICOS GLOBALES SA DE CV
MEXICO            SERVICES
—
46.14
46.14
43
93
—
68
25
SERVIRED SOCIEDAD ESPAÑOLA DE MEDIOS DE PAGO SA
SPAIN
FINANCIAL SERVICES
28.72
—
28.72
8
73
45
25
3
SISTEMAS DE TARJETAS Y MEDIOS DE PAGO SA
SPAIN
PAYMENT ENTITIES
20.61
—
20.61
2
482
474
6
2
TELEFONICA FACTORING ESPAÑA SA ⁽²⁾
SPAIN
FINANCIAL SERVICES
30.00
—
30.00
3
80
63
7
10
TF PERU SAC
PERU
FINANCIAL SERVICES
—
24.30
24.30
1
7
1
4
2
VERIDAS DIGITAL AUTHENTICATION SOLUTIONS S.L.
SPAIN
SERVICES
—
29.38
29.38
5
28
12
11
4
JOINT VENTURES
ALTURA MARKETS SOCIEDAD DE VALORES SA
SPAIN
SECURITIES DEALER
50.00
—
50.00
38
1,749
1,673
62
14
COMPAÑIA MEXICANA DE PROCESAMIENTO SA DE CV
MEXICO            SERVICES
—
50.00
50.00
6
11
—
13
(2)
CORPORACION IBV PARTICIPACIONES EMPRESARIALES, 
S.A. ⁽³⁾
SPAIN
INVESTMENT 
COMPANY
—
50.00
50.00
29
62
4
58
—
F/ 5356 FIDEICOMISO IRREVOCABLE DE ADM. INMOBILIARIA 
CON DERECHO DE REVERSIÓN- FIDEICOMISO SELVA
MEXICO            REAL ESTATE
—
42.40
42.40
7
17
—
17
—
FIDEICOMISO 1729 INVEX ENAJENACION DE CARTERA ⁽³⁾
MEXICO            REAL ESTATE
—
44.09
44.09
9
179
—
179
—
INVERSIONES PLATCO CA
VENEZUELA
FINANCIAL SERVICES
—
50.00
50.00
6
13
1
13
(1)
RCI COLOMBIA SA COMPAÑIA DE FINANCIAMIENTO
COLOMBIA
FINANCIAL SERVICES
—
49.00
49.00
37
780
704
76
—
(1) In foreign companies the exchange rate of December 31, 2024 is applied. 
(2) Financial Statements as of December 31, 2023.
(3) Classified as Non-current asset held for sale.
This Appendix is an integral part of Notes 3 and 16.1 of the consolidated financial statements for the year ended December 31, 2024.
Consolidated Financial Statements Appendices
198
Translation of the Consolidated Financial Statements originally issued in Spanish and prepared in accordance with EU-IFRS, as adopted 
by the European Union (see Notes 1 to 56). In the event of a discrepancy, the Spanish-language version prevails

APPENDIX III. Changes and notifications of participations in the BBVA Group in 2024
Acquisitions or increases of interest ownership in consolidated subsidiaries
Company (1)
Type of transaction
Total voting rights
controlled after the
disposal
Effective date for the 
last transaction (or 
notification Date)
BANCO BBVA PERÚ SA
ACQUISITION
47.13
17-Sep-24
BBVA COLOMBIA SA
CAPITAL INCREASE
96.35
12-Sep-24
(1) Variations of less than 0.1% have not been considered due to immateriality.
Disposals or reduction of interest ownership in consolidated subsidiaries
Company (1)
Type of transaction
Total voting rights
controlled after the
disposal
Effective date for the 
last transaction (or 
notification Date)
OPCION VOLCAN, S.A.
MERGER
—
19-Nov-24
CONTRATACION DE PERSONAL, S.A. DE C.V.
MERGER
—
19-Nov-24
MULTIASISTENCIA SERVICIOS S.A. DE C.V.
MERGER
—
25-Jan-24
MULTIASISTENCIA OPERADORA S.A. DE C.V.
MERGER
—
25-Jan-24
MISAPRE, S.A. DE C.V.
LIQUIDATION
—
10-Dec-24
SERVICIOS CORPORATIVOS DE SEGUROS, S.A. DE C.V.
MERGER
—
19-Nov-24
FINANCIERA AYUDAMOS S.A. DE C.V., SOFOMER
LIQUIDATION
—
27-Jun-24
DATA ARCHITECTURE AND TECHNOLOGY MEXICO SA DE CV
MERGER
—
15-Oct-24
DATA ARQUITECTURE AND TECHNOLOGY OPERADORA SA DE 
CV
MERGER
—
15-Oct-24
BBVA SERVICIOS CORPORATIVOS MEXICO, S.A. DE C.V.
MERGER
—
19-Nov-24
SERVICIOS EXTERNOS DE APOYO EMPRESARIAL, S.A DE C.V.
MERGER
—
19-Nov-24
BBVA NEXT TECHNOLOGIES, S.A. DE C.V.
MERGER
—
15-Oct-24
BBVA NEXT TECHNOLOGIES OPERADORA, S.A. DE C.V.
MERGER
—
15-Oct-24
MOMENTUM SOCIAL INVESTMENT HOLDING, S.L.
LIQUIDATION
—
31-Oct-24
APLICA NEXTGEN SERVICIOS S.A. DE C.V
MERGER
—
15-Oct-24
APLICA NEXTGEN OPERADORA S.A. DE C.V.
MERGER
—
15-Oct-24
ARRAHONA IMMO, S.L.
LIQUIDATION
—
11-Jul-24
CATALONIA PROMODIS 4, S.A.
LIQUIDATION
—
29-Nov-24
PROMOU CT OPENSEGRE, S.L.
LIQUIDATION
—
30-Nov-24
PORTICO PROCAM, S.L.(EN LIQUIDACIÓN)
LIQUIDATION
—
16-May-24
CAIXA MANRESA IMMOBILIARIA ON CASA SL
LIQUIDATION
—
30-Nov-24
SATICEM IMMOBLES EN ARRENDAMENT SL ( EN LIQUIDACIÓN)
LIQUIDATION
—
16-May-24
(1) Variations of less than 0.1% have not been considered due to immateriality.
Consolidated Financial Statements Appendices
199
Translation of the Consolidated Financial Statements originally issued in Spanish and prepared in accordance with EU-IFRS, as adopted 
by the European Union (see Notes 1 to 56). In the event of a discrepancy, the Spanish-language version prevails

Changes and notifications of participations in the BBVA Group in 2024 (continued)
Business combinations and other acquisitions or increases of interest ownership in associates and 
joint-ventures accounted for under the equity method
Company (1)
Type of transaction
Total voting rights
controlled after the
disposal
Effective date for the 
last transaction (or 
notification Date)
PLAY DIGITAL SA
CAPITAL INCREASE
12.16
31-Dec-24
(1) Variations of less than 0.1% have not been considered due to immateriality.
Disposal or reduction of interest ownership in associates and joint-ventures companies accounted 
for under the equity method
Company (1)
Type of transaction
Total voting rights
controlled after the
disposal
Effective date for the 
last transaction (or 
notification Date)
COMPAÑIA ESPAÑOLA DE FINANCIACION DEL DESARROLLO 
SA
SHAREHOLDERS 
AGREEMENT
16.67
01-May-24
AUREA, S.A. (CUBA)
LIQUIDATION
—
01-Mar-24
TELEFONICA FACTORING MEXICO SA DE CV
LIQUIDATION
—
04-Sep-24
NUEVO MARKETPLACE, S.L. ( EN LIQUIDACIÓN)
LIQUIDATION
—
01-Feb-24
VERIDAS DIGITAL AUTHENTICATION SOLUTIONS S.L.
DILUTION PARTIC.
29.38
12-Jan-24
SOLARIS SE
DILUTION PARTIC.
14.70
31-Mar-24
EURO LENDERT, S.L. (EN LIQUIDACIÓN)
LIQUIDATION
—
02-May-24
(1) Variations of less than 0.1% have not been considered due to immateriality.
This Appendix is an integral part of Notes 3 and 16.1 of the consolidated financial statements for the year ended December 31, 2024.
Consolidated Financial Statements Appendices
200
Translation of the Consolidated Financial Statements originally issued in Spanish and prepared in accordance with EU-IFRS, as adopted 
by the European Union (see Notes 1 to 56). In the event of a discrepancy, the Spanish-language version prevails

APPENDIX IV. Fully consolidated subsidiaries with more than 10% owned by non-Group 
shareholders as of December 31, 2024
% of voting rights controlled by the 
Bank
Company
Activity
Direct
Indirect
Total
BANCO BBVA PERÚ SA
BANKING
—
47.13
47.13
BANCO PROVINCIAL SA - BANCO UNIVERSAL
BANKING
1.46
53.75
55.21
INVERSIONES BANPRO INTERNATIONAL INC NV
INVESTMENT COMPANY
48.00
—
48.00
PRO-SALUD, C.A.
NO ACTIVITY
—
58.86
58.86
INVERSIONES P.H.R.4, C.A.
NO ACTIVITY
—
60.46
60.46
COMERCIALIZADORA CORPORATIVA SAC
FINANCIAL SERVICES 
—
50.00
50.00
CREA MADRID NUEVO NORTE SA
REAL ESTATE
—
75.54
75.54
GESTION DE PREVISION Y PENSIONES SA
PENSION FUND MANAGEMENT
60.00
—
60.00
SOCIEDAD PERUANA DE FINANCIAMIENTO SAC
FINANCIAL SERVICES 
—
50.00
50.00
F/253863 EL DESEO RESIDENCIAL
REAL ESTATE
—
65.00
65.00
VOLKSWAGEN FINANCIAL SERVICES COMPAÑIA FINANCIERA SA
BANKING
—
51.00
51.00
FIDEICOMISO LOTE 6.1 ZARAGOZA
REAL ESTATE
—
59.99
59.99
F/11395 FIDEICOMISO IRREVOCABLE DE ADMINISTRACION CON 
DERECHO DE REVERSION
REAL ESTATE
—
42.40
42.40
MOVISTAR CONSUMER FINANCE COLOMBIA SAS
IN LIQUIDATION
—
50.00
50.00
GARANTI BBVA EMEKLILIK AS
INSURANCES
—
84.91
84.91
FOMENTO Y DESARROLLO DE CONJUNTOS RESIDENCIALES S.L. EN 
LIQUIDACION
IN LIQUIDATION
—
60.00
60.00
PSA FINANCE ARGENTINA COMPAÑIA FINANCIERA SA
BANKING
—
50.00
50.00
This Appendix is an integral part of Note 3 of the consolidated financial statements for the year ended December 31, 2024.
Consolidated Financial Statements Appendices
201
Translation of the Consolidated Financial Statements originally issued in Spanish and prepared in accordance with EU-IFRS, as adopted 
by the European Union (see Notes 1 to 56). In the event of a discrepancy, the Spanish-language version prevails

APPENDIX V. BBVA Group’s securitization funds. Structured entities in 2024.
Millions of Euros
Securitization fund 
(consolidated)
Company
Origination
date
Total securitized
exposures at the
origination date
Total securitized
exposures as of 
December 31, 2024
TDA 19 MIXTO FTA
BANCO BILBAO VIZCAYA ARGENTARIA SA
27-Feb-04
600
23
TDA 22 MIXTO FTA
BANCO BILBAO VIZCAYA ARGENTARIA SA
09-Dec-04
592
32
HIPOCAT 9 FTA
BANCO BILBAO VIZCAYA ARGENTARIA SA
25-Nov-05
1,016
81
HIPOCAT 10 FTA
BANCO BILBAO VIZCAYA ARGENTARIA SA
05-Jul-06
1,526
120
AYT HIP MIXTO V
BANCO BILBAO VIZCAYA ARGENTARIA SA
21-Jul-06
120
62
TDA 27 MIXTO FTA
BANCO BILBAO VIZCAYA ARGENTARIA SA
22-Dec-06
275
104
BBVA RMBS 1 FTA
BANCO BILBAO VIZCAYA ARGENTARIA SA
19-Feb-07
2,500
445
HIPOCAT 11 FTA
BANCO BILBAO VIZCAYA ARGENTARIA SA
09-Mar-07
1,628
137
BBVA RMBS 2 FTA
BANCO BILBAO VIZCAYA ARGENTARIA SA
26-Mar-07
5,000
838
BBVA-6 FTPYME FTA
BANCO BILBAO VIZCAYA ARGENTARIA SA
10-Jun-07
1,500
23
BBVA LEASING 1 FTA
BANCO BILBAO VIZCAYA ARGENTARIA SA
24-Jun-07
2,500
85
BBVA RMBS 3 FTA
BANCO BILBAO VIZCAYA ARGENTARIA SA
22-Jul-07
3,000
809
TDA 28 MIXTO FTA
BANCO BILBAO VIZCAYA ARGENTARIA SA
23-Jul-07
250
75
TDA TARRAGONA 1 FTA
BANCO BILBAO VIZCAYA ARGENTARIA SA
30-Nov-07
397
43
GAT VPO 
BANCO BILBAO VIZCAYA ARGENTARIA SA
25-Jun-09
780
8
BBVA RMBS 14 FTA
BANCO BILBAO VIZCAYA ARGENTARIA SA
24-Nov-14
700
244
BBVA CONSUMER AUTO 2018-1
BANCO BILBAO VIZCAYA ARGENTARIA SA
18-Jun-18
800
62
BBVA CONSUMO 10 FT
BANCO BILBAO VIZCAYA ARGENTARIA SA
08-Jul-19
2,000
324
BBVA CONSUMER AUTO 2020-1
BANCO BILBAO VIZCAYA ARGENTARIA SA
15-Jun-20
1,100
321
BBVA CONSUMO 11 FT
BANCO BILBAO VIZCAYA ARGENTARIA SA
12-Mar-21
2,500
505
BBVA RMBS 20 FT
BANCO BILBAO VIZCAYA ARGENTARIA SA
14-Jun-21
2,500
1,751
BBVA RMBS 21 FT
BANCO BILBAO VIZCAYA ARGENTARIA SA
17-Mar-22
12,400
8,884
BBVA CONSUMER AUTO 2022-1
BANCO BILBAO VIZCAYA ARGENTARIA SA
13-Jun-22
1,200
532
BBVA RMBS 22 FT
BANCO BILBAO VIZCAYA ARGENTARIA SA
28-Nov-22
1,400
1,190
BBVA CONSUMO 12 FT
BANCO BILBAO VIZCAYA ARGENTARIA SA
13-Mar-23
3,000
1,675
BBVA CONSUMER AUTO 2023-1
BANCO BILBAO VIZCAYA ARGENTARIA SA
08-Jun-23
800
557
BBVA LEASING 3 FT
BANCO BILBAO VIZCAYA ARGENTARIA SA
27-Nov-23
2,400
1,421
BBVA CONSUMO 13 FT
BANCO BILBAO VIZCAYA ARGENTARIA SA
11-Mar-24
2,000
1,520
BBVA CONSUMER 2024-1
BANCO BILBAO VIZCAYA ARGENTARIA SA
20-May-24
800
664
BBVA RMBS 23 FT
BANCO BILBAO VIZCAYA ARGENTARIA SA
13-Jun-24
5,450
5,181
BBVA CONSUMER AUTO 2024-1
BANCO BILBAO VIZCAYA ARGENTARIA SA
16-Sep-24
1,000
948
Consolidated Financial Statements Appendices
202
Translation of the Consolidated Financial Statements originally issued in Spanish and prepared in accordance with EU-IFRS, as adopted 
by the European Union (see Notes 1 to 56). In the event of a discrepancy, the Spanish-language version prevails

APPENDIX VI. Details of the outstanding subordinated debt and preferred securities 
issued by the Bank or entities in the Group consolidated as of December 31, 2024, 2023 
and 2022
Outstanding as of December 31, 2024, 2023 and 2022 of subordinated issues
Nominal value. Millions of Euros
Issuer entity and issued date 
Currency
December 
2024
December 
2023
December 
2022
Prevailing 
Interest Rate 
as of December 
31, 2024
Maturity
Date
Issues in Euros
BANCO BILBAO VIZCAYA ARGENTARIA S.A.
March-08
EUR
125
125
125
 6.03 %
March-33
July-08
EUR
—
—
100
 6.20 %
July-23
March-19
EUR
—
1,000
1,000
 6.00 %
Perpetual
July-20
EUR
1,000
1,000
1,000
 6.00 %
Perpetual
February-17
EUR
999
1,000
1,000
 3.50 %
February-27
February-17
EUR
99
99
99
 4.00 %
February-32
March-17
EUR
65
65
65
 4.00 %
February-32
May-17
EUR
150
150
150
 2.54 %
May-27
September-18
EUR
—
—
1,000
 5.88 %
Perpetual
February-19
EUR
—
750
750
 2.58 %
February-29
January-20
EUR
994
994
994
 1.00 %
January-30
June-23
EUR
745
741
—
 5.75 % September-33
June-23
EUR
1,000
1,000
—
 8.38 %
Perpetual
February-24
EUR
1,247
—
—
 4.88 %
February-36
June-24
EUR
750
—
—
 6.88 %
Perpetual
August-24
EUR
996
—
—
 4.38 %
August-36
Different issued
EUR
128
127
177
 — %
Total issued in Euros
EUR
8,299
7,050
6,460
Consolidated Financial Statements Appendices
203
Translation of the Consolidated Financial Statements originally issued in Spanish and prepared in accordance with EU-IFRS, as adopted 
by the European Union (see Notes 1 to 56). In the event of a discrepancy, the Spanish-language version prevails

Outstanding as of December 31, 2024, 2023 and 2022 of subordinated issues 
Nominal value. Millions of Euros
Issuer entity and issued date
Currency
December 
2024
December 
2023
December 
2022
Prevailing 
Interest Rate 
as of December 
31, 2024
Maturity 
Date
Issues in foreign currency
BANCO BILBAO VIZCAYA ARGENTARIA S.A.
March-17
USD
116
109
113
 5.70 % 
March-32
November-17
USD
963
905
938
 6.13 % 
Perpetual
May-18
USD
287
269
279
 5.25 % 
May-33
September-19
USD
963
905
938
 6.50 % 
Perpetual
September-23
USD
963
905
—
 9.38 % 
Perpetual
November-23
USD
722
679
—
 7.88 % November-34
May-17
CHF
21
22
20
 1.60 % 
May-27
July-20
GBP
362
345
338
 3.10 % 
July-31
August-23
GBP
361
345
—
 8.25 % November-33
Subtotal 
4,756
4,483
2,625
BBVA GLOBAL FINANCE LTD (1)
December-95
USD
192
179
187
 7.00 % 
December-25
Subtotal
192
179
187
BBVA BANCOMER S.A. INSTITUCION DE 
BANCA MULTIPLE GRUPO FINANCIERO 
BBVA BANCOMER
November-14
USD
—
178
187
 5.35 % November-29
January-18
USD
967
903
935
 5.13 % 
January-33
September-19
USD
724
676
702
 5.88 % September-34
June-23
USD
965
906
—
 8.45 % 
June-38
January-24
USD
871
—
—
 8.13 % 
January-39
Subtotal
3,528
2,663
1,824
BANCO BILBAO VIZCAYA ARGENTARIA 
URUGUAY S.A.
November-17
USD
—
—
1
 8.44 % 
February-64
Subtotal
—
—
1
(1) The issuances of BBVA Global Finance, Ltd, are guaranteed (secondary liability) by the Bank.
Consolidated Financial Statements Appendices
204
Translation of the Consolidated Financial Statements originally issued in Spanish and prepared in accordance with EU-IFRS, as adopted 
by the European Union (see Notes 1 to 56). In the event of a discrepancy, the Spanish-language version prevails

Outstanding as of December 31, 2024, 2023 and 2022 of subordinated issues
Nominal value. Millions of Euros
Issuer entity and issued date
Currency
December 
2024
December 
2023
December 
2022
Prevailing 
Interest Rate 
as of December 
31, 2022
Maturity
Date
BBVA COLOMBIA S.A.
September-11
COP
34
37
30
 10.14 % 
September-26
February-13
COP
—
—
39
 16.58 % 
February-23
February-13
COP
36
39
32
 8.79 % 
February-28
November-14
COP
20
21
18
 9.30 % 
November-29
November-14
COP
27
27
20
 9.43 % 
November-34
April-15
USD
385
362
375
 4.88 % 
April-25
November-24
USD
48
—
—
 8.19 % 
November-34
Subtotal
550
486
514
BANCO BBVA PERÚ
June-07
PEN
25
24
23
 3.47 % 
June-32
November-07
PEN
23
21
21
 3.56 % 
November-32
July-08
PEN
—
—
18
 3.06 % 
July-23
September-08
PEN
—
—
20
 3.09 % 
September-23
December-08
PEN
13
12
12
 4.19 % 
December-33
February-08
USD
20
18
19
 6.47 % 
February-28
October-13
USD
—
—
43
 6.53 % 
October-28
September-14
USD
—
267
270
 5.25 % 
September-29
March-24
USD
291
—
—
 6.20 % 
March-34
Subtotal
372
342
426
GARANTI BBVA AS
May-17
USD
579
667
698
 7.30 % 
May-27
February-24
USD
470
—
—
 8.55 % 
February-34
December-24
USD
705
—
—
 8.29 % 
January-35
October-19
TRY
—
8
13
 46.02 % 
October-29
February-20
TRY
20
23
38
 62.47 % 
February-30
Subtotal
1,775
698
749
Total Issues in other currencies
11,173
8,851
6,326
Additionally, the Group maintains an issuance of preferred shares in Colombia that amounts to €1 million as of December 31, 2024.
Consolidated Financial Statements Appendices
205
Translation of the Consolidated Financial Statements originally issued in Spanish and prepared in accordance with EU-IFRS, as adopted 
by the European Union (see Notes 1 to 56). In the event of a discrepancy, the Spanish-language version prevails

APPENDIX VII. Consolidated balance sheets held in foreign currency as of December 31, 
2024, 2023 and 2022
BALANCE SHEETS HELD IN FOREIGN CURRENCY (Millions of Euros)
U.S. Dollar
Mexican
pesos
Turkish
 lira
Other foreign
currencies
Total foreign
currencies
December 2024
Assets 
Cash, cash balances at central banks and other demand 
deposits
20,836
6,899
3,334
4,400
35,469
Financial assets held for trading
18,727
22,117
259
6,171
47,274
Non- trading financial assets mandatorily at fair value 
through profit or loss
1,525
8,002
85
165
9,778
Financial assets at fair value through comprehensive income
9,674
18,493
2,299
4,994
35,461
Financial assets at amortized cost
67,256
83,444
40,105
52,379
243,185
Joint-ventures and associates
—
17
—
590
607
Tangible assets
168
2,256
2,013
1,333
5,770
Other assets
(326)
7,125
2,457
3,363
12,619
Total
117,860
148,353
50,553
73,396
390,162
Liabilities 
Financial liabilities held for trading
14,474
18,660
268
2,776
36,178
Financial liabilities at amortized cost
95,613
88,375
39,187
55,748
278,923
Other liabilities
4,039
20,665
1,338
2,636
28,679
Total
114,126
127,700
40,793
61,160
343,780
December 2023
Assets 
Cash, cash balances at central banks and other demand 
deposits
13,372
7,581
3,764
4,089
28,807
Financial assets held for trading
21,147
28,570
282
5,806
55,806
Non- trading financial assets mandatorily at fair value 
through profit or loss
1,292
6,596
5
186
8,079
Financial assets at fair value through comprehensive income
9,384
20,767
1,785
4,484
36,421
Financial assets at amortized cost
58,732
81,907
31,298
46,122
218,059
Joint-ventures and associates
5
19
—
590
614
Tangible assets
105
2,609
1,446
995
5,155
Other assets
(1,049)
6,872
1,761
2,346
9,930
Total
102,988
154,922
40,341
64,619
362,870
Liabilities 
Financial liabilities held for trading
21,204
17,829
207
2,705
41,946
Financial liabilities at amortized cost
78,365
95,685
30,127
50,900
255,076
Other liabilities
3,223
20,186
1,048
2,801
27,258
Total
102,792
133,700
31,382
56,406
324,280
December 2022
Assets
Cash, cash balances at central banks and other demand 
deposits
19,888
4,831
476
3,469
28,665
Financial assets held for trading
10,780
22,407
431
3,930
37,549
Non- trading financial assets mandatorily at fair value 
through profit or loss
987
5,205
5
82
6,280
Financial assets at fair value through comprehensive income
8,300
16,028
3,188
8,841
36,358
Financial assets at amortized cost
52,248
70,744
29,938
42,173
195,103
Joint-ventures and associates
5
17
—
333
354
Tangible assets
14
2,143
1,166
1,137
4,459
Other assets
(365)
4,609
1,789
3,070
9,103
Total
91,858
125,984
36,994
63,036
317,872
Liabilities 
Financial liabilities held for trading
9,722
18,110
234
1,499
29,564
Financial liabilities at amortized cost
77,697
75,029
24,567
48,984
226,277
Other liabilities
2,748
16,397
1,216
2,067
22,428
Total
90,167
109,535
26,016
52,549
278,268
This Appendix is an integral part of Notes 2.2.17 of the consolidated financial statements for the year ended December 31, 2024.
Consolidated Financial Statements Appendices
206
Translation of the Consolidated Financial Statements originally issued in Spanish and prepared in accordance with EU-IFRS, as adopted 
by the European Union (see Notes 1 to 56). In the event of a discrepancy, the Spanish-language version prevails

APPENDIX VIII. Consolidated income statements for the first and second half of 2024 and 
2023
CONSOLIDATED INCOME STATEMENTS (Millions of Euros)
Six months 
ended June 30, 
2024
Six months 
ended December 
31, 2024
Six months 
ended June 30, 
2023 ⁽¹⁾
Six months 
ended December 
31, 2023 ⁽¹⁾
Interest and other income
30,680
30,979
21,897
25,953
Interest income using effective interest rate method
27,328
27,896
19,459
22,682
Other interest income
3,352
3,083
2,438
3,271
Interest expense
(17,687)
(18,705)
(10,487)
(14,274)
NET INTEREST INCOME
12,993
12,274
11,410
11,680
Dividend income 
76
44
73
45
Share of profit or loss of entities accounted for using the equity method 
20
20
14
12
Fee and commission income 
6,149
6,887
4,498
5,400
Fee and commission expense
(2,307)
(2,742)
(1,590)
(2,021)
Gains (losses) on derecognition of financial assets and liabilities not measured at fair value 
through profit or loss, net
128
199
(1)
77
Financial assets at amortized cost
9
12
35
7
Other financial assets and liabilities 
119
187
(36)
71
Gains (losses) on financial assets and liabilities held for trading, net
991
1,467
283
1,069
Reclassification of financial assets from fair value through other comprehensive income
—
—
—
—
Reclassification of financial assets from amortized cost
—
—
—
—
Other gains (losses)
991
1,467
283
1,069
Gains (losses) on non-trading financial assets mandatorily at fair value through profit or loss, net
53
126
(35)
371
Reclassification of financial assets from fair value through other comprehensive income
—
—
—
—
Reclassification of financial assets from amortized cost
—
—
—
—
Other gains (losses)
53
126
(35)
371
Gains (losses) on financial assets and liabilities designated at fair value through profit or loss, net
219
30
150
(54)
Gains (losses) from hedge accounting, net 
98
(93)
73
(90)
Exchange differences, net
398
297
304
35
Other operating income 
310
313
333
286
Other operating expense
(2,415)
(1,535)
(1,944)
(2,098)
Income from insurance and reinsurance contracts
1,800
1,921
1,645
1,436
Expense from insurance and reinsurance contracts
(1,066)
(1,173)
(1,065)
(756)
GROSS INCOME
17,446
18,036
14,148
15,394
Administration costs
(6,100)
(6,560)
(5,262)
(5,643)
     Personnel expense
(3,633)
(4,026)
(3,081)
(3,449)
     Other administrative expense
(2,467)
(2,534)
(2,181)
(2,194)
Depreciation and amortization
(759)
(774)
(676)
(727)
Provisions or reversal of provisions
(38)
(159)
(129)
(245)
Impairment or reversal of impairment on financial assets not measured at fair value through 
profit or loss or net gains by modification
(2,839)
(2,906)
(1,993)
(2,436)
     Financial assets measured at amortized cost
(2,781)
(2,906)
(1,958)
(2,428)
     Financial assets at fair value through other comprehensive income
(59)
—
(35)
(8)
NET OPERATING INCOME
7,708
7,636
6,088
6,344
Impairment or reversal of impairment of investments in joint ventures and associates
52
10
10
(19)
Impairment or reversal of impairment on non-financial assets
30
(28)
(13)
(40)
     Tangible assets
45
(16)
3
(18)
     Intangible assets
(11)
(4)
(10)
(16)
     Other assets
(5)
(9)
(6)
(6)
Gains (losses) on derecognition of non-financial assets and subsidiaries, net
(1)
15
8
20
Negative goodwill recognized in profit or loss
—
—
—
—
Gains (losses) from non-current assets and disposal groups classified as held for sale not 
qualifying as discontinued operations    
(10)
(8)
29
(8)
PROFIT (LOSS) BEFORE TAX FROM CONTINUING OPERATIONS
7,780
7,626
6,122
6,297
Tax expense or income related to profit or loss from continuing operations
(2,525)
(2,306)
(1,978)
(2,025)
PROFIT (LOSS) AFTER TAX FROM CONTINUING OPERATIONS
5,255
5,320
4,144
4,272
Profit (loss) after tax from discontinued operations
—
—
—
—
PROFIT (LOSS)
5,255
5,320
4,144
4,272
ATTRIBUTABLE TO MINORITY INTERESTS (NON-CONTROLLING INTERESTS)
261
260
266
131
ATTRIBUTABLE TO OWNERS OF THE PARENT
4,994
5,060
3,878
4,141
(1) Presented for comparison purposes only (see Note 1.3).
 
Consolidated Financial Statements Appendices
207
Translation of the Consolidated Financial Statements originally issued in Spanish and prepared in accordance with EU-IFRS, as adopted 
by the European Union (see Notes 1 to 56). In the event of a discrepancy, the Spanish-language version prevails

APPENDIX VIII. Consolidated income statements for the first and second half of 2024 and 
2023 (continued)
EARNINGS (LOSSES) PER SHARE (Euros)
Six months 
ended June 30, 
2024
Six months 
ended December 
31, 2024
Six months 
ended June 30, 
2023 ⁽¹⁾
Six months 
ended December 
31, 2023 ⁽¹⁾
EARNINGS (LOSSES) PER SHARE (Euros)
0.83
0.84
0.62
0.67
Basic earnings (losses) per share from continuing operations
0.83
0.84
0.62
0.67
Diluted earnings (losses) per share from continuing operations 
0.83
0.84
0.62
0.67
Basic earnings (losses) per share from discontinued operations 
—
—
—
—
Diluted earnings (losses) per share from discontinued operations
—
—
—
—
(1) Presented for comparison purposes only (see Note 1.3).
Consolidated Financial Statements Appendices
208
Translation of the Consolidated Financial Statements originally issued in Spanish and prepared in accordance with EU-IFRS, as adopted 
by the European Union (see Notes 1 to 56). In the event of a discrepancy, the Spanish-language version prevails

APPENDIX IX. Financial Statements of Banco Bilbao Vizcaya Argentaria, S.A.
ASSETS (Millions of Euros)
2024
2023 ⁽¹⁾
CASH, CASH BALANCES AT CENTRAL BANKS AND OTHER DEMAND DEPOSITS
20,755
49,213
FINANCIAL ASSETS HELD FOR TRADING
89,167
116,828
Derivatives
36,405
32,937
Equity instruments
6,457
3,339
Debt securities
11,806
11,018
Loans and advances to central banks
556
2,808
Loans and advances to credit institutions
19,265
52,441
Loans and advances to customers
14,679
14,285
NON-TRADING FINANCIAL ASSETS MANDATORILY AT FAIR VALUE THROUGH PROFIT OR 
LOSS
895
730
Equity instruments
626
507
Debt securities
269
223
Loans and advances to central banks
—
—
Loans and advances to credit institutions
—
—
Loans and advances to customers
—
—
FINANCIAL ASSETS DESIGNATED AT FAIR VALUE THROUGH PROFIT OR LOSS
—
—
FINANCIAL ASSETS AT FAIR VALUE THROUGH OTHER COMPREHENSIVE INCOME
14,842
19,426
Equity instruments
1,193
1,019
Debt securities
13,649
18,407
FINANCIAL ASSETS AT AMORTIZED COST
295,471
261,765
Debt securities
45,846
34,905
Loans and advances to central banks
33
—
Loans and advances to credit institutions
18,774
13,074
Loans and advances to customers
230,818
213,786
DERIVATIVES - HEDGE ACCOUNTING
784
780
FAIR VALUE CHANGES OF THE HEDGED ITEMS IN PORTFOLIO HEDGES OF INTEREST RATE 
RISK
(65)
(97)
INVESTMENTS IN SUBSIDIARIES, JOINT VENTURES AND ASSOCIATES
25,252
23,019
Subsidiaries
24,683
22,637
Joint ventures
24
24
Associates
545
358
TANGIBLE ASSETS
3,516
3,373
Properties, plant and equipment
3,437
3,285
For own use
3,437
3,285
Other assets leased out under an operating lease
—
—
Investment properties
79
87
INTANGIBLE ASSETS 
983
894
Goodwill
—
—
Other intangible assets
983
894
TAX ASSETS
12,300
12,416
Current tax assets
2,890
2,145
Deferred tax assets 
9,410
10,271
OTHER ASSETS 
4,064
2,023
Insurance contracts linked to pensions
1,260
1,321
Inventories
1,302
132
Other
1,501
569
NON-CURRENT ASSETS AND DISPOSAL GROUPS CLASSIFIED AS HELD FOR SALE 
331
512
TOTAL ASSETS
468,295
490,883
(1) Presented for comparison purposes only.
Consolidated Financial Statements Appendices
209
Translation of the Consolidated Financial Statements originally issued in Spanish and prepared in accordance with EU-IFRS, as adopted 
by the European Union (see Notes 1 to 56). In the event of a discrepancy, the Spanish-language version prevails

LIABILITIES AND EQUITY (Millions of Euros)
2024
2023 ⁽¹⁾
FINANCIAL LIABILITIES HELD FOR TRADING 
70,943
108,349
Derivatives
30,287
28,615
Short positions
9,635
11,849
Deposits from central banks
360
4,698
Deposits from credit institutions
15,026
42,710
Customer deposits
15,636
20,476
Debt certificates
—
—
Other financial liabilities
—
—
FINANCIAL LIABILITIES DESIGNATED AT FAIR VALUE THROUGH PROFIT OR LOSS 
2,955
2,361
Deposits from central banks
—
—
Deposits from credit institutions
—
—
Customer deposits
2,955
2,361
Debt certificates
—
—
Other financial liabilities
—
—
Subordinated liabilities
—
—
FINANCIAL LIABILITIES AT AMORTIZED COST 
349,381
339,476
Deposits from central banks
6,985
10,962
Deposits from credit institutions
24,686
33,563
Customer deposits
260,366
234,754
Debt certificates
47,086
50,132
Other financial liabilities
10,258
10,065
Memorandum item: Subordinated liabilities
13,355
11,741
DERIVATIVES - HEDGE ACCOUNTING
1,536
2,075
FAIR VALUE CHANGES OF THE HEDGED ITEMS IN PORTFOLIO HEDGES OF INTEREST RATE 
RISK
—
—
PROVISIONS
2,823
3,131
Pensions and other post-employment defined benefit obligations
1,673
1,871
Other long term employee benefits
351
404
Provisions for taxes and other legal contingencies
419
396
Commitments and guarantees given
178
240
Other provisions
201
221
TAX LIABILITIES 
1,137
992
Current tax liabilities
225
197
Deferred tax liabilities
912
795
OTHER LIABILITIES 
2,454
2,808
LIABILITIES INCLUDED IN DISPOSAL GROUPS CLASSIFIED AS HELD FOR SALE
—
—
TOTAL LIABILITIES
431,229
459,192
(1) Presented for comparison purposes only.
Consolidated Financial Statements Appendices
210
Translation of the Consolidated Financial Statements originally issued in Spanish and prepared in accordance with EU-IFRS, as adopted 
by the European Union (see Notes 1 to 56). In the event of a discrepancy, the Spanish-language version prevails

LIABILITIES AND EQUITY (Continued) (Millions of Euros)
2024
2023 ⁽¹⁾
STOCKHOLDERS’ FUNDS
38,220
33,134
Capital
2,824
2,861
Paid up capital
2,824
2,861
Unpaid capital which has been called up
—
—
Share premium
19,184
19,769
Equity instruments issued other than capital
—
—
Equity component of compound financial instruments
—
—
Other equity instruments issued
—
—
Other equity
40
40
Retained earnings
8,663
7,416
Revaluation reserves
—
—
Other reserves 
(1,047)
(804)
Less: treasury shares
(7)
(3)
Profit or loss attributable to owners of the parent
10,235
4,807
Less: interim dividends
(1,671)
(952)
ACCUMULATED OTHER COMPREHENSIVE INCOME (LOSS)
(1,154)
(1,443)
Items that will not be reclassified to profit or loss
(1,140)
(1,212)
Actuarial gains (losses) on defined benefit pension plans
(48)
(54)
Non-current assets and disposal groups classified as held for sale
—
—
Fair value changes of equity instruments measured at fair value through other comprehensive income
(1,075)
(1,213)
Hedge ineffectiveness of fair value hedges for equity instruments measured at fair value through other 
comprehensive income
—
—
Fair value changes of equity instruments measured at fair value through other comprehensive income 
(hedged item)
—
—
Fair value changes of equity instruments measured at fair value through other comprehensive income 
(hedging instrument)
—
—
Fair value changes of financial liabilities at fair value through profit or loss attributable to changes in 
their credit risk 
(17)
55
Items that may be reclassified to profit or loss
(14)
(230)
Hedge of net investments in foreign operations (effective portion)
—
—
Foreign currency translation 
—
—
Hedging derivatives. Cash flow hedges (effective portion)
251
45
Fair value changes of debt instruments measured at fair value through other comprehensive income
(264)
(275)
Hedging instruments (non-designated items)
—
—
Non-current assets and disposal groups classified as held for sale
—
—
TOTAL EQUITY
37,066
31,691
TOTAL EQUITY AND TOTAL LIABILITIES
468,295
490,883
MEMORANDUM ITEM - OFF BALANCE SHEET EXPOSURES (Millions of Euros)
2024
2023 ⁽¹⁾
Loan commitments given
108,206
98,667
Financial guarantees given
21,811
18,784
Other commitments given
37,641
30,013
(1) Presented for comparison purposes only.
Consolidated Financial Statements Appendices
211
Translation of the Consolidated Financial Statements originally issued in Spanish and prepared in accordance with EU-IFRS, as adopted 
by the European Union (see Notes 1 to 56). In the event of a discrepancy, the Spanish-language version prevails

INCOME STATEMENTS (Millions of Euros)
2024
2023 ⁽¹⁾
Interest income
17,586
14,569
Interest expense
(11,190)
(9,005)
NET INTEREST INCOME
6,396
5,564
Dividend income 
5,417
3,483
Fee and commission income 
2,936
2,689
Fee and commission expense
(695)
(613)
Gains (losses) on derecognition of financial assets and liabilities not measured at fair value through profit or 
loss, net
76
24
Financial assets at amortized cost
28
—
Other financial assets and liabilities
48
24
Gains or (losses) on financial assets and liabilities held for trading, net
684
(12)
Reclassification of financial assets from fair value through other comprehensive income
—
—
Reclassification of financial assets from amortized cost
—
—
Other profit or loss
684
(12)
Gains (losses) on non-trading financial assets mandatorily at fair value through profit or loss, net
77
200
Reclassification of financial assets from fair value through other comprehensive income
—
—
Reclassification of financial assets from amortized cost
—
—
Other profit or loss
77
200
Gains (losses) on financial assets and liabilities designated at fair value through profit or loss, net
174
16
Gains (losses) from hedge accounting, net 
2
(6)
Exchange differences, net
258
23
Other operating income 
563
455
Other operating expense
(516)
(804)
GROSS INCOME
15,373
11,020
Administrative expense
(4,540)
(4,157)
Personnel expense
(2,613)
(2,425)
Other administrative expense
(1,927)
(1,733)
Depreciation and amortization
(641)
(651)
Provisions or reversal of provisions
(132)
(116)
Impairment or reversal of impairment on financial assets not measured at fair value through profit or loss or 
net gains by modification
(741)
(677)
Financial assets measured at amortized cost
(744)
(682)
Financial assets at fair value through other comprehensive income
3
6
NET OPERATING INCOME
9,319
5,419
Impairment or reversal of impairment of investments in subsidiaries, joint ventures and associates
2,246
118
Impairment or reversal of impairment on non-financial assets
(11)
5
Tangible assets
(5)
17
Intangible assets
(7)
(12)
Other assets
—
—
Gains (losses) on derecognition of non - financial assets and subsidiaries, net
50
3
Negative goodwill recognized in profit or loss
—
—
Gains (losses) from non-current assets and disposal groups classified as held for sale not qualifying as 
discontinued operations    
(14)
2
PROFIT (LOSS) BEFORE TAX FROM CONTINUING OPERATIONS
11,590
5,547
Tax expense or income related to profit or loss from continuing operations
(1,355)
(740)
PROFIT (LOSS) AFTER TAX FROM CONTINUING OPERATIONS
10,235
4,807
Profit (loss) after tax from discontinued operations
—
—
PROFIT (LOSS) FOR THE YEAR
10,235
4,807
(1) Presented for comparison purposes only.
Consolidated Financial Statements Appendices
212
Translation of the Consolidated Financial Statements originally issued in Spanish and prepared in accordance with EU-IFRS, as adopted 
by the European Union (see Notes 1 to 56). In the event of a discrepancy, the Spanish-language version prevails

STATEMENTS OF RECOGNIZED INCOME AND EXPENSE (Millions of Euros)
2024
2023 ⁽¹⁾
PROFIT RECOGNIZED IN INCOME STATEMENT
10,235
4,807
OTHER RECOGNIZED INCOME (EXPENSE)
249
730
ITEMS NOT SUBJECT TO RECLASSIFICATION TO INCOME STATEMENT
33
3
Actuarial gains (losses) from defined benefit pension plans
(25)
(24)
Non-current assets and disposal groups classified as held for sale
—
—
Fair value changes of equity instruments measured at fair value through other comprehensive 
income 
146
43
Gains (losses) from hedge accounting of equity instruments at fair value through other 
comprehensive income, net 
—
—
Fair value changes of financial liabilities at fair value through profit or loss attributable to changes 
in their credit risk
(102)
(24)
Other valuation adjustments
—
—
Income tax related to items not subject to reclassification to income statement
13
9
ITEMS SUBJECT TO RECLASSIFICATION TO INCOME STATEMENT
217
727
Hedge of net investments in foreign operations [effective portion]
—
—
Valuation gains (losses) taken to equity
—
—
Transferred to profit or loss
—
—
Other reclassifications
—
—
Other reclassifications
—
—
Cash flow hedges [effective portion]
294
767
Valuation gains (losses) taken to equity
294
767
Transferred to profit or loss
—
—
Transferred to initial carrying amount of hedged items
—
—
Other reclassifications
—
—
Hedging instruments [non-designated elements]
—
—
Valuation gains (losses) taken to equity
—
—
Transferred to profit or loss
—
—
Other reclassifications
—
—
Debt securities at fair value through other comprehensive income
16
271
Valuation gains (losses) taken to equity
63
302
Transferred to profit or loss
(47)
(31)
Other reclassifications
—
—
Non-current assets and disposal groups held for sale
—
—
Valuation gains (losses) taken to equity
—
—
Income tax relating to items subject to reclassification to income statements
(93)
(311)
TOTAL RECOGNIZED INCOME/EXPENSE
10,484
5,537
(1) Presented for comparison purposes only.
Consolidated Financial Statements Appendices
213
Translation of the Consolidated Financial Statements originally issued in Spanish and prepared in accordance with EU-IFRS, as adopted 
by the European Union (see Notes 1 to 56). In the event of a discrepancy, the Spanish-language version prevails

Statement of changes in equity for the year ended December 31, 2024 of BBVA, S.A.
STATEMENT OF CHANGES IN EQUITY (Millions of Euros)
2024
Capital
Share 
Premium
Equity 
instruments 
issued other 
than capital
Other 
Equity
Retained 
earnings
Revaluation 
reserves
Other 
reserves
(-) 
Treasury 
shares 
Profit or 
loss 
attributable 
to owners 
of the 
parent
(-) Interim 
dividends
Accumulated 
other 
comprehensive 
income
Total
Balances as of January 1, 2024
2,861
19,769
—
40
7,416
—
(804)
(3)
4,807
(952)
(1,443)
31,691
Total income/expense recognized
—
—
—
—
—
—
—
—
10,235
—
249
10,484
Other changes in equity
(37)
(585)
—
(1)
1,247
—
(243)
(4)
(4,807)
(719)
39
(5,109)
Issuances of common shares
—
—
—
—
—
—
—
—
—
—
—
—
Issuances of preferred shares
—
—
—
—
—
—
—
—
—
—
—
—
Issuance of other equity instruments
—
—
—
—
—
—
—
—
—
—
—
—
Period or maturity of other issued equity instruments
—
—
—
—
—
—
—
—
—
—
—
—
Conversion of debt on equity
—
—
—
—
—
—
—
—
—
—
—
—
Common Stock reduction
(37)
(585)
—
—
29
—
(189)
781
—
—
—
—
Dividend distribution
—
—
—
—
(2,249)
—
—
—
—
(1,671)
—
(3,921)
Purchase of treasury shares
—
—
—
—
—
—
—
(1,309)
—
—
—
(1,309)
Sale or cancellation of treasury shares
—
—
—
—
—
—
(6)
524
—
—
—
519
Reclassification of financial liabilities to other equity 
instruments
—
—
—
—
—
—
—
—
—
—
—
—
Reclassification of other equity instruments to financial 
liabilities
—
—
—
—
—
—
—
—
—
—
—
—
Transfers between total equity entries
—
—
—
9
3,855
—
(48)
—
(4,807)
952
39
—
Increase/Reduction of equity due to business 
combinations
—
—
—
—
—
—
—
—
—
—
—
—
Share based payments
—
—
—
(26)
—
—
—
—
—
—
—
(26)
Other increases or (-) decreases in equity
—
—
—
16
(388)
—
—
—
—
—
—
(372)
Balances as of December 31, 2024
2,824
19,184
—
40
8,663
—
(1,047)
(7)
10,235
(1,671)
(1,154)
37,066
 
Consolidated Financial Statements Appendices
214
Translation of the Consolidated Financial Statements originally issued in Spanish and prepared in accordance with EU-IFRS, as adopted by the European Union (see Notes 1 to 56). In the event of a 
discrepancy, the Spanish-language version prevails

Statement of changes in equity for the year ended December 31, 2023 of BBVA, S.A.
 
STATEMENT OF CHANGES IN EQUITY (Millions of Euros)
2023 ⁽¹⁾
Capital
Share 
Premium
Equity 
instruments 
issued other 
than capital
Other 
Equity
Retained 
earnings
Revaluation 
reserves
Other 
reserves
(-) 
Treasury 
shares
Profit or 
loss 
attributable 
to owners 
of the 
parent
(-) Interim 
dividends
Accumulated 
other 
comprehensive 
income
Total
Balances as of January 1, 2023
2,955
20,856
—
49
5,453
—
(474)
(3)
4,816
(724)
(2,172)
30,756
Total income/expense recognized
—
—
—
—
—
—
—
—
4,807
—
730
5,537
Other changes in equity
(94)
(1,087)
—
(9)
1,963
—
(330)
—
(4,816)
(228)
—
(4,602)
Issuances of common shares
—
—
—
—
—
—
—
—
—
—
—
—
Issuances of preferred shares
—
—
—
—
—
—
—
—
—
—
—
—
Issuance of other equity instruments
—
—
—
—
—
—
—
—
—
—
—
—
Settlement or maturity of other equity instruments 
issued 
—
—
—
—
—
—
—
—
—
—
—
—
Conversion of debt on equity
—
—
—
—
—
—
—
—
—
—
—
—
Common Stock reduction
(94)
(1,087)
—
—
75
—
(316)
1,422
—
—
—
—
Dividend distribution
—
—
—
—
(1,860)
—
—
—
—
(952)
—
(2,812)
Purchase of treasury shares
—
—
—
—
—
—
—
(2,000)
—
—
—
(2,000)
Sale or cancellation of treasury shares
—
—
—
—
—
—
(12)
578
—
—
—
566
Reclassification of other equity instruments to 
financial liabilities
—
—
—
—
—
—
—
—
—
—
—
—
Reclassification of financial liabilities to other equity 
instruments
—
—
—
—
—
—
—
—
—
—
—
—
Transfers within total equity
—
—
—
2
4,092
—
(2)
—
(4,816)
724
—
—
Increase/Reduction of equity due to business 
combinations
—
—
—
—
—
—
—
—
—
—
—
—
Share based payments
—
—
—
(30)
—
—
—
—
—
—
—
(30)
Other increases or (-) decreases in equity
—
—
—
19
(345)
—
—
—
—
—
—
(325)
Balances as of December 31, 2023
2,861
19,769
—
40
7,416
—
(804)
(3)
4,807
(952)
(1,443)
31,691
(1) Presented for comparison purposes only.
 
Consolidated Financial Statements Appendices
215
Translation of the Consolidated Financial Statements originally issued in Spanish and prepared in accordance with EU-IFRS, as adopted by the European Union (see Notes 1 to 56). In the event of a 
discrepancy, the Spanish-language version prevails

 
CASH FLOWS STATEMENTS (Millions of Euros)
2024
2023 ⁽¹⁾
A) CASH FLOWS FROM OPERATING ACTIVITIES (1+2+3+4+5)
(23,846)
(1,809)
1.Profit (loss) for the year
10,235
4,807
2.Adjustments to obtain the cash flow from operating activities:
(1,075)
1,766
Depreciation and amortization
641
651
Other adjustments
(1,717)
1,115
3.Net increase/decrease in operating assets 
(2,045)
(35,004)
Financial assets held for trading
27,661
(25,437)
Non-trading financial assets mandatorily at fair value through profit or loss
(166)
(184)
Other financial assets designated at fair value through profit or loss
—
—
Financial assets at fair value through other comprehensive income
4,610
5,428
Financial assets at amortized cost
(33,796)
(14,875)
Other operating assets
(355)
65
4.Net increase/decrease in operating liabilities 
(29,468)
27,697
Financial liabilities held for trading
(37,406)
27,495
Other financial liabilities designated at fair value through profit or loss
594
501
Financial liabilities at amortized cost
7,882
506
Other operating liabilities
(539)
(805)
5.Collection/payments for income tax
(1,492)
(1,076)
B) CASH FLOWS FROM INVESTING ACTIVITIES (1+2)
(448)
(140)
1.Investment 
(1,367)
(906)
Tangible assets
(133)
(77)
Intangible assets
(410)
(382)
Investments in subsidiaries, joint ventures and associates 
(824)
(447)
Other business units
—
—
Non-current assets and disposal groups classified as held for sale and associated liabilities
—
—
Other settlements related to investing activities
—
—
2.Divestments
919
765
Tangible assets
2
2
Intangible assets
—
—
Investments in subsidiaries, joint ventures and associates 
656
557
Other business units
—
—
Non-current assets classified as held for sale and associated liabilities
261
207
Other collections related to investing activities
—
—
C) CASH FLOWS FROM FINANCING ACTIVITIES (1 + 2)
(3,522)
(1,986)
1. Payments
(7,368)
(6,307)
Dividends (shareholders remuneration)
(3,921)
(2,812)
Subordinated liabilities
(2,138)
(1,495)
Treasury share amortization
(37)
(94)
Treasury share acquisition
(1,273)
(1,906)
Other items relating to financing activities
—
—
2. Collections
3,846
4,321
Subordinated liabilities
3,000
3,679
Common stock increase
—
—
Treasury share disposal
482
536
Other items relating to financing activities
364
106
D) EFFECT OF EXCHANGE RATE CHANGES
(643)
175
E) NET INCREASE/DECREASE IN CASH OR CASH EQUIVALENTS (A+B+C+D)
(28,459)
(3,760)
F) CASH AND CASH EQUIVALENTS AT BEGINNING OF THE YEAR
49,213
52,973
G) CASH AND CASH EQUIVALENTS AT END OF THE YEAR (E+F)
20,755
49,213
COMPONENTS OF CASH AND EQUIVALENTS AT END OF THE YEAR (Millions of Euros)
2024
2023 ⁽¹⁾
Cash
1,027
990
Balance of cash equivalent in central banks
17,603
45,653
Other financial assets
2,124
2,570
Less: Bank overdraft refundable on demand
—
—
TOTAL CASH AND CASH EQUIVALENTS AT END OF THE YEAR
20,755
49,213
(1) Presented for comparison purposes only.
This Appendix is an integral part of Notes 2.1 of the consolidated financial statements for the year ended December 31, 2024.
Consolidated Financial Statements Appendices
216
Translation of the Consolidated Financial Statements originally issued in Spanish and prepared in accordance with EU-IFRS, as adopted 
by the European Union (see Notes 1 to 56). In the event of a discrepancy, the Spanish-language version prevails

APPENDIX X. Quantitative information on refinancing and restructuring operations and 
other requirements under Bank of Spain Circular 6/2012
a.
Quantitative information on refinancing and restructuring operations
The breakdown of refinancing and restructuring operations as of December 31, 2024, 2023 and 2022 is as follows:
December 2024 BALANCE OF FORBEARANCE (Millions of Euros)
TOTAL
Unsecured loans
Secured loans
Accumulated 
impairment or 
accumulated losses 
in fair value due to 
credit risk
Maximum amount of secured 
loans that can be considered
Number of 
operations
Gross 
carrying 
amount
Number of 
operations
Gross 
carrying 
amount
Real estate 
mortgage 
secured
Rest of 
secured loans
Credit institutions
—
—
—
—
—
—
—
General Governments
38
37
4
1
—
—
(6)
Other financial corporations and individual 
entrepreneurs (financial business)
297
7
20
8
4
1
(5)
Non-financial corporations and individual 
entrepreneurs (corporate non-financial activities)
102,661
3,265
7,726
1,966
851
203
(2,067)
Of which: financing the construction and 
property (including land)
445
349
569
181
81
10
(335)
Other households (1)
348,925
1,894
54,201
4,181
2,972
27
(1,726)
Total
451,921
5,203
61,951
6,156
3,827
231
(3,805)
Of which: IMPAIRED
Unsecured loans
Secured loans
Accumulated 
impairment or 
accumulated losses 
in fair value due to 
credit risk
Maximum amount of secured 
loans that can be considered
Number of 
operations
Gross 
carrying 
amount
Number of 
operations
Gross 
carrying 
amount
Real estate 
mortgage 
secured
Rest of 
secured loans
Credit institutions
—
—
—
—
—
—
—
General Governments
23
9
4
1
—
—
(4)
Other financial corporations and individual 
entrepreneurs (financial business)
179
4
13
4
1
1
(5)
Non-financial corporations and individual 
entrepreneurs (corporate non-financial activities)
77,926
2,072
4,989
1,093
395
26
(1,808)
Of which: financing the construction and 
property (including land)
332
347
429
121
31
7
(328)
Other households (1)
247,529
1,095
31,775
2,572
1,613
8
(1,519)
Total
325,657
3,181
36,781
3,671
2,008
35
(3,336)
(1) Number of operations does not include Garanti BBVA. Includes mortgage-backed real estate operations with loan to value ratio of greater than 1, and secured operations, other 
than transactions secured by real estate mortgage regardless of their loan to value ratio.
Consolidated Financial Statements Appendices
217
Translation of the Consolidated Financial Statements originally issued in Spanish and prepared in accordance with EU-IFRS, as adopted 
by the European Union (see Notes 1 to 56). In the event of a discrepancy, the Spanish-language version prevails

December 2023 BALANCE OF FORBEARANCE (Millions of Euros)
TOTAL
Unsecured loans
Secured loans
Accumulated 
impairment or 
accumulated losses 
in fair value due to 
credit risk
Maximum amount of 
secured loans that can be 
considered
Number of 
operations
Gross 
carrying 
amount
Number of 
operations
Gross carrying 
amount
Real estate 
mortgage 
secured
Rest of 
secured 
loans
Credit institutions
—
—
—
—
—
—
—
General Governments
50
31
24
7
5
—
(6)
Other financial corporations and individual 
entrepreneurs (financial business)
292
17
24
11
5
3
(6)
Non-financial corporations and individual 
entrepreneurs (corporate non-financial activities)
79,943
3,870
10,602
2,395
1,053
264
(2,422)
Of which: financing the construction and 
property (including land)
703
420
717
269
125
10
(428)
Other households (1)
242,532
1,390
63,320
4,642
3,380
20
(1,677)
Total
322,817
5,308
73,970
7,055
4,443
287
(4,111)
Of which: IMPAIRED
Unsecured loans
Secured loans
Accumulated 
impairment or 
accumulated losses 
in fair value due to 
credit risk
Maximum amount of 
secured loans that can be 
considered
Number of 
operations
Gross 
carrying 
amount
Number of 
operations
Gross carrying 
amount
Real estate 
mortgage 
secured
Rest of 
secured 
loans
Credit institutions
—
—
—
—
—
—
—
General Governments
25
14
4
2
1
—
(4)
Other financial corporations and individual 
entrepreneurs (financial business)
206
5
17
4
1
2
(4)
Non-financial corporations and individual 
entrepreneurs (corporate non-financial activities)
59,133
2,409
6,483
1,323
473
56
(2,070)
Of which: financing the construction and 
property (including land)
491
417
540
196
66
8
(417)
Other households (1)
158,595
900
36,108
3,001
1,957
4
(1,519)
Total
217,959
3,329
42,612
4,330
2,432
62
(3,597)
(1) Number of operations does not include Garanti BBVA. Includes mortgage-backed real estate operations with loan to value ratio of greater than 1, and secured operations, other 
than transactions secured by real estate mortgage regardless of their loan to value ratio.
Consolidated Financial Statements Appendices
218
Translation of the Consolidated Financial Statements originally issued in Spanish and prepared in accordance with EU-IFRS, as adopted 
by the European Union (see Notes 1 to 56). In the event of a discrepancy, the Spanish-language version prevails

December 2022 BALANCE OF FORBEARANCE (Millions of Euros)
TOTAL
Unsecured loans
Secured loans
Accumulated 
impairment or 
accumulated 
losses in fair value 
due to credit risk
Maximum amount of secured 
loans that can be considered
Number of 
operations
Gross 
carrying 
amount
Number of 
operations
Gross carrying 
amount
Real estate 
mortgage 
secured
Rest of 
secured loans
Credit institutions
 
—  
—  
—  
—  
—  
— 
—
General Governments
 
57  
38  
24  
9  
6  
— 
(9)
Other financial corporations and individual 
entrepreneurs (financial business)
 
303  
10  
22  
6  
1  
3 
(7)
Non-financial corporations and individual 
entrepreneurs (corporate non-financial activities)
 
75,713  
5,882  
8,687  
2,792  
1,238  
223 
(3,303)
Of which: financing the construction and property 
(including land)
460
479
819
383
164
33
(497)
Other households (1)
 
231,910  
1,412  
79,666  
4,969  
3,702  
20 
(1,601)
Total
 
307,983  
7,343  
88,399  
7,778  
4,946  
246 
(4,920)
Of which: IMPAIRED
Unsecured loans
Secured loans
Accumulated 
impairment or 
accumulated 
losses in fair value 
due to credit risk
Maximum amount of secured 
loans that can be considered
Number of 
operations
Gross 
carrying 
amount
Number of 
operations
Gross carrying 
amount
Real estate 
mortgage 
secured
Rest of 
secured loans
Credit institutions
 
—  
—  
—  
—  
—  
— 
—
General Governments
 
26  
20  
23  
9  
5  
— 
(8)
Other financial corporations and individual 
entrepreneurs (financial business)
 
232  
9  
17  
4  
—  
1 
(7)
Non-financial corporations and individual 
entrepreneurs (corporate non-financial activities)
 
59,944  
3,104  
6,005  
1,604  
500  
66 
(2,815)
Of which: financing the construction and property 
(including land)
414
475
620
269
82
22
(480)
Other households (1)
 
124,228  
871  
37,043  
2,514  
1,607  
4 
(1,412)
Total
 
184,430  
4,004  
43,088  
4,130  
2,113  
70 
(4,242)
(1) Number of operations does not include Garanti BBVA. Includes mortgage-backed real estate operations with loan to value ratio of greater than 1, and secured operations, other 
than transactions secured by real estate mortgage regardless of their loan to value ratio.
In addition to the restructuring and refinancing transactions mentioned in this section, loans that were not considered impaired or 
renegotiated have been modified based on the criteria set out in the accounting regulation that applies. These loans have not been 
classified as renegotiated or impaired, since they were modified for commercial or competitive reasons (for instance, to improve 
relationships with clients) rather than for economic or legal reasons relating to the borrower's financial situation.
The table below provides a breakdown by segments of the forbearance operations (net of provisions) as of December 31, 2024, 2023 
and 2022:
Forbearance operations. Breakdown by segments (Millions of Euros)
2024
2023
2022
Credit institutions
—
—
—
Central governments
32
32
39
Other financial corporations and individual entrepreneurs (financial activity)
9
22
9
Non-financial corporations and individual entrepreneurs (non-financial activity)
3,163
3,843
5,371
Of which: Financing the construction and property development (including land)
195
261
365
Households
4,349
4,354
4,780
Total carrying amount
7,553
8,251
10,200
Financing classified as non-current assets and disposal groups held for sale
—
—
—
Consolidated Financial Statements Appendices
219
Translation of the Consolidated Financial Statements originally issued in Spanish and prepared in accordance with EU-IFRS, as adopted 
by the European Union (see Notes 1 to 56). In the event of a discrepancy, the Spanish-language version prevails

NPL ratio by type of renegotiated loan
The non-performing ratio of the renegotiated portfolio is defined as the impaired balance of renegotiated loans that shows signs of 
difficulties as of the closing of the reporting period, divided by the total payment outstanding in that portfolio.
As of December 31, 2024 and December 31, 2023, the non-performing ratio for each of the portfolios of renegotiated loans is as 
follows:
NPL ratio by type of renegotiated loan
Ratio of impaired loans - past due
2024
2023
General governments
 28 % 
 42 % 
Commercial
 61 % 
 60 % 
Of which: Construction and developer
 88 % 
 89 % 
Other consumer
 60 % 
 65 % 
b.
Qualitative information on the concentration of risk by activity and guarantees
Loans and advances to customers by activity (carrying amount)
December 2024 (Millions of Euros)
Loans to customers. Loan to value 
Total (1)
Mortgage 
loans
Secured 
loans
Less 
than or 
equal to 
40%
Over 
40% but 
less than 
or equal 
to 60%
Over 
60% but 
less than 
or equal 
to 80%
Over 
80% but 
less than 
or equal 
to 100%
Over 
100%
General governments
22,011
245
6,059
902
2,472
441
2,143
346
Other financial institutions and 
individual entrepreneurs
28,150
683
16,999
357
376
272
8,469
8,208
Non-financial institutions and 
individual entrepreneurs
203,240
27,815
11,047
13,453
7,828
4,865
4,888
7,828
Construction and property 
development 
6,572
4,304
266
1,947
1,299
700
291
334
Construction of civil works
6,837
582
386
227
274
89
22
356
Other purposes
189,831
22,929
10,394
11,278
6,255
4,077
4,575
7,138
Large companies 
128,917
9,955
6,915
5,166
2,417
1,906
2,312
5,070
SMEs (2) and individual 
entrepreneurs 
60,914
12,974
3,479
6,113
3,838
2,171
2,263
2,069
Rest of households and NPISHs (3)
170,213
95,846
2,387
23,100
26,889
31,365
12,450
4,430
Housing 
98,560
94,573
111
22,569
26,301
31,099
10,794
3,920
Consumption 
67,225
584
2,004
242
440
136
1,462
308
Other purposes 
4,427
689
272
289
148
130
193
202
TOTAL
423,613
124,590
36,492
37,812
37,565
36,943
27,950
20,812
MEMORANDUM ITEM:
Forbearance operations (4)
7,553
4,268
234
993
1,005
900
702
902
(1) The amounts included in this table are net of loss allowances.
(2) Small and medium enterprises.
(3) Non-profit institutions serving households.
(4) Net of provisions. 
Consolidated Financial Statements Appendices
220
Translation of the Consolidated Financial Statements originally issued in Spanish and prepared in accordance with EU-IFRS, as adopted 
by the European Union (see Notes 1 to 56). In the event of a discrepancy, the Spanish-language version prevails

December 2023 (Millions of Euros)
Loans to customers. Loan to value 
Total (1)
Mortgage 
loans
Secured 
loans
Less 
than or 
equal to 
40%
Over 
40% but 
less than 
or equal 
to 60%
Over 
60% but 
less than 
or equal 
to 80%
Over 
80% but 
less than 
or equal 
to 100%
Over 
100%
General governments
23,025
271
7,104
1,137
2,911
429
2,369
527
Other financial institutions and 
individual entrepreneurs
23,086
525
13,315
182
378
68
9,304
3,909
Non-financial institutions and 
individual entrepreneurs
183,279
24,472
10,791
11,930
7,260
4,556
4,230
7,287
Construction and property 
development 
5,788
4,064
248
1,662
1,192
768
239
451
Construction of civil works
5,173
554
382
231
191
87
37
390
Other purposes
172,318
19,854
10,160
10,037
5,877
3,701
3,954
6,446
Large companies 
111,122
7,360
5,744
4,092
2,071
1,479
1,882
3,579
SMEs (2) and individual 
entrepreneurs 
61,196
12,494
4,416
5,944
3,806
2,222
2,072
2,867
Rest of households and NPISHs (3)
157,847
95,040
2,166
21,700
25,396
31,265
13,960
4,886
Housing
97,395
93,813
118
21,155
24,954
31,014
12,435
4,374
Consumption
56,520
475
1,879
230
291
137
1,423
273
Other purposes
3,933
753
169
315
152
114
102
239
TOTAL
387,238
120,308
33,376
34,949
35,944
36,319
29,864
16,609
MEMORANDUM ITEM:
Forbearance operations (4)
8,251
4,894
240
1,050
1,072
1,001
953
1,058
(1) The amounts included in this table are net of loss allowances.
(2) Small and medium enterprises.
(3) Non-profit institutions serving households.
(4) Net of provisions. 
December 2022 (Millions of Euros)
Loans to customers. Loan to value 
Total (1)
Mortgage 
loans
Secured 
loans
Less 
than or 
equal to 
40%
Over 
40% but 
less than 
or equal 
to 60%
Over 
60% but 
less than 
or equal 
to 80%
Over 
80% but 
less than 
or equal 
to 100%
Over 
100%
General governments
20,661
297
5,382
1,121
1,555
338
1,919
746
Other financial institutions and 
individual entrepreneurs
23,484
336
15,430
296
128
139
3,644
11,560
Non-financial institutions and 
individual entrepreneurs
172,854
25,454
6,829
9,902
6,972
4,495
2,958
7,956
Construction and property 
development 
5,166
3,701
201
1,468
1,083
660
247
445
Construction of civil works
5,582
610
317
276
185
104
45
318
Other purposes
162,106
21,143
6,311
8,159
5,704
3,732
2,666
7,194
Large companies 
105,852
7,509
3,771
3,308
1,839
1,218
1,358
3,557
SMEs (2) and individual 
entrepreneurs 
56,254
13,634
2,540
4,851
3,866
2,514
1,307
3,637
Rest of households and NPISHs (3)
150,095
93,556
1,990
21,473
25,693
29,940
13,114
5,327
Housing
95,237
92,264
123
20,886
25,325
29,696
11,564
4,915
Consumption
50,295
461
1,660
266
166
111
1,403
176
Other purposes
4,564
831
208
321
202
133
147
235
TOTAL
367,095
119,644
29,632
32,792
34,348
34,911
21,636
25,589
MEMORANDUM ITEM:
Forbearance operations (4)
10,200
5,685
174
1,351
1,130
1,167
884
1,327
(1) The amounts included in this table are net of loss allowances.
(2) Small and medium enterprises.
(3) Non-profit institutions serving households.
(4) Net of provisions. 
Consolidated Financial Statements Appendices
221
Translation of the Consolidated Financial Statements originally issued in Spanish and prepared in accordance with EU-IFRS, as adopted 
by the European Union (see Notes 1 to 56). In the event of a discrepancy, the Spanish-language version prevails

c.
Information on the concentration of risk by activity and geographical areas
December 2024 (Millions of Euros)
TOTAL (1)
Spain
Rest of 
European 
Union
America
Other
Credit institutions
134,618
20,574
36,788
44,739
32,516
General governments
148,541
63,146
15,277
58,857
11,261
Central Administration
127,232
49,454
14,743
52,035
11,000
Other
21,310
13,692
534
6,822
261
Other financial institutions and individual entrepreneurs
62,821
5,508
19,786
22,289
15,239
Non-financial institutions and individual entrepreneurs
279,097
86,803
32,185
100,623
59,487
Construction and property development 
10,778
3,168
722
2,448
4,439
Construction of civil works
11,556
6,484
1,222
1,257
2,593
Other purposes
256,764
77,151
30,241
96,919
52,454
Large companies 
187,984
51,296
28,984
71,896
35,808
SMEs and individual entrepreneurs 
68,780
25,855
1,257
25,022
16,646
Other households and NPISHs
170,724
90,552
2,644
60,413
17,115
Housing 
98,561
70,761
1,235
24,757
1,807
Consumer
67,257
16,271
1,149
35,055
14,782
Other purposes 
4,906
3,520
259
600
526
TOTAL
795,801
266,583
106,680
286,921
135,617
(1) The definition of risk for the purpose of this statement includes the following items on the public balance sheet: “Loans and advances to credit institutions”, “Loans and 
advances”, “Debt securities”, “Equity instruments”, “Other equity securities”, “Derivatives and hedging derivatives”, “Investments in subsidiaries, joint ventures and associates” 
and “Guarantees given”. The amounts included in this table are net of loss allowances.
December 2023 (Millions of Euros)
TOTAL ⁽¹⁾
Spain
Rest of 
European 
Union
America
Other
Credit institutions
192,222
54,246
61,342
42,084
34,550
General governments
144,082
59,385
12,198
61,473
11,025
Central Administration
121,149
45,259
11,767
53,640
10,482
Other
22,933
14,125
431
7,833
543
Other financial institutions
54,064
9,564
18,279
18,097
8,124
Non-financial institutions and individual entrepreneurs
246,103
80,219
23,614
90,342
51,928
Construction and property development 
9,256
2,888
640
2,573
3,156
Construction of civil works
9,524
5,988
885
1,558
1,093
Other purposes
227,323
71,344
22,089
86,211
47,679
Large companies 
159,906
45,738
21,086
61,867
31,214
SMEs and individual entrepreneurs 
67,417
25,606
1,003
24,344
16,464
Other households and NPISHs
158,344
88,561
2,477
58,686
8,620
Housing 
97,395
70,073
1,302
24,899
1,120
Consumer
56,521
15,111
956
33,207
7,246
Other purposes 
4,428
3,377
218
579
254
TOTAL
794,814
291,975
117,910
270,682
114,247
(1) The definition of risk for the purpose of this statement includes the following items on the public balance sheet: “Loans and advances to credit institutions”, “Loans and 
advances”, “Debt securities”, “Equity instruments”, “Other equity securities”, “Derivatives and hedging derivatives”, “Investments in subsidiaries, joint ventures and associates” 
and “Guarantees given”. The amounts included in this table are net of loss allowances.
Consolidated Financial Statements Appendices
222
Translation of the Consolidated Financial Statements originally issued in Spanish and prepared in accordance with EU-IFRS, as adopted 
by the European Union (see Notes 1 to 56). In the event of a discrepancy, the Spanish-language version prevails

December 2022 (Millions of Euros)
TOTAL (1)
Spain
Rest of 
European 
Union
America
Other
Credit institutions
166,533
58,290
36,043
42,872
29,328
General governments
127,562
52,873
13,677
47,261
13,752
Central Administration
106,827
39,349
13,153
41,201
13,124
Other
20,736
13,524
524
6,060
628
Other financial institutions
49,608
9,884
16,254
15,090
8,380
Non-financial institutions and individual entrepreneurs
235,280
81,464
25,039
80,016
48,761
Construction and property development 
8,590
2,636
659
2,149
3,146
Construction of civil works
9,361
5,942
1,078
1,037
1,304
Other purposes
217,329
72,886
23,302
76,830
44,311
Large companies 
154,798
45,864
22,686
54,975
31,274
SMEs and individual entrepreneurs 
62,531
27,023
616
21,855
13,038
Other households and NPISHs
150,496
88,548
2,591
48,756
10,602
Housing 
95,238
70,901
1,483
21,455
1,398
Consumer
50,296
14,595
236
26,697
8,768
Other purposes 
4,962
3,052
871
604
436
TOTAL
729,480
291,059
93,603
233,994
110,823
(1) The definition of risk for the purpose of this statement includes the following items on the public balance sheet: “Loans and advances to credit institutions”, “Loans and 
advances”, “Debt securities”, “Equity instruments”, “Other equity securities”, “Derivatives and hedging derivatives”, “Investments in subsidiaries, joint ventures and associates” 
and “Guarantees given”. The amounts included in this table are net of loss allowances.
This Appendix is an integral part of Note 7.2.7 of the consolidated financial statements for the year ended December 31, 2024.
Consolidated Financial Statements Appendices
223
Translation of the Consolidated Financial Statements originally issued in Spanish and prepared in accordance with EU-IFRS, as adopted 
by the European Union (see Notes 1 to 56). In the event of a discrepancy, the Spanish-language version prevails

APPENDIX XI. Additional information on risk concentration
a.
Sovereign risk exposure
The table below provides a breakdown of exposure to financial assets (excluding derivatives and equity instruments), as of December 
31, 2024, 2023 and 2022: by type of counterparty and the country of residence of such counterparty. The below figures do not take 
into account accumulated other comprehensive income, loss allowances or loan-loss provisions:
Risk exposure by countries (Millions of Euros)
Sovereign risk 
2024
2023
2022
Spain
63,277
59,704
53,437
Italy
12,264
10,744
12,287
Turkey
9,995
9,284
9,934
Portugal
288
424
670
Germany
195
142
254
France
1,366
182
148
Netherlands
10
14
14
Romania
791
587
539
Rest of Europe
1,227
1,187
1,188
Subtotal Europe
89,413
82,268
78,470
Mexico
43,909
48,929
36,840
The United States
6,408
5,591
4,989
Colombia
4,021
3,540
2,657
Peru
1,208
1,526
1,108
Argentina
2,633
1,308
1,246
Venezuela
—
—
—
Rest of countries
1,337
1,782
3,726
Subtotal rest of countries
59,517
62,676
50,566
Total exposure to financial instruments
148,930
144,945
129,036
The exposure to sovereign risk set out in the above table includes positions held in government debt securities in countries where the 
Group operates. They are used for ALCO’s management of the interest-rate risk on the balance sheets of the Group’s entities in these 
countries, as well as for hedging of pension and insurance commitments by insurance entities within the BBVA Group.
Consolidated Financial Statements Appendices
224
Translation of the Consolidated Financial Statements originally issued in Spanish and prepared in accordance with EU-IFRS, as adopted 
by the European Union (see Notes 1 to 56). In the event of a discrepancy, the Spanish-language version prevails

b.
Concentration of risk on activities in the real-estate market in Spain
Quantitative information on activities in the real-estate market in Spain
As of December 31, 2024, 2023 and 2022, the Group's exposure to the construction and real estate development sectors (excluding 
the mortgage portfolio) in Spain amounted to €9,600 million, €9,476 million and €9,549 million, respectively, of which €2,207 
million, €2,105 million and €1,861 million, respectively, related to construction loans, real estate development activities and house 
purchases in Spain. Data as of December 31, 2024, 2023 and 2022 is shown below:
Financing Allocated by credit institutions to Construction and Real Estate Development and lending for house purchase (Millions of Euros)
Gross amount
Drawn over the guarantee value
Accumulated impairment
2024
2023
2022
2024
2023
2022
2024
2023
2022
Financing to construction and real estate development 
(including land) (Business in Spain)
2,207
2,105
1,861
473
482
350
(102)
(115)
(157)
Of which: Impaired assets
136
183
239
45
53
82
(88)
(98)
(122)
Memorandum item:
—
—
—
—
—
—
—
—
—
Write-offs
2,100
2,097
2,086
Memorandum item:
—
—
—
—
—
—
—
—
—
Total loans and advances to customers, excluding the General Governments 
(Business in Spain) (book value)
177,946
168,660
172,880
Total consolidated assets (total business) (book value)
772,402
775,558
712,092
Impairment and provisions for normal exposures
(4,841)
(4,752)
(4,622)
The following is a description of the real estate credit risk based on the types of associated guarantees:
Financing allocated by credit institutions to construction and real estate development and lending for house purchase 
(Millions of Euros)
2024
2023
2022
Without secured loan
408
359
232
With secured loan 
1,799
1,746
1,629
Terminated buildings
832
857
898
Homes
656
685
710
Other
177
172
188
Buildings under construction
869
749
556
Homes
843
731
536
Other
26
18
21
Land
97
139
175
Urbanized land
76
92
119
Rest of land
22
47
56
Total
2,207
2,105
1,861
As of December 31, 2024, 2023 and 2022, 37.7%, 40.7% and 48.3% of loans to developers were guaranteed with buildings (78.8%, 
79.9% and 79.1% are homes), and only 4.4%, 6.6% and 9.4% by land, of which 78.4%, 66.2% and 67.9% are in urban locations, 
respectively.
The table below provides the breakdown of the financial guarantees given as of December 31, 2024, 2023 and 2022:
Financial guarantees given (Millions of Euros)
2024
2023
2022
Houses purchase loans
53
36
54
Without mortgage
2
3
3
Consolidated Financial Statements Appendices
225
Translation of the Consolidated Financial Statements originally issued in Spanish and prepared in accordance with EU-IFRS, as adopted 
by the European Union (see Notes 1 to 56). In the event of a discrepancy, the Spanish-language version prevails

The information on the retail mortgage portfolio risk (housing mortgage) as of December 31, 2024, 2023 and 2022 is as follows:
Financing allocated by credit institutions to construction and Real Estate development and lending for house purchase. 
(Millions of Euros)
Gross amount
Of which: impaired loans
2024
2023
2022
2024
2023
2022
Houses purchase loans
71,709
71,144
71,799
2,889
3,267
2,486
Without mortgage
1,416
1,415
1,539
9
10
8
With mortgage
70,294
69,729
70,260
2,880
3,257
2,477
The loan to value (LTV) ratio of the above portfolio is as follows:
LTV breakdown of mortgage to households for the purchase of a home (business in Spain) (Millions of Euros)
Total risk over the amount of the last valuation available (Loan to value-LTV)
Less than 
or equal to 
40%
Over 40% but 
less than or 
equal to 60%
Over 60% but 
less than or 
equal to 80%
Over 80% but 
less than or 
equal to 100%
Over 100%
Total
Gross amount December 31, 2024
18,584
21,171
23,193
4,643
2,702
70,294
Of which: Impaired loans
314
502
622
539
904
2,880
Gross amount December 31, 2023
17,201
20,302
22,850
5,856
3,519
69,729
Of which: Impaired loans
307
464
642
617
1,227
3,257
Gross amount December 31, 2022
16,981
20,060
22,255
6,794
4,171
70,260
Of which: Impaired loans
248
341
438
450
999
2,477
Outstanding home mortgage loans as of December 31, 2024, 2023 and 2022 had an average LTV of 41%, 42% and 43% respectively.
Consolidated Financial Statements Appendices
226
Translation of the Consolidated Financial Statements originally issued in Spanish and prepared in accordance with EU-IFRS, as adopted 
by the European Union (see Notes 1 to 56). In the event of a discrepancy, the Spanish-language version prevails

The breakdown of foreclosed, acquired, purchased or exchanged assets from debt from loans relating to business in Spain, as well as 
the holdings and financing to non-consolidated entities holding such assets is as follows:
Information about Assets Received in Payment of Debts (Business in Spain) (Millions of euros)
Gross Value ⁽¹⁾ ⁽²⁾
Provisions
Of which: Valuation 
adjustments on impaired 
assets, from the time of 
foreclosure
Carrying amount
2024
2023
2022
2024
2023
2022
2024
2023
2022
2024
2023
2022
Real estate assets from 
loans to the 
construction and real 
estate development 
sectors in Spain
303
398
539
(246)
(307)
(389)
(159)
(183)
(229)
57
92
150
Terminated buildings
41
72
125
(24)
(44)
(72)
(16)
(24)
(38)
17
28
54
Homes
19
31
49
(10)
(16)
(25)
(6)
(7)
(11)
9
15
24
Other
23
41
76
(15)
(28)
(47)
(10)
(17)
(27)
8
13
30
Buildings under 
construction
8
8
21
(6)
(7)
(16)
(2)
(2)
(8)
2
1
5
Homes
8
7
20
(6)
(6)
(15)
(2)
(2)
(7)
2
1
5
Other
—
1
1
—
(1)
(1)
—
(1)
—
—
—
—
Land
254
318
393
(216)
(256)
(302)
(141)
(156)
(183)
38
62
91
Urbanized land
248
299
366
(210)
(242)
(285)
(138)
(145)
(170)
38
57
81
Rest of land
6
19
27
(5)
(14)
(17)
(3)
(11)
(12)
1
5
10
Real estate assets from 
mortgage financing for 
households for the 
purchase of a home
392
544
736
(209)
(299)
(410)
(72)
(99)
(134)
183
245
327
Rest of foreclosed real 
estate assets 
283
364
449
(195)
(231)
(270)
(61)
(76)
(80)
88
133
179
Equity instruments, 
investments and 
financing to non-
consolidated companies 
holding said assets ⁽³⁾
—
—
656
—
—
(397)
—
(358)
—
—
259
Total
978
1,306
2,381
(650)
(837)
(1,466)
(292)
(358)
(801)
328
469
915
(1) Represents original loan value at the time of foreclosure.
(2) The value of real estate assets foreclosed or received in payment of debts should be initially recognized at the lower of the carrying amount of the financial assets and the fair
value at the time of foreclosure less estimated sales costs. The gross value of the assets acquired in payment of debts is €620 million and €827 million as of December 31, 2024 
and December 31, 2023, respectively.
(3) In 2024 and 2023 stake in Metrovacesa, S.A. is excluded. Given its corporate purpose and the transformation and turnover of its assets, the assets of Metrovacesa, S.A. are 
not considered to come from foreclosures.
As of December 31, 2024, 2023 and 2022, the gross book value of the Group’s real-estate assets from corporate financing of real-
estate construction and development was €303, €398 and €539 million, respectively, with an average coverage ratio of 81.2%, 
77.0% and 72.2%, respectively.
The gross book value of real-estate assets from mortgage lending to households for home purchase as of December 31, 2024, 2023 
and 2022, amounted to €392, €544 and €736 million, respectively, with an average coverage ratio of 53.3%, 55.0% and 55.6%.
As of December 31, 2024, 2023 and 2022, the gross book value of the BBVA Group’s total real-estate assets (business in Spain), 
including other real-estate assets received as debt payment, was €978, €1,306 and €1,725 million, respectively. The coverage ratio 
was 66.5%, 64.1% and 62.0%, respectively.
This Appendix is an integral part of Note 7 of the consolidated financial statements for the year ended December 31, 2024.
Consolidated Financial Statements Appendices
227
Translation of the Consolidated Financial Statements originally issued in Spanish and prepared in accordance with EU-IFRS, as adopted 
by the European Union (see Notes 1 to 56). In the event of a discrepancy, the Spanish-language version prevails

c.
Concentration of risk by geographical areas 
Below is a breakdown of the balances of financial instruments recognized in the consolidated balance sheets by their concentration in geographical areas and according to the residence of the customer 
or counterparty. As of December 31, 2024, 2023 and 2022 it does not take into account loss allowances or loan-loss provisions:
Risks by geographical areas. December 2024 (Millions of Euros)
Spain
Rest of Europe
Mexico
The United 
States
Turkey
South America
Rest of 
business
Total
Derivatives
3,391
19,034
2,269
6,996
70
3,044
1,199
36,003
Equity instruments (1)
2,034
5,850
6,700
2,782
103
214
310
17,993
Debt securities ⁽²⁾
53,698
22,913
39,208
9,992
10,067
8,443
1,586
145,907
Central banks
—
—
—
—
—
1,359
89
1,448
General governments
50,854
15,410
36,667
6,408
9,756
6,410
200
125,705
Credit institutions
2,040
3,092
1,527
64
153
302
408
7,585
Other financial corporations
350
2,126
428
1,577
3
158
250
4,893
Non-financial corporations
455
2,285
585
1,943
155
213
638
6,275
Loans and advances
179,935
70,972
95,747
17,794
52,234
58,668
18,278
493,628
Central banks
18
1,626
—
—
5,876
1,297
—
8,817
General governments
12,001
137
7,187
—
239
1,831
755
22,150
Credit institutions
5,063
27,439
2,731
349
1,044
2,828
4,216
43,669
Other financial corporations
2,926
15,069
2,106
2,953
1,987
1,992
5,463
32,496
Non-financial corporations
63,409
23,821
40,016
14,468
22,812
27,155
7,778
199,459
Households
96,517
2,879
43,708
25
20,275
23,565
67
187,037
Total risk in financial assets
239,058
118,770
143,924
37,564
62,473
70,369
21,372
693,530
Loan commitments given
37,120
43,253
24,000
22,579
38,003
19,841
3,718
188,515
Financial guarantees given
3,056
5,376
212
2,958
8,911
1,031
960
22,503
Other commitments given
19,266
12,922
2,826
4,279
5,421
3,202
3,299
51,215
Off-balance sheet exposures
59,441
61,551
27,038
29,816
52,336
24,074
7,977
262,233
Total risks in financial instruments
298,500
180,321
170,962
67,380
114,809
94,443
29,349
955,763
(1) Equity instruments are shown net of valuation adjustment.
(2) The debt securities of the "Financial assets at fair value through other comprehensive income" portfolio do not include gains/losses.
 
Consolidated Financial Statements Appendices
228
Translation of the Consolidated Financial Statements originally issued in Spanish and prepared in accordance with EU-IFRS, as adopted by the European Union (see Notes 1 to 56). In the event of a 
discrepancy, the Spanish-language version prevails

Risks by geographical areas. December 2023 (Millions of Euros)
Spain
Rest of Europe
Mexico
The United 
States
Turkey
South America
Rest of 
business
Total
Derivatives
3,688
17,106
2,017
7,487
51
2,956
987
34,293
Equity instruments ⁽¹⁾
1,424
2,999
6,418
2,399
76
206
246
13,768
Debt securities ⁽²⁾
49,620
19,547
43,825
9,103
8,932
7,071
2,502
140,600
Central banks
—
15
—
—
—
1,179
80
1,274
General governments
46,667
12,359
40,982
5,584
8,789
4,647
967
119,995
Credit institutions
2,154
3,017
1,914
123
16
323
459
8,005
Other financial corporations
442
2,065
334
1,223
2
680
222
4,967
Non-financial corporations
357
2,091
596
2,173
125
242
773
6,357
Loans and advances
176,482
92,253
98,561
12,957
41,619
52,131
13,488
487,491
Central banks
201
2,199
—
—
5,316
1,590
680
9,985
General governments
12,394
145
7,856
—
496
2,082
492
23,466
Credit institutions
7,141
53,077
5,759
636
1,428
2,391
3,691
74,122
Other financial corporations
2,961
15,190
2,529
1,690
1,264
1,891
724
26,250
Non-financial corporations
59,083
18,905
38,001
10,604
19,591
22,542
7,820
176,546
Households
94,703
2,737
44,415
27
13,525
21,634
81
177,121
Total risk in financial assets
231,214
131,905
150,821
31,948
50,678
62,364
17,223
676,153
Loan commitments given
34,931
42,914
24,811
17,773
20,883
9,600
1,956
152,868
Financial guarantees given
2,694
5,542
69
2,338
6,587
991
618
18,839
Other commitments given
17,187
8,191
2,812
3,135
5,057
2,991
3,205
42,577
Off-balance sheet exposures
54,812
56,646
27,691
23,245
32,527
13,581
5,780
214,283
Total risks in financial instruments
286,026
188,551
178,512
55,193
83,205
75,946
23,002
890,436
(1) Equity instruments are shown net of valuation adjustment.
(2) The debt securities of the "Financial assets at fair value through other comprehensive income" portfolio do not include gains/losses.
 
Consolidated Financial Statements Appendices
229
Translation of the Consolidated Financial Statements originally issued in Spanish and prepared in accordance with EU-IFRS, as adopted by the European Union (see Notes 1 to 56). In the event of a 
discrepancy, the Spanish-language version prevails

Risks by geographical areas. December 2022 (Millions of Euros)
Spain
Rest of Europe
Mexico
The United 
States
Turkey
South America
Rest of 
business
Total
Derivatives
5,222
20,494
1,824
7,679
128
3,493
1,068
39,908
Equity instruments (1)
1,342
3,068
5,012
2,026
145
225
294
12,113
Debt securities
43,274
20,373
34,083
8,102
8,722
8,395
4,802
127,750
Central banks
—
16
—
—
—
3,843
89
3,948
General governments
41,324
13,869
31,713
5,229
8,700
3,460
3,041
107,336
Credit institutions
1,162
2,470
1,351
117
14
268
443
5,824
Other financial corporations
434
1,712
304
1,032
3
567
215
4,266
Non-financial corporations
354
2,306
715
1,724
5
257
1,015
6,375
Loans and advances
176,153
65,763
77,317
12,508
42,080
46,362
11,157
431,340
Central banks
713
1,060
—
—
3,898
370
10
6,051
General governments
11,500
269
6,301
—
585
1,771
495
20,922
Credit institutions
5,184
27,591
2,546
336
2,457
1,974
1,235
41,323
Other financial corporations
3,688
16,662
1,315
1,814
1,206
1,415
1,307
27,407
Non-financial corporations
60,459
17,290
32,294
10,325
21,678
21,559
8,008
171,613
Households
94,609
2,890
34,861
34
12,255
19,273
101
164,023
Total risk in financial assets
225,990
109,698
118,236
30,316
51,074
58,475
17,322
611,111
Loan commitments given
35,649
42,532
20,479
14,849
10,628
10,996
1,788
136,920
Financial guarantees given
3,020
4,372
7
1,397
6,169
1,011
536
16,511
Other commitments given
15,626
8,008
2,723
2,536
4,278
3,207
2,758
39,137
Off-balance sheet exposures
54,294
54,912
23,209
18,783
21,074
15,213
5,082
192,568
Total risks in financial instruments
280,285
164,610
141,445
49,098
72,149
73,689
22,403
803,678
(1) Equity instruments are shown net of valuation adjustment.
The breakdown of the main figures in the most significant foreign currencies in the consolidated balance sheets is set forth in Appendix VII.
 
Consolidated Financial Statements Appendices
230
Translation of the Consolidated Financial Statements originally issued in Spanish and prepared in accordance with EU-IFRS, as adopted by the European Union (see Notes 1 to 56). In the event of a 
discrepancy, the Spanish-language version prevails

The breakdown of loans and advances in the heading of “Loans and advances”, impaired by geographical area as December 31, 2024, 
2023 and 2022.
Impaired financial assets by geographical areas (Millions of Euros)
2024
2023
2022
Spain
7,581
8,068
7,468
Rest of Europe
104
99
93
Mexico
2,517
2,472
1,939
South America
2,260
2,176
1,721
Turkey
1,749
1,631
2,272
Rest of business
2
—
—
IMPAIRED RISKS
14,213
14,446
13,493
This Appendix is an integral part of Note 7.2.8 of the consolidated financial statements for the year ended December 31, 2024.
Consolidated Financial Statements Appendices
231
Translation of the Consolidated Financial Statements originally issued in Spanish and prepared in accordance with EU-IFRS, as adopted 
by the European Union (see Notes 1 to 56). In the event of a discrepancy, the Spanish-language version prevails

APPENDIX XII. Information in accordance with article 89 of Directive 2013/36/EU of the 
European Parliament and its application to Spanish Law through Law 10/2014
 
December 31, 2024 (Millions of Euros)
Country
CIT 
payments 
cash basis
CIT 
expense 
consol
PBT 
consol
Gross 
margin
Nº employees (1)
Activity
Main Entity
Germany
8
11
40
75
55
Banking services
BBVA, S.A. - Frankfurt Branch Office
Argentina
234
76
363
1,707
5,737
Finance, banking and insurance services
Banco BBVA Argentina S.A.
Belgium
2
1
5
9
16
Banking services
BBVA, S.A. - Brussels Branch Office
Bolivia
—
—
(1)
2
58
Pensions
BBVA Previsión AFP S.A.
Brazil
—
—
(8)
3
—
Financial services
BBVA Brasil Banco de Investimento, 
S.A.
Chile
3
5
23
147
773
Financial services
Forum Servicios Financieros, S.A.
China
5
4
26
80
149
Banking services
BBVA, S.A. - Shanghai Branch Office; 
BBVA,S.A. - Hong-Kong Branch Office
Cyprus
7
11
48
49
98
Banking services
Garanti BBVA AS - Nicosia Branch 
Office
Colombia
187
37
125
1,174
6,524
Finance, banking and insurance services
BBVA Colombia S.A.
Curaçao
—
—
7
8
15
Finance and banking services
Banco Provincial Overseas N.V.
Spain
1,261
1,207
3,968
9,156
27,786
Finance, banking and insurance services
BBVA, S.A.
United States
81
92
430
550
510
Finance and banking services
BBVA, S.A. - New York Branch Office
France
24
20
36
128
76
Banking services
BBVA, S.A. - Paris Branch Office
Italy
22
52
158
164
85
Banking services
BBVA, S.A. - Milan Branch Office
Japan
—
—
(3)
2
8
Banking services
BBVA, S.A. - Tokio Branch Office
Malta
4
2
28
31
14
Banking services
Garanti BBVA AS - La Valeta Branch 
Office
Mexico
2,284
2,073
7,429
15,153
48,892
Finance, banking and insurance services
BBVA México, S.A.
Netherlands
54
39
139
174
234
Finance and banking services
Garantibank BBVA International N.V.
Peru
214
143
625
1,892
7,766
Finance and banking services
Banco BBVA Perú 
Portugal
15
22
74
161
421
Finance and banking services
BBVA, S.A. - Portugal Branch Office
United Kingdom
22
16
117
263
234
Banking services
BBVA, S.A. - London Branch Office
Romania
7
7
34
143
1,165
Finance and banking services
Garanti Bank S.A.
Singapore
4
6
45
50
16
Banking services
BBVA, S.A. - Singapore Branch Office
Switzerland
3
2
10
60
123
Finance and banking services
BBVA Switzerland S.A.
Taiwan
9
1
5
8
14
Banking services
BBVA, S.A. - Taipei Branch Office
Turkey
758
955
1,493
3,811
21,126
Finance, banking and insurance services
Garanti BBVA A.S.
Uruguay
30
17
94
268
552
Finance and banking services
BBVA Uruguay S.A.
Venezuela
10
31
95
213
1,822
Finance, banking and insurance services
BBVA Banco Provincial S.A.
Total
5,248
4,830
15,405
35,481
124,269
(1) Full time employees. The 49 employees of representative offices are not included in the total number.
The amounts of "Cash payments of corporate income tax" are highly conditioned by, and derive fundamentally from the methodology 
for calculating the instalment payments provided for in the regulations governing corporate income tax in the different geographical 
areas where the Group operates, producing differences between the instalment payments made in the current year and the refund of 
instalments from previous years that may result once the final tax returns have been filed. In this respect, it should also be noted that 
it is normal for there to be, differences between the amounts of "Corporate tax cash payments" and "Corporate tax expense", as the 
tax paid in a year is not necessarily directly related to the pre-tax profit existing in a jurisdiction, but takes into account the tax 
payments (and refunds) in respect of profits made in previous years, as well as the instalment payments made in the current year and 
the withholding of input tax. However, the "Corporate Income Tax Expense" is more directly related to the existing Profit before tax for 
a given year.
The results of this breakdown of the branches are integrated in the financial statements of the parent companies on which they 
depend.
As of December 31, 2024, the return of the Group’s assets calculated by dividing the “Profit” between “Total Assets” is 1.37%.
In 20241, BBVA group has not received public aid for the financial sector which has the aim of promoting the carrying out of banking 
activities and which is significant. This statement is made for the purposes of article 89 of Directive 2013/36/EU of the European 
Parliament and of the Council of June 26 (on access to the activity of credit institutions and the prudential supervision of credit 
institutions and investment firms) and its transposition to Spanish legislation by means of Law 10/2014 on Monitoring, Supervision 
and Solvency of Credit Institutions of June 26.
Consolidated Financial Statements Appendices
232
Translation of the Consolidated Financial Statements originally issued in Spanish and prepared in accordance with EU-IFRS, as adopted 
by the European Union (see Notes 1 to 56). In the event of a discrepancy, the Spanish-language version prevails
1 BBVA disclosed by means of public relevant events sent to CNMV: (i) on 07/27/2012 the closing of the acquisition of UNNIM Banc, S.A. and (ii) on 04/24/2015 the closing of the 
acquisition of Catalunya Banc, S.A.

Glossary
Additional Tier 1 Capital
Includes: Preferred stock and convertible perpetual securities and deductions.
Amortized cost
The amortized cost of a financial asset or financial liability is the amount at which the financial asset or 
financial liability is measured at initial recognition minus the principal repayments, plus or minus, the 
cumulative amortization using the effective interest rate method of any difference between the initial 
amount and the maturity amount and, for financial assets, adjusted for any loss allowance.
Associates
Companies in which the Group has a significant influence, without having control. Significant influence is 
deemed to exist when the Group owns 20% or more of the voting rights of an investee directly or 
indirectly.
Baseline macroeconomic 
scenarios
IFRS 9 requires that an entity must evaluate a range of possible outcomes when estimating provisions 
and measuring expected credit losses, through macroeconomic scenarios. The baseline macroeconomic 
scenario presents the situation of the particular economic cycle.
Basic earnings per share
Calculated by dividing “Profit attributable to Parent Company” corresponding to ordinary shareholders of 
the entity by the weighted average number of shares outstanding throughout the year (i.e., excluding the 
average number of treasury shares held over the year).
Basis risk
Risk arising from hedging exposure to one interest rate with exposure to a rate that reprices under 
slightly different conditions.
Building Block Approach 
(BBA)
This is one of the three measurement models for the valuation of insurance and reinsurance contracts. 
This model is used by default and it applies to contracts with coverage periods of more than one year and 
not classified as contracts with direct participation, being mandatory except when the conditions to apply 
the other two methods are met: Variable Fee Approach or Premium Allocation Approach.
Business combination
A business combination is a transaction, or any other event, through which a single entity obtains the 
control of one or more businesses.
Business model
The assessment as to how an asset shall be classified is made on the basis of both the business model for 
managing the financial asset and the contractual cash flow characteristic of the financial asset (SPPI 
Criterion). Financial assets are classified on the basis of its business model for managing the financial 
assets. The Group’s business models shall be determined at a level that reflects how groups of financial 
assets are managed together to achieve a particular business objective and generate cash flows.
Cash flow hedges
Those that hedge the exposure to variability in cash flows attributable to a particular risk associated with 
a recognized asset or liability or a highly probable forecast transaction and could affect profit or loss.
Commissions
Income and expenses relating to commissions and similar fees are recognized in the income statement 
using criteria that vary according to their nature. The most significant income and expense items in this 
connection are:
· Fees and commissions relating linked to financial assets and liabilities measured at fair value through 
profit or loss, which are recognized when collected.
· Fees and commissions arising from transactions or services that are provided over a period of time,
which are recognized over the life of these transactions or services.
· Fees and commissions generated by a single act are accrued upon execution of that act.
Consolidation method
Method used for the consolidation of the accounts of the Group’s subsidiaries. The assets and liabilities 
of the Group entities are incorporated line-by-line on the consolidate balance sheets, after conciliation 
and the elimination in full of intragroup balances, including amounts payable and receivable. Group entity 
income statement income and expense headings are similarly combined line by line into the consolidated 
income statement, having made the following consolidation eliminations: a) income and expenses in 
respect of intragroup transactions are eliminated in full. b) profits and losses resulting from intragroup 
transactions are similarly eliminated. The carrying amount of the parent's investment and the parent's 
share of equity in each subsidiary are eliminated.
Contingencies
Current obligations of the entity arising as a result of past events whose existence depends on the 
occurrence or non-occurrence of one or more future events independent of the will of the entity.
Contingent
commitments
Possible obligations of the entity that arise from past events and whose existence depends on the 
occurrence or non-occurrence of one or more future events independent of the entity’s will and that 
could lead to the recognition of financial assets.
Control
An investor controls an investee when it is exposed, or has rights, to variable returns from its involvement 
with the investee and has the ability to affect those returns through its power over the investee. An 
investor controls an investee if and only if the investor has all the following:
a.
Power; An investor has power over an investee when the investor has existing rights that give it 
the current ability to direct the relevant activities, i.e. the activities that significantly affect the 
investee’s returns. 
b.
Returns; An investor is exposed, or has rights, to variable returns from its involvement with the 
investee when the investor’s returns from its involvement have the potential to vary as a result 
of the investee’s performance. The investor’s returns can be only positive, only negative or both 
positive and negative.
c.
Link between power and returns; An investor controls an investee if the investor not only has 
power over the investee and exposure or rights to variable returns from its involvement with 
the investee, but also has the ability to use its power to affect the investor’s returns from its 
involvement with the investee.
Consolidated Financial Statements Glossary
233
Translation of the Consolidated Financial Statements originally issued in Spanish and prepared in accordance with EU-IFRS, as adopted 
by the European Union (see Notes 1 to 56). In the event of a discrepancy, the Spanish-language version prevails

Correlation risk
Correlation risk is related to derivatives whose final value depends on the performance of more than one 
underlying asset (primarily, stock baskets) and indicates the existing variability in the correlations 
between each pair of assets.
Credit Valuation 
Adjustment (CVA)
An adjustment to the valuation of OTC derivative contracts to reflect the creditworthiness of OTC 
derivative counterparties.
Current service cost
Current service cost is the increase in the present value of a defined benefit obligation resulting from 
employee service in the current period.
Current tax assets
Taxes recoverable over the next twelve months.
Current tax liabilities
Corporate income tax payable on taxable profit for the year and other taxes payable in the next twelve 
months.
Debit Valuation 
Adjustment (DVA)
An adjustment made by an entity to the valuation of OTC derivative liabilities to reflect within fair value 
the entity’s own credit risk.
Debt certificates
Obligations and other interest-bearing securities that create or evidence a debt on the part of their issuer, 
including debt securities issued for trading among an open group of investors, that accrue interest, 
implied or explicit, whose rate, fixed or benchmarked to other rates, is established contractually, and take 
the form of securities or book-entries, irrespective of the issuer.
Default
An asset will be considered as defaulted whenever it is more than 90 days past due.
Deferred tax assets
Taxes recoverable in future years, including loss carry forwards or tax credits for deductions and tax 
rebates pending application.
Deferred tax liabilities
Income taxes payable in subsequent years.
Defined benefit plans
Post-employment obligation under which the entity, directly or indirectly via the plan, retains the 
contractual or implicit obligation to pay remuneration directly to employees when required or to pay 
additional amounts if the insurer, or other entity required to pay, does not cover all the benefits relating 
to the services rendered by the employees when insurance policies do not cover all of the corresponding 
post-employees benefits.
Defined contribution 
plans
Defined contribution plans are retirement benefit plans under which amounts to be paid as retirement 
benefits are determined by contributions to a fund together with investment earnings thereon. The 
employer's obligations in respect of its employees current and prior years' employment service are 
discharged by contributions to the fund.
Deposits from central 
banks
Deposits of all classes, including loans and money market operations, received from the Bank of Spain 
and other central banks.
Deposits from credit 
institutions
Deposits of all classes, including loans and money market operations received, from credit entities.
Deposits from customers
Redeemable cash balances received by the entity, with the exception of debt certificates, money market 
operations through counterparties and subordinated liabilities, which are not received from either central 
banks or credit entities. This category also includes cash deposits and consignments received that can 
be readily withdrawn.
Derivatives
The fair value in favor (assets) or again (liabilities) of the entity of derivatives not designated as 
accounting hedges.
Derivatives - Hedge 
accounting
Derivatives designated as hedging instruments in an accounting hedge. The fair value or future cash 
flows of those derivatives is expected to offset the differences in the fair value or cash flows of the items 
hedged.
Diluted earnings per 
share
Calculated by using a method similar to that used to calculate basic earnings per share; the weighted 
average number of shares outstanding, and the profit attributable to the parent company corresponding 
to ordinary shareholders of the entity, if appropriate, is adjusted to take into account the potential dilutive 
effect of certain financial instruments that could generate the issue of new Bank shares (share option 
commitments with employees, warrants on parent company shares, convertible debt instruments, etc.).
Dividends and 
retributions
Dividend income collected announced during the year, corresponding to profits generated by investees 
after the acquisition of the stake.
Domestic activity
Domestic balances are those of BBVA´s Group entities domiciled in Spain, which reflect BBVA´s 
domestic activities, being the allocation of assets and liabilities based on the domicile of the Group entity 
at which the relevant asset or liability is accounted for.
Early retirements
Employees that no longer render their services to the entity but which, without being legally retired, 
remain entitled to make economic claims on the entity until they formally retire.
Economic capital
Methods or practices that allow banks to consistently assess risk and attribute capital to cover the 
economic effects of risk-taking activities.
Effective interest rate 
(EIR)
Discount rate that exactly equals the value of a financial instrument with the cash flows estimated over 
the expected life of the instrument based on its contractual period as well as its anticipated amortization, 
but without taking the future losses of credit risk into consideration.
Employee expenses
All compensation accrued during the year in respect of personnel on the payroll, under permanent or 
temporary contracts, irrespective of their jobs or functions, irrespective of the concept, including the 
current costs of servicing pension plans, own share based compensation schemes and capitalized 
personnel expenses. Amounts reimbursed by the state Social Security or other welfare entities in respect 
of employee illness are deducted from personnel expenses.
Consolidated Financial Statements Glossary
234
Translation of the Consolidated Financial Statements originally issued in Spanish and prepared in accordance with EU-IFRS, as adopted 
by the European Union (see Notes 1 to 56). In the event of a discrepancy, the Spanish-language version prevails

Equity
The residual interest in an entity's assets after deducting its liabilities. It includes owner or venturer 
contributions to the entity, at incorporation and subsequently, unless they meet the definition of 
liabilities, and accumulated net profits or losses, fair value adjustments affecting equity and, if warranted, 
non-controlling interests.
Equity instruments
An equity instrument that evidences a residual interest in the assets of an entity, that is after deducting 
all of its liabilities.
Equity instruments 
issued other than capital
Includes equity instruments that are financial instruments other than “Capital” and “Equity component of 
compound financial instruments”.
Equity method
Is a method of accounting whereby the investment is initially recognized at cost and adjusted thereafter 
for the post-acquisition change in the investor’s share of the investee’s net assets. The investor’s profit 
or loss includes its share of the investee’s profit or loss and the investor’s other comprehensive income 
includes its share of the investee’s other comprehensive income.
Exchange/translation 
differences
Exchange differences: Includes the earnings obtained in currency trading and the differences arising on 
translating monetary items denominated in foreign currency to the functional currency. Exchange 
differences (valuation adjustments): those recorded due to the translation of the financial statements in 
foreign currency to the functional currency of the Group and others recorded against equity.
Expected Credit Loss 
(ECL)
Expected credit losses are a probability-weighted estimate of credit losses over the expected life of the 
financial instrument. Hence, credit losses are the present value of expected cash shortfalls. The 
measurement and estimate of these expected credit losses should reflect:
1. An unbiased and probability-weighted amount.
2. The time value of money by discounting this amount to the reporting date using a rate that 
approximates the EIR of the asset, and
3. Reasonable and supportable information that is available without undue cost or effort.
The expected credit losses must be measured as the difference between the asset’s gross carrying 
amount and the present value of estimated future cash flows discounted at the financial asset’s original 
effective interest rate or an approximation thereof (forward looking).
Exposure at default
EAD is the amount of risk exposure at the date of default by the counterparty.
Fair value
The price that would be received to sell an asset or paid to transfer a liability in an orderly transaction 
between market participants at the measurement date.
Fair value hedges
Derivatives that hedge the exposure to changes in the fair value of assets and liabilities or firm 
commitments that have not be recognized, or of an identified portion of said assets, liabilities or firm 
commitments, attributable to a specific risk, provided it could affect the income statement.
Financial assets at 
amortized cost
Financial assets that do not meet the definition of financial assets designated at fair value through profit 
or loss and arise from the financial entities' ordinary activities to capture funds, regardless of their 
instrumentation or maturity.
Financial assets at fair 
value through other 
comprehensive income
Financial instruments with determined or determinable cash flows and in which the entire payment made 
by the entity will be recovered, except for reasons attributable to the solvency of the debtor. This 
category includes both the investments from the typical lending activity as well as debts contracted by 
the purchasers of goods, or users of services, that form part of the entity’s business. It also includes all 
finance lease arrangements in which the subsidiaries act as lessors.
Financial guarantees
Contracts that require the issuer to make specified payments to reimburse the holder for a loss it incurs 
when a specified debtor fails to make payment when due in accordance with the original or modified 
terms of a debt instrument, irrespective of its instrumentation. These guarantees may take the form of 
deposits, technical or financial guarantees, insurance contracts or credit derivatives.
Financial guarantees 
given
Transactions through which the entity guarantees commitments assumed by third parties in respect of 
financial guarantees granted or other types of contracts.
Financial instrument
A financial instrument is any contract that gives rise to a financial asset of one entity and to a financial 
liability or equity instrument of another entity.
Financial liabilities at 
amortized cost
Financial liabilities that do not meet the definition of financial liabilities designated at fair value through 
profit or loss and arise from the financial entities' ordinary activities to capture funds, regardless of their 
instrumentation or maturity.
Foreign activity
International balances are those of BBVA´s Group entities domiciled outside of Spain, which reflect our 
foreign activities, being the allocation of assets and liabilities based on the domicile of the Group entity at 
which the relevant asset or liability is accounted for.
Goodwill
Goodwill acquired in a business combination represents a payment made by the acquirer in anticipation 
of future economic benefits from assets that are not able to be individually identified and separately 
recognized.
Hedges of net 
investments in foreign 
operations
Foreign currency hedge of a net investment in a foreign operation.
Held for trading (assets 
and liabilities)
Financial assets and liabilities acquired or incurred primarily for the purpose of profiting from variations 
in their prices in the short term.
This category also includes financial derivatives not qualifying for hedge accounting, and in the case of 
borrowed securities, financial liabilities originated by the firm sale of financial assets acquired under 
repurchase agreements or received on loan (“short positions”).
Consolidated Financial Statements Glossary
235
Translation of the Consolidated Financial Statements originally issued in Spanish and prepared in accordance with EU-IFRS, as adopted 
by the European Union (see Notes 1 to 56). In the event of a discrepancy, the Spanish-language version prevails

IFRS (International 
Financial Reporting 
Standards)
For the purposes of these Financial Statements, "International Financial Reporting Standards" include 
International Accounting Standards (IAS), International Financial Reporting Standards (IFRS) and related 
interpretations (SIC interpretations/IFRIC interpretations), as may be developed or adopted by the 
International Accounting Standards Board (IASB, International Accounting Standard Board).
Immunized portfolios
This is considered to be the portfolios on which "cash flow matching" is carried out, that is, balance sheet 
management with the aim of trying to mitigate the risk derived from the different maturities and interest 
rates between assets and liabilities.
Impaired financial assets
An asset is credit-impaired according to IFRS 9 if one or more events have occurred and they have a 
detrimental impact on the estimated future cash flows of the asset. Evidence that a financial asset is 
credit-impaired includes observable data about the following events:
a.
a significant financial difficulty of the issuer or the borrower,
b.
a breach of contract (e.g. a default or past due event),
c.
a lender having granted a concession to the borrower – for economic or contractual reasons 
relating to the borrower’s financial difficulty – that the lender would not otherwise consider,
d.
it becoming probable that the borrower will enter bankruptcy or other financial reorganization,
e.
the disappearance of an active market for that financial asset because of financial difficulties, or
f.
the purchase or origination of a financial asset at a deep discount that reflects the incurred 
credit losses.
Income from equity 
instruments
Dividends and income on equity instruments collected or announced during the year corresponding to 
profits generated by investees after the ownership interest is acquired. Income is recognized gross, i.e., 
without deducting any withholdings made, if any.
Inside Information
Type of filing made with the CNMV that contains information which by its nature may affect the price of 
one or more securities, or the market as a whole, and which has not yet been the subject of publicity or 
dissemination.
Insurance contracts 
linked to pensions
The fair value of insurance contracts written to cover pension commitments.
Inventories
Assets, other than financial instruments, under production, construction or development, held for sale 
during the normal course of business, or to be consumed in the production process or during the 
rendering of services. Inventories include land and other properties held for sale at the real estate 
development business.
Investment properties
Investment property is property (land or a building—or part of a building—or both) held (by the owner or 
by the lessee under a finance lease) to earn rentals or for capital appreciation or both, rather than for own 
use or sale in the ordinary course of business.
Joint arrangement
An arrangement of which two or more parties have joint control.
Joint control
The contractually agreed sharing of control of an arrangement, which exists only when decisions about 
the relevant activities require the unanimous consent of the parties sharing control.
Joint operation
A joint arrangement whereby the parties that have joint control of the arrangement have rights to the 
assets of the arrangement and obligations for the liabilities. A joint venturer shall recognize the following 
for its participation in a joint operation: 
a.
its assets, including any share of the assets of joint ownership; 
b.
its liabilities, including any share of the liabilities incurred jointly;
c.
income from the sale of its share of production from the joint venture;
d.
its share of the proceeds from the sale of production from the joint venturer; and 
e.
its expenses, including any share of the joint expenses. A joint venturer shall account for the 
assets, liabilities, income and expenses related to its participation in a joint operation in 
accordance with IFRS applicable to the assets, liabilities, income and expenses specific 
question.
Joint venture
A joint arrangement whereby the parties that have joint control of the arrangement have rights to the net 
assets of the arrangement. A joint venturer shall recognize its interest in a joint venture as an investment 
and shall account for that investment using the equity method in accordance with IAS 28 Investments in 
Associates and Joint Ventures.
Leases
A lease is an agreement whereby the lessor conveys to the lessee in return for a payment or series of 
payments the right to use an asset for an agreed period of time, a stream of cash flows that is essentially 
equivalent to the combination of principal and interest payments under a loan agreement. a) A lease is 
classified as a finance lease when it substantially transfers all the risks and rewards incidental to 
ownership of the asset forming the subject-matter of the contract. b) A lease will be classified as 
operating lease when it is not a financial lease.
Lease liability
Lease that represents the lessee’s obligation to make lease payments during the lease term.
Liabilities included in 
disposal groups 
classified as held for sale
The balance of liabilities directly associated with assets classified as non-current assets held for sale, 
including those recognized under liabilities in the entity's balance sheet at the balance sheet date 
corresponding to discontinued operations.
Liabilities under 
insurance contracts
The technical reserves of direct insurance and inward reinsurance recorded by the entities to cover 
claims arising from insurance contracts in force at period-end.
Loans and advances to 
customers
Loans and receivables, irrespective of their type, granted to third parties that are not credit entities.
Loss given default (LGD)
It is the estimate of the loss arising in the event of default. It depends mainly on the characteristics of the 
counterparty, and the valuation of the guarantees or collateral associated with the asset.
Consolidated Financial Statements Glossary
236
Translation of the Consolidated Financial Statements originally issued in Spanish and prepared in accordance with EU-IFRS, as adopted 
by the European Union (see Notes 1 to 56). In the event of a discrepancy, the Spanish-language version prevails

Mortgage-covered bonds Financial asset or security created from mortgage loans and backed by the guarantee of the mortgage 
loan portfolio of the entity.
Non Performing Loans 
(NPL)
The balance of non performing risks, whether for reasons of default by customers or for other reasons, 
for exposures on balance loans to customers. This figure is shown gross: in other words, it is not adjusted 
for value corrections (loan loss reserves) made.
Non-controlling interests
The net amount of the profit or loss and net assets of a subsidiary attributable to associates outside the 
group (that is, the amount that is not owned, directly or indirectly, by the parent), including that amount 
in the corresponding part of the earnings for the period.
Non-current assets and 
disposal groups held for 
sale
A non-current asset or disposal group, whose carrying amount is expected to be realized through a sale 
transaction, rather than through continuing use, and which meets the following requirements: 
a.
it is immediately available for sale in its present condition at the balance sheet date, i.e. only 
normal procedures are required for the sale of the asset.
b.
the sale is considered highly probable.
Non-monetary assets
Assets and liabilities that do not provide any right to receive or deliver a determined or determinable 
amount of monetary units, such as tangible and intangible assets, goodwill and ordinary shares 
subordinate to all other classes of capital instruments.
Non-trading financial 
assets mandatorily at fair 
value through
Profit or loss
The financial assets registered under this heading either have contractual cash flows that do not comply 
with the SPPI test conditions, or are not covered by a business model whose objective is (i) maintaining 
financial assets to obtain cash flows, or (ii) obtaining contractual cash flows and selling financial assets.
Option risk
Risks arising from options, including embedded options.
Other financial assets/
liabilities at fair value 
through profit or loss
Instruments designated by the entity from the inception at fair value with changes in profit or loss. An 
entity may only designate a financial instrument at fair value through profit or loss, if doing so more 
relevant information is obtained, because:
a.
It eliminates or significantly reduces a measurement or recognition inconsistency (sometimes 
called "accounting mismatch") that would otherwise arise from measuring assets or liabilities 
or recognizing the gains and losses on them on different bases. It might be acceptable to 
designate only some of a number of similar financial assets or financial liabilities if doing so a 
significant reduction (and possibly a greater reduction than other allowable designations) in the 
inconsistency is achieved.
b.
The performance of a group of financial assets or financial liabilities is managed and evaluated 
on a fair value basis, in accordance with a documented risk management or investment 
strategy, and information about the group is provided internally on that basis to the entity´s 
key management personnel. These are financial assets managed jointly with “Liabilities under 
insurance and reinsurance contracts” measured at fair value, in combination with derivatives 
written with a view to significantly mitigating exposure to changes in these contracts' fair value, 
or in combination with financial liabilities and derivatives designed to significantly reduce global 
exposure to interest rate risk. These headings include customer loans and deposits effected via 
so-called unit-linked life insurance contracts, in which the policyholder assumes the investment 
risk.
Other Relevant 
Information
Type of filing with the CNMV that contains a news item or piece of information that may influence 
investors' decisions on a given security, with a consequent impact on the share price.
Other reserves
This heading is broken down as follows:
i) Reserves or accumulated losses of investments in subsidiaries, joint ventures and associates: include 
the accumulated amount of income and expenses generated by the aforementioned investments 
through profit or loss in past years.
ii) Other: includes reserves different from those separately disclosed in other items and may include legal 
reserve and statutory reserve.
Other retributions to 
employees long term
Includes the amount of compensation plans to employees long term.
Own/treasury shares
The amount of own equity instruments held by the entity.
Past service cost
It is the change in the present value of the defined benefit obligation for employee service in prior periods, 
resulting in the current period from the introduction of, or changes to, post-employment benefits or other 
long-term employee benefits.
Post-employment 
benefits
Retirement benefit plans are arrangements whereby an enterprise provides benefits for its employees on 
or after termination of service.
Premium Allocation 
Approach (PAA)
This is one of the three measurement models for the valuation of insurance and reinsurance contracts. 
This is a simplification of the general method (BBA) in the valuation of the provision for the remaining 
coverage, which can be adopted if the coverage period of the group of contracts is less than or equal to 
one year, according to the limits of the contract, or if the liability for the remaining coverage obtained 
does not differ materially from that produced under the general method.
Probability of default 
(PD)
It is the probability of the counterparty failing to meet its principal and/or interest payment obligations. 
The PD is associated with the rating/scoring of each counterparty/transaction.
Property, plant and 
equipment/tangible 
assets
Buildings, land, fixtures, vehicles, computer equipment and other facilities owned by the entity or 
acquired under finance leases.
Provisions
Provisions include amounts recognized to cover the Group’s current obligations arising as a result of past 
events, certain in terms of nature but uncertain in terms of amount and/or cancellation date.
Consolidated Financial Statements Glossary
237
Translation of the Consolidated Financial Statements originally issued in Spanish and prepared in accordance with EU-IFRS, as adopted 
by the European Union (see Notes 1 to 56). In the event of a discrepancy, the Spanish-language version prevails

Provisions for contingent 
liabilities and 
commitments
Provisions recorded to cover exposures arising as a result of transactions through which the entity 
guarantees commitments assumed by third parties in respect of financial guarantees granted or other 
types of contracts, and provisions for contingent commitments, i.e., irrevocable commitments which 
may arise upon recognition of financial assets.
Provisions for pensions 
and similar obligation
Constitutes all provisions recognized to cover retirement benefits, including commitments assumed vis-
à-vis beneficiaries of early retirement and analogous schemes.
Provisions or (-) reversal 
of provisions
Provisions recognized during the year, net of recoveries on amounts provisioned in prior years, with the 
exception of provisions for pensions and contributions to pension funds which constitute current or 
interest expense.
Refinanced operation
An operation which is totally or partially brought up to date with its payments as a result of a refinancing 
operation made by the entity itself or by another company in its group.
Refinancing operation
An operation which, irrespective of the holder or guarantees involved, is granted or used for financial or 
legal reasons related to current or foreseeable financial difficulties that the holder(s) may have in settling 
one or more operations granted by the entity itself or by other companies in its group to the holder(s) or 
to another company or companies of its group, or through which such operations are totally or partially 
brought up to date with their payments, in order to enable the holders of the settled or refinanced 
operations to pay off their loans (principal and interest) because they are unable, or are expected to be 
unable, to meet the conditions in a timely and appropriate manner.
Repricing risk
Risks related to the timing mismatch in the maturity and repricing of assets and liabilities and off-balance 
sheet short and long-term positions.
Restructured operation
An operation whose financial conditions are modified for economic or legal reasons related to the 
holder's (or holders') current or foreseeable financial difficulties, in order to enable payment of the loan 
(principal and interest), because the holder is unable, or is expected to be unable, to meet those 
conditions in a timely and appropriate manner, even if such modification is provided for in the contract. In 
any event, the following are considered restructured operations: operations in which a haircut is made or 
assets are received in order to reduce the loan, or in which their conditions are modified in order to 
extend their maturity, change the amortization table in order to reduce the amount of the installments in 
the short term or reduce their frequency, or to establish or extend the grace period for the principal, the 
interest or both; except when it can be proved that the conditions are modified for reasons other than the 
financial difficulties of the holders and, are similar to those applied on the market on the modification 
date for operations granted to customers with a similar risk profile.
Retained earnings
Accumulated net profits or losses recognized in the income statement in prior years and retained in 
equity upon distribution.
Right of use asset
Asset that represents the lessee’s right to use an underlying asset during the lease term.
Securitization fund
A fund that is configured as a separate equity and administered by a management company. An entity 
that would like funding sells certain assets to the securitization fund, which, in turn, issues securities 
backed by said assets.
Share premium
The amount paid in by owners for issued equity at a premium to the shares' nominal value.
Shareholders' funds
Contributions by stockholders, accumulated earnings recognized in the income statement and the equity 
components of compound financial instruments.
Short positions
Financial liabilities arising as a result of the final sale of financial assets acquired under repurchase 
agreements or received on loan.
Significant increase in 
credit risk
In order to determine whether there has been a significant increase in credit risk for lifetime expected 
losses recognition, the Group has developed a two-prong approach:
–
Quantitative criterion: based on comparing the current expected probability of default over the life 
of the transaction with the original adjusted expected probability of default. The thresholds used for 
considering a significant increase in risk take into account special cases according to geographic 
areas and portfolios.
–
Qualitative criterion: most indicators for detecting significant risk increase are included in the 
Group's systems through rating/scoring systems or macroeconomic scenarios, so quantitative 
analysis covers the majority of circumstances. The Group will use additional qualitative criteria 
when it considers it necessary to include circumstances that are not reflected in the rating/score 
systems or macroeconomic scenarios used.
Significant influence
Is the power to participate in the financial and operating policy decisions of the investee but is not control 
or joint control of those policies. If an entity holds, directly or indirectly (i.e. through subsidiaries), 20 per 
cent or more of the voting power of the investee, it is presumed that the entity has significant influence, 
unless it can be clearly demonstrated that this is not the case. Conversely, if the entity holds, directly or 
indirectly (i.e. through subsidiaries), less than 20 per cent of the voting power of the investee, it is 
presumed that the entity does not have significant influence, unless such influence can be clearly 
demonstrated. A substantial or majority ownership by another investor does not necessarily preclude an 
entity from having significant influence.
The existence of significant influence by an entity is usually evidenced in one or more of the following 
ways:
a.
representation on the board of directors or equivalent governing body of the investee; b) 
participation in policy-making processes, including participation in decisions about dividends or 
other distributions;
b.
material transactions between the entity and its investee;
c.
interchange of managerial personnel; or
d.
provision of essential technical information.
Consolidated Financial Statements Glossary
238
Translation of the Consolidated Financial Statements originally issued in Spanish and prepared in accordance with EU-IFRS, as adopted 
by the European Union (see Notes 1 to 56). In the event of a discrepancy, the Spanish-language version prevails

Solely Payments of 
Principle and Interest 
(SPPI)
The assessment as to how an asset shall be classified is made on the basis of both the business model for 
managing the financial asset and the contractual cash flow characteristic of the financial asset (SPPI 
Criterion). To determine whether a financial asset shall be classified as measured at amortized cost or 
FVOCI, a
Group assesses (apart from the business model) whether the cash flows from the financial asset 
represent, on specified dates, solely payments of principal and interest on the principal amount 
outstanding (SPPI).
Stages
IFRS 9 classifies financial instruments into three categories, which depend on the evolution of their credit 
risk from the moment of initial recognition. The first category includes the transactions when they are 
initially recognized - without significant increase in credit risk (stage 1); the second comprises the 
operations for which a significant increase in credit risk has been identified since its initial recognition - 
significant increase in credit risk (stage 2) and the third one, the impaired operations Impaired (stage 3).
The transfer logic is defined in a symmetrical way, whenever the condition that
triggered a transfer to stage 2 is no longer met, the exposure will be transferred to
stage 1. In the case of forbearances transferred to stage 2, as long as the loan is flagged as forbearance it 
will keep its status as stage 2. However, when the loan is not flagged as forbearance it will be transferred 
back to stage 1.
Statements of cash flows The indirect method has been used for the preparation of the statement of cash flows. This method 
starts from the entity’s profit and adjusts its amount for the effects of transactions of a non-cash nature, 
any deferrals or accruals of past or future operating cash receipts or payments, and items of income or 
expense associated with cash flows classified as investment or finance. As well as cash, short-term, 
highly liquid investments subject to a low risk of changes in value, such as cash and deposits in central 
banks, are classified as cash and cash equivalents. When preparing these financial statements the 
following definitions have been used:
· Cash flows: Inflows and outflows of cash and cash equivalents.
· Operating activities: The typical activities of credit institutions and other activities that cannot be 
classified as investment or financing activities.
· Investing activities: The acquisition, sale or other disposal of long-term assets and other investments 
not included in cash and cash equivalents or in operating activities.
· Financing activities: Activities that result in changes in the size and composition of the Group’s equity
and of liabilities that do not form part of operating activities.
Statements of changes 
in equity
The statements of changes in equity reflect all the movements generated in each year in each of the 
headings of the equity, including those from transactions undertaken with shareholders when they act as 
such, and those due to changes in accounting criteria or corrections of errors, if any. The applicable 
regulations establish that certain categories of assets and liabilities are recognized at their fair value with 
a charge to equity. These charges, known as “Accumulated other comprehensive income”, are included 
in the Group’s total equity net of tax effect, which has been recognized as deferred tax assets or 
liabilities, as appropriate.
Statements of 
recognized income and 
expense
The statement of recognized income and expenses reflect the income and expenses generated in each 
fiscal year, distinguishing between those recognized in the profit and loss accounts and the “Other 
recognized income and expenses”; which are recorded directly in the equity.
The “Other recognized income and expenses” includes the variations that have occurred in the period in 
“accumulated other comprehensive income”, detailed by concepts.
The sum of the variations recorded in the “accumulated other comprehensive income” caption of the 
equity and the profit for the year represents the “Total income and expenses”.
Structured credit 
products
Special financial instrument backed by other instruments building a subordination structure.
Structured entities
A structured entity is an entity that has been designed so that voting or similar rights are not the 
dominant factor in deciding who controls the entity, such as when any voting rights relate to 
administrative tasks only and the relevant activities are directed by means of contractual arrangements. 
A structured entity often has some or all of the following features or attributes:
a.
restricted activities.
b.
a narrow and well-defined objective, such as to effect a tax-efficient lease, carry out research 
and development activities, provide a source of capital or funding to an entity or provide 
investment opportunities for investors and passing on risks and rewards associated with the 
assets of the structured entity to investors.
c.
insufficient equity to permit the structured entity to finance its activities without subordinated
financial support.
d.
financing in the form of multiple contractually linked instruments to investors that create 
concentrations of credit or other risks (tranches).
Subordinated liabilities
Financing received, regardless of its instrumentation, which ranks after the common creditors in the 
event of a liquidation.
Consolidated Financial Statements Glossary
239
Translation of the Consolidated Financial Statements originally issued in Spanish and prepared in accordance with EU-IFRS, as adopted 
by the European Union (see Notes 1 to 56). In the event of a discrepancy, the Spanish-language version prevails

Subsidiaries
Companies over which the Group exercises control. An entity is presumed to have control over another 
when it possesses the right to oversee its financial and operational policies, through a legal, statutory or 
contractual procedure, in order to obtain benefits from its economic activities. Control is presumed to 
exist when the parent owns, directly or indirectly through subsidiaries, more than one half of an entity's 
voting power, unless, exceptionally, it can be clearly demonstrated that ownership of more than one half 
of an entity's voting rights does not constitute control of it. Control also exists when the parent owns half 
or less of the voting power of an entity when there is:
a.
an agreement that gives the parent the right to control the votes of other shareholders; 
b.
power to govern the financial and operating policies of the entity under a statute or an 
agreement; power to appoint or remove the majority of the members of the board of directors 
or equivalent governing body and control of the entity is by that board or body;
c.
power to cast the majority of votes at meetings of the board of directors or equivalent
governing body and control of the entity is by that board or body.
Tangible book value
Tangible Book Value represents the tangible equity's value for the shareholders as it does not include the 
intangible assets and the minority interests (non-controlling interests). It is calculated by discounting 
intangible assets, that is, goodwill and the rest of consolidated intangibles recorded under the public 
balance sheet (goodwill and intangible assets of companies accounted for by the equity method or 
companies classified as non-current assets for sale are not subtracted). It is also shown as ex-dividends.
Tax liabilities
All tax related liabilities except for provisions for taxes.
Territorial bonds
Financial assets or fixed asset security issued with the guarantee of portfolio loans of the public sector of 
the issuing entity.
Tier 1 Capital
Mainly includes: Common stock, parent company reserves, reserves in companies, non-controlling 
interests, deductions and others and attributed net income.
Tier 2 Capital
Mainly includes: Subordinated, preferred shares and non- controlling interests.
Unit-link
This is life insurance in which the policyholder assumes the risk. In these policies, the funds for the 
technical insurance provisions are invested in the name of and on behalf of the policyholder in shares of 
Collective Investment Institutions and other financial assets chosen by the policyholder, who bears the 
investment risk.
Value at Risk (VaR)
Value at Risk (VaR) is the basic variable for measuring and controlling the Group’s market risk. This risk 
metric estimates the maximum loss that may occur in a portfolio’s market positions for a particular time 
horizon and given confidence level. VaR figures are estimated following the methodology of VaR without 
smoothing, which awards equal weight to the daily information for the immediately preceding last two 
years. This is currently the official methodology for measuring market risks vis-à-vis compliance limits of 
the risk.
Variable Fee Approach 
(VFA)
This is one of the three measurement models for the valuation of insurance and reinsurance contracts. 
Applies to those insurance contracts in which the requirements established by IFRS 17 par.B101 are met: 
fully identified underlying assets, significant participation of the policyholder in the profitability of the 
underlying assets and that the payment of future benefits is significantly related to the value of the 
underlying assets.
Watch List (WL)
Watch List is defined as such risk that, derived from an individualized credit assessment, involves a 
significant increase in credit risk from the moment of origination, due to economic or financial difficulties 
or because it has suffered, or is estimated to suffer, adverse situations in its environment, without 
meeting the criteria for its classification as non performing.
Write- off
When the recovery of any recognized amount is considered to be remote, this amount is removed from 
the balance sheet, without prejudice to any actions taken by the entities in order to collect the amount 
until their rights extinguish in full through expiry, forgiveness or for other reasons.
Yield curve risk
Risks arising from changes in the slope and the shape of the yield curve.
Consolidated Financial Statements Glossary
240
Translation of the Consolidated Financial Statements originally issued in Spanish and prepared in accordance with EU-IFRS, as adopted 
by the European Union (see Notes 1 to 56). In the event of a discrepancy, the Spanish-language version prevails

Legal disclaimer
This document is provided for informative purposes only and is not intended to provide financial advice and, therefore, does not 
constitute, nor should it be interpreted as, an offer to sell, exchange or acquire, or an invitation for offers to acquire securities issued 
by any of the aforementioned companies, or to contract any financial product. Any decision to purchase or invest in securities or 
contract any financial product must be made solely and exclusively on the basis of the information made available to such effects by 
the relevant company in relation to each such specific matter. The information contained in this document is subject to and should be 
read in conjunction with all other publicly available information of the issuer.
This document contains forward-looking statements that constitute or may constitute “forward-looking statements” (within the 
meaning of the “safe harbor” provisions of the United States Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995) with respect to 
intentions, objectives, expectations or estimates as of the date hereof, including those relating to future targets of both a financial and 
non-financial nature (such as environmental, social or governance (“ESG”) performance targets).
Forward-looking statements may be identified by the fact that they do not refer to historical or current facts and include words such 
as “believe”, “expect”, “estimate”, “project”, “anticipate”, “duty”, “intend”, “likelihood”, “risk”, “VaR”, “purpose”, “commitment”, 
“goal”, “target” and similar expressions or variations of those expressions. They include, for example, statements regarding future 
growth rates or the achievement of future targets, including those relating to ESG performance.
The information contained in this document reflects our current expectations, estimates and targets, which are based on various 
assumptions, judgments and projections, including non-financial considerations such as those related to sustainability, which may 
differ from and not be comparable to those used by other companies. Forward-looking statements are not guarantees of future 
results, and actual results may differ materially from those anticipated in the forward-looking statements as a result of certain risks, 
uncertainties and other factors. These factors include, but are not limited to, (1) market conditions, macroeconomic factors, domestic 
and international stock market conditions, exchange rates, inflation and interest rates; (2) regulatory, oversight, political, 
governmental, social and demographic factors; (3) changes in the financial condition, creditworthiness or solvency of our clients, 
debtors or counterparties, such as changes in default rates, as well as changes in consumer spending, savings and investment 
behavior, and changes in our credit ratings; (4) competitive pressures and actions we take in response thereto; (5) performance of 
our IT, operations and control systems and our ability to adapt to technological changes; (6) climate change and the occurrence of 
natural or man-made disasters, such as an outbreak or escalation of hostilities; (7) our ability to appropriately address any ESG 
expectations or obligations (related to our business, management, corporate governance, disclosure or otherwise), and the cost 
thereof; and (8) our ability to successfully complete and integrate acquisitions. In the particular case of certain targets related to our 
ESG performance, such as, decarbonization targets or alignment of our portfolios, the achievement and progress towards such 
targets will depend to a large extent on the actions of third parties, such as clients, governments and other stakeholders, and may 
therefore be materially affected by such actions, or lack thereof, as well as by other exogenous factors that do not depend on BBVA 
(including, but not limited to, new technological developments, regulatory developments, military conflicts, the evolution of climate 
and energy crises, etc.). Therefore, these targets may be subject to future revisions.
The factors mentioned in the preceding paragraphs could cause actual future results to differ substantially from those set forth in the 
forecasts, intentions, objectives, targets or other forward-looking statements included in this document or in other past or future 
documents. Accordingly, results, including those related to ESG performance targets, among others, may differ materially from the 
statements contained in the forward-looking statements.
Recipients of this document are cautioned not to place undue reliance on such forward-looking statements. 
Past performance or growth rates are not indicative of future performance, results or share price (including earnings per share). 
Nothing in this document should be construed as a forecast of results or future earnings. 
BBVA does not intend, and undertakes no obligation, to update or revise the contents of this or any other document if there are any 
changes in the information contained therein, or including the forward-looking statements contained in any such document, as a 
result of events or circumstances after the date of such document or otherwise except as required by applicable law.
Consolidated Financial Statements Legal Disclaimer
241
Translation of the Consolidated Financial Statements originally issued in Spanish and prepared in accordance with EU-IFRS, as adopted 
by the European Union (see Notes 1 to 56). In the event of a discrepancy, the Spanish-language version prevails

