2024 Annual Report
Places 
Powering 
Progress

2
BXP, Inc.
BXP, Inc. (NYSE: BXP) is the largest publicly 
traded developer, owner, and manager of premier 
workplaces in the United States, concentrated 
in six dynamic gateway markets—Boston, 
Los Angeles, New York, San Francisco, Seattle, 
and Washington, DC.
Forward Looking Statement
This Annual Report contains “Forward-Looking Statements” within the meaning of the federal securities laws. See the discussion under 
“Forward-Looking Statements” in the Form 10-K for more information. This Annual Report also contains certain Non-GAAP Financial 
Measures within the meaning of Regulation G. The calculations of these Non-GAAP Financial Measures may differ from those used by 
other REITs. The reasons for their use and reconciliations to the most directly comparable GAAP measures are included in the Form 10-K 
and on the pages immediately following the Form 10-K attached to this Annual Report titled “Disclosures Relating to Non-GAAP Financial 
Measures.” All data contained herein is as of December 31, 2024, unless otherwise expressly noted.

2024 Annual Report
1
We have delivered places that power progress 
for our clients and communities for more than 
50 years. We are a fully integrated real estate 
company, organized as a real estate investment 
trust (REIT). Including properties owned by 
unconsolidated joint ventures, our portfolio 
totals 53.3 million square feet1 and 185 
properties1, including seven properties under 
construction/redevelopment. 
We are well known for our development 
expertise, in-house building management, and 
responsiveness to clients’ needs. We hold a 
superior track record of developing Central 
Business District (CBD) workplaces, successful 
mixed-use complexes, and build-to-suit projects 
for a diverse array of creditworthy clients. 
We actively work to promote our growth and 
operations in a sustainable and responsible 
manner and are a recognized leader in green 
building. In 2024, we earned a thirteenth 
consecutive GRESB Green Star and the highest 
GRESB 5-star Rating. We were founded in 1970 
and became a public company in 1997.
For data on this page only:
1.	 Includes 100% of consolidated and unconsolidated properties.
2.	 Represents signed leases for which revenue recognition has commenced in accordance with GAAP and signed leases for vacant space with future 
commencement dates. Excludes hotel and residential properties.
3.	 Excludes hotel and residential properties. 
4.	 Calculation is based on BXP’s Share of Annualized Rental Obligations. Refer to page 54 of our Annual Report on Form 10-K for the definition 
of Annualized Rental Obligations.
5.	 Refer to Disclosures Relating to Non-GAAP Financial Measures on the pages immediately following the Form 10-K.
6.	 Annualized dividend yield equals Q4 2024 dividend per share of $0.98, multiplied by four (4), divided by BXP’s stock price as of the close of business 
on December 31, 2024.
7.	 FTSE Nareit All REITs Index.
QUICK FACTS
Properties1
185
Leased (In-Service Properties) 1, 2
89.4%
Weighted-Average Lease Term 1,3,4
7.7 Years
Square Feet Owned1
53.3M
Square Feet of Development/
Redevelopment1
2.3M
Square Feet of Leases Executed1,2 
in 2024
5.6M
BXP’s Share of Annual Revenue5
$3.3B
BXP’s Share of Annual EBITDAre5
$1.9B
Annual Funds Available 
for Distribution5
$894M
Constituent
S&P 500
Dividend Yield6
5.3%
898%
Total Return Since 1997 IPO 
(0.9x S&P 500 | 1.2x REIT Index)7

2
BXP, Inc.
Douglas T. Linde
President
Owen D. Thomas 
Chairman of the Board 
& Chief Executive Officer
To Our 
Shareholders
In 2024, BXP demonstrated resilient and improving 
performance while deepening and broadening its 
relationships with industry leading clients as the go-
to provider of premier workplaces. With recovery 
underway in both the property and capital markets, 
BXP’s performance included strong leasing, a creative 
and accretive acquisition, and increasing momentum 
towards selective new developments based on firm 
client demand. Our scale, financial strength, trusted 
reputation with clients, real estate expertise, and 
commitment to our sector makes BXP a unique 
investment opportunity in the REIT industry.

2024 Annual Report
3
Highlights for 2024 include:
•	 Completed approximately 5.6 million square feet1,2 
of leasing, with a weighted-average lease term of 
9.8 years1,3,4, including more than 2.3 million square feet1,2 
in the fourth quarter with a weighted-average lease term 
of 10.3 years1,3,4, representing BXP’s strongest leasing 
quarter since the second quarter of 2019, 
•	 Maintained stable occupancy ending 2024 with our 
in-service portfolio 87.5% occupied3 and 89.4% leased1,2,
•	 BXP’s Central Business District (CBD) portfolio of 
premier workplaces ended 2024 90.9% occupied3 and 
92.8% leased2. Approximately 88.0% of BXP’s Share 
of Annualized Rental Obligations3,5 is derived from clients 
located in this CBD portfolio,
•	 Delivered approximately 1.2 million square feet1 of 
new developments into service that are 62% leased3,6, 
including three life sciences properties, one of 
which is fully leased to the Broad Institute, one retail 
redevelopment, and the 508-unit residential tower, 
Skymark, in Reston, Virginia, aggregating approximately 
$485 million7 in investment,
•	 Acquired and commenced the redevelopment of 
725 12th Street in Washington, DC into a 320,000 square 
foot premier workplace. The property is 47% pre-leased6 
to McDermott Will & Emery, and we signed a letter of 
intent with another industry leading client to lease 
substantially all of the remaining space, 
•	 Further strengthened BXP’s balance sheet by addressing 
debt maturities and sourcing additional liquidity in the 
capital markets, with activities totaling approximately 
$3.2 billion8. Highlights include:
	– Established an unsecured commercial paper program 
to issue up to $500 million with varying maturities of up 
to one year
	– Completed an $850 million bond offering of 5.75% 
unsecured senior notes due in 2035 
The net operating income from our Total Property Portfolio 
grew year-over-year by approximately 2.1%10 in 2024. Despite 
these strong operational accomplishments our diluted Funds 
From Operations (FFO)9 per share declined by approximately 
2% year-over-year due primarily to higher interest rates and 
financing costs. 
These accomplishments demonstrate the resilience of our 
business strategy that focuses on premier quality assets, 
scale, market diversification, growth through acquisition and 
development, and a strong balance sheet providing access 
to public and private capital markets.
BXP conducts its business in broadly two markets— 
the property market and the capital market—both of which 
are impacted by financial market conditions and macro 
economic trends. We are uniquely positioned to weather 
fluctuations and take advantage of improvements in both 
markets, as shown through our execution in 2024. On a 
positive note, 2024 demonstrated lower short-term interest 
rates, increased leasing activity, improved office attendance, 
and better access to debt financing pointing to a recovery for 
our sector. New office investments are beginning to be made, 
and valuations of well-leased premier workplace properties 
remain strong. As we look to 2025, we expect increasing 
tailwinds to contribute to our success.
Property Market
The recent macro economic climate impacted the property 
market primarily through leasing activity, remote work 
policies, and building quality preferences. 
Overall leasing activity is historically tied to corporate 
earnings growth and resultant job creation. In 2024, 
improvements in corporate earnings growth—S&P 500 
earnings growth was 9% year-over-year—translated into 
dramatically improved leasing activity, with BXP’s total 
leasing volume increasing 35% over 2023. As business 
leaders become more confident in the economy and in  
their prospects, they are making long-term investments in 
high-quality spaces. Our weighted-average lease term for  
the 5.6 million square feet1,2 of leases signed in 2024 was  
9.8 years1,3,4, underscoring the increasing conviction of 
business leaders.
2024 marked a turning point in return-to-office behavior,  
with business leaders increasingly announcing and enforcing 
more stringent in-person work requirements. Remote 
work is viewed as a negotiable benefit by both employers 
and employees, with employer preference weighted more 
strongly towards in-person work. Business leaders cite 
diminished collaboration, innovation, and productivity, as 
well as inadequate supervision, training, and mentorship 
for junior employees as primary reasons for their in-office 
requirements. While the impacts of remote work remain 
uneven across geographies, industries, and job functions, 
there is clear momentum from our clients in prioritizing  
in-person interaction as key to business success. 

4
BXP, Inc.
Increased in-office requirements have been accompanied 
by a desire to make the workplace as appealing as possible 
for employees. There is a demonstrated flight to quality 
throughout our markets, with a clear client preference 
for high quality, well located, and highly amenitized 
properties. Premier workplaces, defined by these attributes, 
continue to outperform the broader office market, both 
in decreased availability and a more than 50% rent premium. 
BXP is uniquely positioned to take advantage of this flight 
to quality, as premier workplaces comprise the vast majority 
of our portfolio. 
Over the past several years, as BXP’s experience and 
performance diverged from the larger market and media 
sentiment, we engaged with a research partner, CBRE 
Econometric Advisors, to validate our experience that 
premier workplaces outperformed the broader office 
market consistently and often substantially. Premier 
workplaces represent less than 7% of all buildings, and 
less than 15% of the overall market is considered premier. 
The research confirmed both the primary characteristics of 
properties categorized as premier—building age and quality, 
commutable and dynamic location, high quality and ample 
amenities—as well as the rent premiums—averaging more 
than 50% higher—and leasing success—8.7 million square 
feet of positive absorption versus 15.6 million square feet 
of negative absorption for the overall office market for 
the last three years. Though overall demand declined, the 
market share for premier workplaces grew.
Since our founding, BXP has focused on a strategy of 
developing, owning, and managing “the best buildings in 
the best locations.” Our carefully curated and consistently 
refreshed portfolio of premier workplaces in vibrant, 
accessible, and high demand locations positions us well 
to meet current client demand. In select cases where 
demand has outstripped supply and rents have elevated 
to justify new construction, this preference has created 
development opportunities.
Capital Markets
Capital market conditions impact BXP’s cost of, and 
access to, debt capital, as well as our ability to execute 
acquisitions and dispositions. 
While the Federal Reserve executed two rate cuts in 2024, 
inflation remains elevated above the Federal Reserve’s 
2% target and job creation remains robust, resulting in the 
Federal Reserve adopting a more cautious “wait and see” 
approach to further actions in 2025. The reduction in short-
term interest rates remains positive for BXP and for our 
clients’ cost of capital. Long-term interest rates have risen, 
however, and uncertainty remains about the timing and scale 
of near-term actions by the Federal Reserve.
PREMIER ASSETS OUTPERFORM
THE BROADER MARKET
  Non-Premier
  Premier
Average Direct Vacancy Rate for Five Selected 
CBD Markets (%)1
Direct Vacancy Rate (Exluding Sublease Availability)
20.00
18.8%
13.2%
18.00
16.00
14.00
12.00
10.00
8.00
6.00
4.00
2.00
0.00
Q1 2018
Q2 2018
Q3 2018
Q4 2018
Q1 2019
Q2 2019
Q3 2019
Q4 2019
Q1 2020
Q2 2020
Q3 2020
Q4 2020
Q1 2021
Q2 2021
Q3 2021
Q4 2021
Q1 2022
Q2 2022
Q3 2022
Q4 2022
Q1 2023
Q2 2023
Q3 2023
Q4 2023
Q1 2024
Q2 2024
Q3 2024
Q4 2024
  Non-Premier
  Premier
Average Asking Rent for Five Selected 
CBD Markets1
110.00
$94.59
$62.74
Q1 2018
Q2 2018
Q3 2018
Q4 2018
Q1 2019
Q2 2019
Q3 2019
Q4 2019
Q1 2020
Q2 2020
Q3 2020
Q4 2020
Q1 2021
Q2 2021
Q3 2021
Q4 2021
Q1 2022
Q2 2022
Q3 2022
Q4 2022
Q1 2023
Q2 2023
Q3 2023
Q4 2023
Q1 2024
Q2 2024
Q3 2024
Q4 2024
100.00
90.00
80.00
70.00
60.00
50.00
Average 
Asking Rents 
are 51% Higher 
for Premier
1.	 Five selected CBD markets include: Boston, Manhattan, San Francisco, 
Seattle, and Washington, D.C.
Source: CBRE Econometrics Advisors (EA) Q4 2024

DC / 2100 Pennsylvania Avenue
SEA / Madison Centre
SF / Salesforce Tower
2024 Annual Report
5

6
BXP, Inc.
INDUSTRY DIVERSIFICATION1
	 20%	
 	Technology & Media
	 19%	
 	Legal Services
	 17%	
 	Financial Services, other
	
9%	
 	Life Sciences
	
7%	
 	Real Estate & Insurance
	
7%	
  	Other Professional 
Services
	
7%	
 	Retail
	
6%	
  	Commercial & 
Investment Banking
	
4%	
 	Manufacturing
	
2%	
  	Government/
Public Administration
	
2%	
 	Other
1.	 Represents industry diversification percentages based on 
BXP’s Share of Annualized Rental Obligations. Refer to page 54 of 
our Annual Report on Form 10-K for the definition of Annualized 
Rental Obligations.
BXP’S SHARE OF NET OPERATING INCOME (NOI)1
	38.3%	
 	Boston
	24.2%	
 	New York
	16.7%	
 	San Francisco
	15.2%	
 	Washington, DC
	3.5%	
 	Los Angeles
	 2.1%	   	Seattle
1.	 Excluding termination income. Refer to Disclosures Relating 
to Non-GAAP Financial Measures on the pages immediately following 
the Form 10-K.
For the past several years, we have focused on strengthening 
our balance sheet as a key competitive advantage and an 
opportunity to pursue strategic growth. We maintain ready 
access to capital in both the public and private markets 
and typically fund the majority of our activities through 
the unsecured debt market, which has remained open and 
attractive to us. In 2024, we established a $500 million 
unsecured commercial paper program to take advantage of 
improvements in short-term rates. We raised $850 million 
of public unsecured debt, where our spreads are currently 
consistent with our long-term averages. In the broader 
market, spreads continue to be attractive, particularly for 
long-duration fixed rate, as well as call-protected bonds. 
Liquidity for high-quality office transactions is back for the 
Commercial Mortgage-Backed Security (CMBS) market, 
with several deals completed before year end and multiple 
other office transactions expected to come to market early 
in the year.
In addition, a loan default by a third-party owner on a 
vacant property created a discounted acquisition 
opportunity for us in our Washington, DC region. BXP 
completed the acquisition of the well-located property at 
725 12th Street in Washington, DC, secured a long-term 
lease commitment for approximately 152,000 square feet 
(representing ~47%6 of the redeveloped building), and 
commenced the redevelopment of the new 320,000 square 
foot premier workplace, with a projected initial cash yield 
of more than 8%. 
Throughout 2024, we further strengthened our balance 
sheet by addressing debt maturities and used our access to 
a variety of capital sources to further strengthen our liquidity 
in preparation to pursue growth opportunities consistent 
with our longstanding corporate strategy. 
Strategy
We remain committed to BXP’s strategy, which has driven 
superior investment returns for our shareholders through 
our more than 25-year history as a public company. The key 
tenets of our business strategy are to:
•	 continue to embrace our leadership position in the 
premier workplace segment and leverage our strength in 
portfolio quality, client relationships, development skills, 
market penetration, and sustainability to profitably build 
market share,
•	 maintain a keen focus on select gateway markets that have 
scale, deep pools of professional talent, and exhibit the 
strongest investment characteristics over time—Boston, 
Los Angeles, New York, San Francisco, Seattle, and 
Washington, DC. These markets are also most likely to see 
benefits in job creation and enhancement versus reduction 
from advancements in Artificial Intelligence (AI), 

NY / 601 Lexington Avenue
BOS / Rendering of 200 Club at 200 Clarendon Street
LA / Colorado Center
DC / Reston Town Center
2024 Annual Report
7

8
BXP, Inc.
•	 invest in the highest quality buildings (premier workplaces) 
with unique amenities and desirable locations that can 
maintain high occupancy rates and achieve premium 
rental rates through economic cycles,
•	 maintain scale and a full-service real estate capability 
(leasing, development, construction, marketing, legal, and 
property management) in our markets to ensure we (1) see 
all relevant investment deal flow, (2) maintain an ability to 
execute on all types of real estate opportunities, such as 
acquisitions, dispositions, repositioning, and development 
throughout the real estate investment cycle, (3) provide 
superior service to our clients, and (4) develop and manage 
our properties in the most sustainable manner possible,
•	 pursue attractive asset class adjacencies where we 
have a track record of success, such as life sciences and 
residential development,
•	 maintain a leadership position in sustainability innovation 
to minimize emissions from BXP’s development and in-
service portfolio, as well as to provide clients sustainable 
solutions for their space use needs,
•	 ensure a strong balance sheet to maintain consistent 
access to capital and the resultant ability to make new 
investments at opportune points in time, and
•	 foster a culture and reputation of integrity, excellence, 
belonging, and purposefulness, making us the employer 
of choice for talented real estate professionals, the 
workplace provider and developer of choice for selective 
clients, and the counterparty of choice for real estate 
industry participants.
As we look forward in 2025, we are confident in BXP’s 
prospects and enthusiastic about our growth potential. 
With the primary market factors mostly acting as tailwinds 
to BXP’s performance, and with consistent execution of 
our strategy and leverage of our competitive advantages, 
we are optimistic that 2025 will prove fruitful. We expect 
to continue to improve our market share due to both our 
consistent commitment to our sector and clients, continued 
competitor dislocation in the office segment, and tightened 
supply in key markets. 
Looking Ahead 
BXP’s overarching goal is to leverage our competitive 
strengths to grow diluted FFO per share over time 
through leasing, development, new investments, and 
actionable adjacencies. 
Leasing & Occupancy
Maintaining and eventually growing occupancy will be a key 
focus as a core strategy to build FFO. Growing our occupancy 
from approximately 88% today to 93%, our historically 
stabilized level, would result in substantial increases in 
diluted FFO per share. Throughout 2023 and 2024, we 
executed several renewals that meaningfully reduced our 
2026 and 2027 expirations, ending 2024 with approximately 
four million square feet (approximately 9% of our total 
portfolio) expiring in 2026 and 2027. Our operating prowess, 
emphasis on client service and relationships, growing market 
share, and portfolio of premier workplaces make BXP well 
positioned to secure an outsized portion of increased leasing 
activity as the economy and market conditions improve. 
Balance Sheet Strength & 
New Investment Capacity
During 2024, we further strengthened our balance sheet by 
addressing debt maturities and sourcing additional liquidity 
in the capital markets. We were active in the debt market. 
Specifically, we:
•	 established a $500 million unsecured commercial 
paper program,
•	 issued an aggregate of $850 million in unsecured 
senior notes,
•	 closed on the sale of a 45% interest in 290 Binney 
Street in Cambridge, Massachusetts to Norges Bank 
Investment Management (NBIM), which will reduce BXP’s 
share of the project’s total estimated development spend 
over time by approximately $533.5 million, and
•	 extended maturity dates on $1.6 billion8 of debt.
We maintain strong investment grade ratings, the highest in 
the office sector, with Standard & Poor’s rating of BBB and 
Moody’s rating of Baa2. 
As demonstrated by our recent acquisition in Washington, 
DC, there are and will be significant investment opportunities 
generated from both lenders and owners of property. 
We expect to take advantage of these opportunities at 
attractive pricing as we have done in prior periods of 
market dislocation.

SF / 535 Mission Street
NY / Savoy Club at 767 Fifth Avenue
BOS / 200 Clarendon Street (left) and the Prudential Center (right)
SF / The Mosaic at Embarcadero Center
2024 Annual Report
9

10
BXP, Inc.
Development 
Development and asset repositioning continue to be 
important contributors to our strategy of long-term growth 
and value creation for shareholders. During 2024, we fully 
placed in-service five developments with an aggregate 
investment of $485 million7. These deliveries added 
$0.10 to our diluted FFO per share in 2024. Notable 
projects include:
•	 300 Binney Street, an approximately 240,000 square 
foot laboratory/life sciences project in Cambridge, 
Massachusetts, in which BXP has a 55% interest. This 
project is 100% leased to the Broad Institute,
•	 760 Boylston Street, an approximately 118,000 square foot 
retail redevelopment at the Prudential Center in Boston, 
Massachusetts. This project is 100% leased to Dick’s 
House of Sport, and
•	 Skymark Reston, a 508-unit residential tower in the 
next phase of Reston Town Center, in Reston, Virginia, 
in which BXP has a 20% interest. The lease up of this 
project outperformed expectations, with over 50%6 
of the units leased within six months of opening.
Additionally, we commenced development of two projects 
with a total estimated investment of $947 million7. These 
developments consist of:
•	 725 12th Street, an approximately 320,000 square foot 
premier workplace redevelopment in Washington, DC. 
The property is 47% pre-leased6, and
•	 121 Broadway, a 439-unit residential tower in Kendall 
Square, Cambridge, Massachusetts. 
Execution of our development pipeline, which totals 
approximately 2.3 million square feet1 over seven properties 
and $2.1 billion7,11 in projected investment will be an 
ongoing focus. 290 Binney, an approximately 573,000 
square foot laboratory/life sciences project in Cambridge, 
Massachusetts that is 100% pre-leased to AstraZeneca will 
be delivered in 2026 and contribute to the growth of our FFO. 
In addition, we expect to take action on several residential 
opportunities early in 2025 and will continue to pursue 
opportunities to add to our development pipeline. 
In 2024, we commenced construction of the Grand Central 
Madison concourse access, the first phase of our future 
965,000 square foot premier workplace located at 
343 Madison Avenue in Midtown Manhattan. 343 Madison 
Avenue is the only fully entitled, ready-to-commence 
workplace development located in the core of Midtown, and 
we anticipate to begin vertical construction in 2025.
NY / Rendering of 343 Madison Avenue
343 MADISON AVENUE
46 floors and ~965,000 square feet
Up to 27,000 square feet terrace-like 
floor plates with unfettered views
Located in Core Midtown 
Manhattan submarket
Situated atop Grand Central Terminal
The only fully entitled, ready to 
commence workplace development in 
New York City
Designed to be an all-electric mechanical 
system with air source heat pumps for 
heating and cooling

2024 Annual Report
11
DC / Rendering of 725 12th Street
BOS / 760 Boylston Street
BOS / Rendering of 300 Binney Street

12
BXP, Inc.
Residential
BXP has a demonstrated track record of successfully 
developing best-in-class residential assets. We have 
developed more than 2,900 units since 2011 and currently 
have an operating portfolio of more than 2,200 units, 
including 508 units delivered in mid-2024. In addition, BXP 
has a pipeline of entitled residential sites for the development 
of an additional ~3,000 units that we hope to develop in the 
coming years, as well as control of land in several highly 
desirable submarkets that could lead to additional residential 
pipeline. Throughout 2024, we pursued entitlements and 
advanced design efforts on several sites in our markets, 
some of which we expect to add to our development 
pipeline in 2025. Our most recent residential development 
in Reston Town Center, Skymark, is a joint venture with a 
major institutional investor. We have a growing set of private 
capital partners interested in participating in both the existing 
pipeline and new opportunities and we expect to finalize joint 
venture equity capital on several opportunities early in 2025. 
BXP has a dedicated residential team focused on overseeing 
the asset management of our existing portfolio, entitling, 
and developing new residential projects, as well as sourcing 
new opportunities to further expand our residential platform. 
Unlike our premier workplace and life sciences sectors, 
we outsource leasing and property management services 
for our residential portfolio, develop primarily with joint 
venture partners, and opportunistically sell assets upon their 
completion to maximize our return on residential investments. 
DC / Skymark at Reston Town Center
David Madison Photography
DC / The Signature at Reston Town Center
BOS / Rendering of 121 Broadway

13
Sustainability & Impact12
BXP’s sustainability strategy is to conduct our business, the 
development, ownership, and operation of new and existing 
buildings, in a manner that contributes to positive outcomes 
for our clients and shareholders. Our investment philosophy 
is shaped by our core strategy of long-term ownership and 
we are focused on developing and maintaining healthy, 
high-performance buildings, while simultaneously mitigating 
operational costs and the potential external impacts of 
energy, water, waste, greenhouse gas emissions (GHG), and 
climate change. Through our efforts, we demonstrate that 
operating and developing commercial real estate can be 
conducted with a conscious regard for the environment while 
mutually benefiting our stakeholders. We have made great 
strides towards achieving our public sustainability goals to: 
•	 reduce Scope 1 and Scope 2 GHG emissions intensity, 
targeting net-zero carbon emissions from operations 
by 2025, 
•	 reduce energy use intensity by 32% by 2025, 
•	 reduce Scope 1 and Scope 2 GHG emissions 
intensity 39% by 2024, 
•	 reduce Scope 3 - Capital Goods GHG emissions 
intensity 14% by 2025,
•	 reduce water use intensity by 30% by 2025, 
•	 increase building certification coverage, including 
ENERGY STAR, LEED, and Fitwel to 87% by 2025, and
•	 increase waste diversion rate to 60% by 2025.
BXP continues to be recognized as an industry leader in 
sustainability. Our recent accomplishments include:
•	 awarded Nareit’s 2024 Leader in the Light Award in the 
office property sector, the highest achievement for Office 
REITs and an acknowledgement of BXP’s leadership in 
outstanding sustainability practices,
•	 received Nareit’s 2024 Sustainable Design Impact 
Award for 140 Kendrick Street-Building A in Needham, 
Massachusetts—the first net-zero, carbon-neutral office 
repositioning of its scale in Massachusetts, and 
•	 hosted our third annual Sustainability and Impact 
Dedicated Webcast.
Sustainability remains at the foundation and core of our 
work, and our experience demonstrates that through our 
activities as real estate owners, developers, and managers, 
we can improve our financial performance and become a 
more purposeful organization in the process.
BXP continues to be recognized as an industry leader in 
Sustainability. Our recent accomplishments include: 
•	 ranked among the top real estate companies in the GRESB 
assessment, earning a 12th consecutive “Green Star” 
recognition and the highest 5-Star rating, 
•	 named to the Dow Jones Sustainability Index (DJSI) North 
America for the second consecutive year, one of eight real 
estate companies that qualified and the only office REIT in 
the index, 
•	 named an ENERGY STAR Partner of the Year—Sustained 
Excellence Award for the third consecutive year, and 
•	 hosted our second annual Sustainability and Impact 
Dedicated Webcast. Sustainability remains at the 
foundation and core of our work, and our experience 
stewards of the environment while improving our financial 
performance and becoming a more purposeful organization 
in the process.
PUBLIC SUSTAINABILITY GOALS
1.	 Market-based emissions intensity.
2.	 Represents Scope 1 and Scope 2 emissions from BXP operations.
3.	 There is no base year for the 2025 Carbon-Neutral Operations Goal, 
as this goal represents carbon-neutrality in a given year, therefore, 
the completion rate is based on the year-over-year reduction for 
this metric only.
4.	 Reduction since 2008 on an intensity basis.
Landfill Waste Diverted
58%
Complete4
Building Certification Increase
100%
Complete
Water Use Reduction
100%
Complete4
Carbon-Neutral Operations
28%
Complete1,2,3
SCOPE 3
Capital Goods GHG Reduction
100%
Complete
SCOPE 1 AND SCOPE 2 
GHG Reduction
100%
Complete1,2
Energy Use Reduction
100%
Complete4

14
BXP, Inc.
Owen D. Thomas
Chairman & Chief Executive Officer
Douglas T. Linde
President
BXP
Throughout 2024, BXP demonstrated strong performance, 
taking advantage of improvements in the property and 
capital markets and reinforcing our trusted and resilient 
strategy and operational excellence. With strong leasing 
activity driven by improved corporate earnings growth, 
a demonstrated flight to quality, positive return to office 
momentum, and improving capital market conditions, 
we believe BXP will continue to demonstrate strong 
performance in 2025. Our premier workplace market 
position, our trusted reputation and extensive client 
relationships, our strong balance sheet, our significant 
development pipeline in progress, and our demonstrable 
ability to both identify and act upon additional investment 
opportunities are all components of our value proposition to 
our stakeholders and provide a solid foundation for growth.
At BXP we are fortunate to have a stable, talented, and 
dedicated team of professionals. We take great pride in the 
quality of our work, the clients we serve, the communities 
we support, the properties we nurture, and the trust we 
develop with investors and industry professionals. Many of 
our professionals are recognized leaders in the real estate 
industry and their local communities, and many of our 
activities have earned industry accolades. We are deeply 
appreciative of our team’s expertise, enthusiasm, and 
commitment; without which we could not accomplish all 
that we do. 
Carol Einiger has decided not to stand for re-election to the 
BXP Board after 21 years of service. BXP’s directors and 
management team extend their sincere gratitude to Carol for 
her tireless efforts on behalf of BXP’s shareholders, having 
served over time on each of the Audit, Compensation, and 
NCG Committees and chaired the Compensation Committee. 
Carol demonstrated the highest ethical standards and sound 
judgment in performing her duties and leaves us with an 
imprint of excellence and performance that will continue to 
guide BXP’s approach in the years ahead.
We would like to thank our colleagues at BXP, as well as 
our Board of Directors, for all their contributions in 2024, 
and importantly, we would also like to thank you, our 
shareholders, for your continued trust and support.
1.	
Includes 100% of consolidated and unconsolidated properties.
2.	
Represents signed leases for which revenue recognition has commenced in accordance with GAAP and signed leases for vacant space with future 
commencement dates. Excludes hotel and residential properties.
3.	
Excludes hotel and residential properties. 
4.	
Calculation is based on lease term and square footage.
5.	
Calculation is based on BXP’s Share of Annualized Rental Obligations. Refer to page 54 of our Annual Report on Form 10-K for the definition 
of Annualized Rental Obligations.
6.	
Represents percentage leased as of February 21, 2025, including leases with future commencement dates.
7.	
Represents BXP’s Share of Estimated Total Investment, including income (loss) and interest carry during development.
8.	
Represents BXP’s Share. 
9.	
Refer to pages 90 to 96 of our Annual Report on Form 10-K for information relating to the calculation of FFO.
10.	 Refer to page 63 of our Annual Report on Form 10-K for information relating to the calculation of Total Property Portfolio net operating income.
11.	 On March 21, 2024, the Company entered into a joint venture with NBIM. The project budget reflects the Company’s 55% share of joint venture costs 
related to 290 Binney Street. The Company has the sole obligation to construct an underground electrical vault for an estimated gross cost of 
$183.9 million. Upon completion, the Company has entered into a contract to sell the electrical vault to a third party for a fixed price of $84.1 million. 
The net investment of $99.8 million will be included in the Company’s outside basis in 290 Binney Street. The Company has invested $71.9 million 
for the vault as of December 31, 2024.
12.	 All goals and metrics represent BXP’s actively managed office portfolio as of December 31, 2023. Data as of December 31, 2024 will be published 
in BXP’s annual Sustainability & Impact Report in April 2025.

SF / Salesforce Tower (center) and Embarcadero Center (right)
NY / 767 Fifth Avenue
BOS / The Hub on Causeway
LA / Colorado Center
15
DC / Reston Town Center

OFFICERS
Executive Officers
Owen D. Thomas
Chairman of the board and 
Chief Executive Officer 
Douglas T. Linde
President 
Raymond A. Ritchey
Senior Executive Vice President 
Michael E. LaBelle
Executive Vice President,  
Chief Financial Officer  
& Treasurer 
Rodney C. Diehl 
Executive Vice President,  
West Coast Regions
Bryan J. Koop
Executive Vice President, 
Boston Region 
Peter V. Otteni
Executive Vice President,  
Co-Head of the Washington, DC 
Region 
Hilary Spann
Executive Vice President,  
New York Region 
J. Jake Stroman
Executive Vice President,  
Co-Head of the Washington, DC 
Region
Donna D. Garesché
Executive Vice President and 
Chief Human Resources Officer
Senior Officers
Peter G. Back
Senior Vice President 
Construction
San Francisco, CA 
Karen Baker
Senior Vice President 
Property Management
New York, NY
Robert Barrasso
Senior Vice President 
Total Rewards
John K. Brandbergh
Senior Vice President 
Leasing
New York, NY
Gregory Clancy
Senior Vice President 
Construction
New York, NY
Steven R. Colvin
Senior Vice President 
Property Management
San Francisco, CA 
Frederick J. DeAngelis
Senior Vice President & 
Senior Counsel
Boston, MA 
Richard H. Ellis
Senior Vice President 
Residential 
Washington, DC 
Aaron N. Fenton
Senior Vice President 
Development  
San Francisco, CA 
Amy C. Gindel
Senior Vice President  
Finance & Planning 
Thomas L. Hill
Senior Vice President  
Property Management 
New York, NY 
Karen D. Holdridge
Senior Vice President  
Regional General Counsel 
New York, NY 
Colin Joynt
Senior Vice President &  
Chief Information Officer
Heather Kahn
Senior Vice President  
Leasing  
New York, NY
Eric G. Kevorkian
Senior Vice President,  
Chief Legal Officer &  
Secretary 
Andrew D. Levin
Senior Vice President  
Leasing 
New York, NY 
Jeffrey Lowenberg
Senior Vice President 
Development 
Boston, MA
James J. Magaldi
Senior Vice President  
Finance & Capital Markets 
Yuchong C. McDonough
Senior Vice President  
Regional General Counsel 
Washington, DC
William T. McGrath
Senior Vice President 
Finance
Laura D. McNulty 
Senior Vice President  
Property Management 
Washington, DC 
David E. Miller
Senior Vice President 
Construction 
Washington, DC 
Richard T. Monopoli
Senior Vice President 
Development 
New York, NY 
Patrick M. Mulvihill
Senior Vice President  
Leasing 
Boston, MA 
Ben Myers
Senior Vice President 
Sustainability
David C. Provost
Senior Vice President 
Development 
Boston, MA 
Jonathan S. Randall
Senior Vice President 
Construction 
Boston, MA 
Peter V. See
Senior Vice President  
Property Management 
Boston, MA 
Laura M. Sesody
Senior Vice President  
Corporate Marketing & 
Communications
Madeleine C. Timin
Senior Vice President  
Regional General Counsel 
Boston, MA 
Michael R. Walsh
Senior Vice President &  
Chief Accounting Officer 
James J. Whalen, Jr.
Senior Vice President  
& Chief Technology Officer 
Michelle Yip
Senior Vice President  
Regional General Counsel 
San Francisco, CA
Christine Yuen
Senior Vice President  
Leasing 
San Francisco, CA
Owen D. Thomas
Chairman of the Board and 
Chief Executive Officer
Joel I. Klein
Lead Independent Director 
and Chair of Compensation 
Committee
Carol B. Einiger
Director
Douglas T. Linde 
President and Director
Bruce W. Duncan
Director and Chair of Audit 
Committee
Diane J. Hoskins
Director and Chair of 
Sustainability Committee
Mary E. Kipp
Director
Timothy J. Naughton
Director
Tony West
Director
Matthew J. Lustig
Director and Chair of 
Nominating and Corporate 
Governance Committee
William H. Walton III
Director
BOARD OF DIRECTORS
16
BXP, Inc.

2024
Form 10-K

 
UNITED STATES
SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION
Washington, D.C. 20549
FORM 10-K
☒
ANNUAL REPORT PURSUANT TO SECTION 13 OR 15(d) OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934
For the fiscal year ended December 31, 2024
OR
☐
TRANSITION REPORT PURSUANT TO SECTION 13 OR 15(d) OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934
For the transition period from             to             
Commission File Number: 1-13087 (BXP, Inc.)
Commission File Number: 0-50209 (Boston Properties Limited Partnership)
BXP, INC. 
BOSTON PROPERTIES LIMITED PARTNERSHIP 
(Exact name of Registrants as specified in its charter)
BXP, Inc.
Delaware
04-2473675
(State or other jurisdiction of incorporation or organization)
(I.R.S. Employer Identification Number)
Boston Properties Limited Partnership
Delaware
04-3372948
(State or other jurisdiction of incorporation or organization)
(I.R.S. Employer Identification Number)
Prudential Center, 800 Boylston Street, Suite 1900, Boston, Massachusetts 02199-8103 
(Address of principal executive offices) (Zip Code)
(617) 236-3300 
(Registrants’ telephone number, including area code)
Securities registered pursuant to Section 12(b) of the Act:
Registrant
Title of each class
Trading Symbol(s)
Name of each 
exchange on which registered
BXP, Inc.
Common Stock, par value $.01 
per share
BXP
New York Stock Exchange
Securities registered pursuant to Section 12(g) of the Act:
Registrant
Title of each class
Boston Properties Limited Partnership
Units of Limited Partnership
Indicate by check mark if the registrant is a well-known seasoned issuer, as defined in Rule 405 of the Securities Act.    
BXP, Inc.: 
Yes  ☒    No  ☐ 
 
Boston Properties Limited Partnership: 
Yes  ☒    No  ☐ 
 
 
Indicate by check mark if the registrant is not required to file reports pursuant to Section 13 or Section 15(d) of the Act.    
BXP, Inc.: 
Yes  ☐     No  ☒  
Boston Properties Limited Partnership: 
Yes  ☐     No  ☒

Indicate by check mark whether the registrant (1) has filed all reports required to be filed by Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities 
Exchange Act of 1934 during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to file such reports), and 
(2) has been subject to such filing requirements for the past 90 days.    
BXP, Inc.: 
Yes  ☒    No  ☐ 
 
Boston Properties Limited Partnership: 
Yes  ☒    No  ☐ 
 
Indicate by check mark whether the registrant has submitted electronically every Interactive Data File required to be submitted pursuant 
to Rule 405 of Regulation S-T (§232.405 of this chapter) during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant was 
required to submit such files).
BXP, Inc.: 
Yes  ☒    No  ☐ 
 
Boston Properties Limited Partnership: 
Yes  ☒    No  ☐ 
Indicate by check mark whether the registrant is a large accelerated filer, an accelerated filer, a non-accelerated filer, a smaller reporting 
company or an emerging growth company. See the definitions of “large accelerated filer,” “accelerated filer,” “smaller reporting company,” 
and “emerging growth company” in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act.
BXP, Inc.: 
                
Large Accelerated Filer  ☒      
Accelerated Filer  ☐     
Non-accelerated Filer  ☐      
Smaller Reporting Company  ☐ 
Emerging Growth Company  ☐ 
Boston Properties Limited Partnership:    
Large Accelerated Filer  ☐      
Accelerated Filer  ☐      
Non-accelerated Filer  ☒        
Smaller Reporting Company  ☐      
Emerging Growth Company  ☐ 
If an emerging growth company, indicate by check mark if the registrant has elected not to use the extended transition period for 
complying with any new or revised financial accounting standards pursuant to Section 13(a) of the Exchange Act.
BXP, Inc. ☐       Boston Properties Limited Partnership ☐ 
Indicate by check mark whether the registrant has filed a report on and attestation to its management’s assessment of the effectiveness 
of its internal control over financial reporting under Section 404(b) of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act (15 U.S.C. 7262(b)) by the registered public 
accounting firm that prepared or issued its audit report.
BXP, Inc. ☒      Boston Properties Limited Partnership ☒
If securities are registered pursuant to Section 12(b) of the Act, indicate by check mark whether the financial statements
of the registrant included in the filing reflect the correction of an error to previously issued financial statements.
BXP, Inc. ☐       Boston Properties Limited Partnership ☐ 
Indicate by check mark whether any of those error corrections are restatements that required a recovery analysis of incentive-based 
compensation received by any of the registrant’s executive officers during the relevant recovery period pursuant to §240.10D-1(b). 
BXP, Inc. ☐       Boston Properties Limited Partnership ☐ 
Indicate by check mark whether the registrant is a shell company (as defined in Rule 12b-2 of the Act).    
BXP, Inc.: 
Yes  ☐   No  ☒ 
 
Boston Properties Limited Partnership: 
Yes  ☐    No  ☒
As of June 30, 2024, the aggregate market value of the 156,749,318 shares of Common Stock held by non-affiliates of BXP, Inc. was 
$9,649,488,016 based upon the last reported sale price of $61.56 per share on the New York Stock Exchange on June 28, 2024. (For this 
computation, BXP, Inc. has excluded the market value of all shares of Common Stock reported as beneficially owned by executive officers 
and directors of BXP, Inc.; such exclusion shall not be deemed to constitute an admission that any such person is an affiliate of BXP, Inc.).
As of February 21, 2025, there were 158,209,602 shares of Common Stock of BXP, Inc. outstanding.
Because no established market for common units of limited partnership of Boston Properties Limited Partnership exists, there is no 
market value for such units.
Certain information contained in BXP, Inc.’s Proxy Statement relating to its Annual Meeting of Stockholders to be held May 20, 2025 is 
incorporated by reference in Items 10, 11, 12, 13 and 14 of Part III. BXP, Inc. intends to file such Proxy Statement with the Securities and 
Exchange Commission not later than 120 days after the end of its fiscal year ended December 31, 2024. 
  

EXPLANATORY NOTE
This report combines the Annual Reports on Form 10-K for the fiscal year ended December 31, 2024 of BXP, 
Inc. and Boston Properties Limited Partnership.  Unless stated otherwise or the context otherwise requires, 
references to “BXP” mean BXP, Inc. (formerly known as Boston Properties, Inc.), a Delaware corporation and real 
estate investment trust (“REIT”), and references to “BPLP” and the “Operating Partnership” mean Boston Properties 
Limited Partnership, a Delaware limited partnership.  Effective July 1, 2024, BXP amended its certificate of 
incorporation to change its name from Boston Properties, Inc. to BXP, Inc.  BPLP is the entity through which BXP 
conducts substantially all of its business and owns, either directly or through subsidiaries, substantially all of its 
assets.  BXP is the sole general partner and also a limited partner of BPLP.  As the sole general partner of BPLP, 
BXP has exclusive control of BPLP’s day-to-day management.  Therefore, unless stated otherwise or the context 
requires, references to the “Company,” “we,” “us” and “our” refer collectively to BXP, BPLP and those subsidiaries 
consolidated by BXP. 
As of December 31, 2024, BXP owned an approximate 89.7% ownership interest in BPLP.  The remaining 
approximate 10.3% interest was owned by limited partners.  The other limited partners of BPLP (1) contributed their 
direct or indirect interests in properties to BPLP in exchange for common units of limited partnership interest in 
BPLP or (2) received long-term incentive plan units of BPLP pursuant to BXP’s stock option and incentive plan, or 
both.  Under the limited partnership agreement of BPLP, unitholders may present their common units of BPLP for 
redemption at any time (subject to restrictions agreed upon at the time of issuance of the units that may restrict such 
right for a period of time, generally one year from issuance).  Upon presentation of a common unit for redemption, 
BPLP must redeem the unit for cash equal to the then value of a share of BXP’s common stock.  In lieu of a cash 
redemption by BPLP, however, BXP may elect to acquire any common units so tendered by issuing shares of BXP 
common stock in exchange for the common units.  If BXP so elects, its common stock will be exchanged for 
common units on a one-for-one basis.  This one-for-one exchange ratio is subject to specified adjustments to 
prevent dilution.  BXP generally expects that it will elect to issue its common stock in connection with each such 
presentation for redemption rather than having BPLP pay cash.  With each such exchange or redemption, BXP’s 
percentage ownership in BPLP will increase.  In addition, whenever BXP issues shares of its common stock other 
than to acquire common units of BPLP, BXP must contribute any net proceeds it receives to BPLP and BPLP must 
issue to BXP a number of common units of BPLP that equals the number of shares of BXP common stock so 
issued.  This structure is commonly referred to as an umbrella partnership REIT, or UPREIT.
The Company believes that combining the Annual Reports on Form 10-K of BXP and BPLP into this single 
report:
•
enhances investors’ understanding of BXP and BPLP by enabling them to view the business as a whole 
in the same manner as management views and operates the business;
•
eliminates duplicative disclosure and provides a more concise and readable presentation because a 
substantial portion of the disclosure applies to both BXP and BPLP; and
•
creates time and cost efficiencies through the preparation of one combined report instead of two 
separate reports.
The Company believes it is important to understand the few differences between BXP and BPLP in the context 
of how BXP and BPLP operate as a consolidated company.  The financial results of BPLP are consolidated into the 
financial statements of BXP.  BXP does not have any other significant assets, liabilities or operations, other than its 
investment in BPLP, nor does it have employees of its own.  BPLP, not BXP, generally executes all significant 
business relationships other than transactions involving the securities of BXP.  BPLP holds substantially all of the 
assets of BXP, including ownership interests in subsidiaries and joint ventures.  BPLP conducts the operations of 
the business and is structured as a partnership with no publicly traded equity.  Except for the net proceeds from 
equity issuances by BXP, which are contributed to the capital of BPLP in exchange for common or preferred units of 
partnership in BPLP, as applicable, BPLP generates all remaining capital required by the Company’s business.  
These sources include working capital, net cash provided by operating activities, borrowings under its credit 
facilities, the issuance of secured and unsecured debt and equity securities and proceeds received from the 
disposition of certain properties and interests in joint ventures. 
Shareholders’ equity, partners’ capital and noncontrolling interests are the main areas of difference between 
the consolidated financial statements of BXP and BPLP.  The limited partners of BPLP are accounted for as 
partners’ capital in BPLP’s financial statements and as noncontrolling interests in BXP’s financial statements.  The 
noncontrolling interests in BPLP’s financial statements include the interests of unaffiliated partners in various 
  

consolidated partnerships.  The noncontrolling interests in BXP’s financial statements include the same 
noncontrolling interests in BPLP and limited partners of BPLP.  The differences between shareholders’ equity and 
partners’ capital result from differences in the equity issued by each of BXP and BPLP.
In addition, the consolidated financial statements of BXP and BPLP differ in total real estate assets resulting 
from previously applied acquisition accounting by BXP for the issuance of common stock in connection with non-
sponsor redemptions of common units of BPLP.  This accounting resulted in a step-up of the real estate assets of 
BXP at the time of such redemptions, resulting in a difference between the net real estate of BXP as compared to 
BPLP of approximately $236.1 million, or 1.1% at December 31, 2024, and a corresponding difference in 
depreciation expense, impairment losses and gains on sales of real estate upon the sale of these properties having 
an allocation of the real estate step-up.  The acquisition accounting was nullified on a prospective basis beginning in 
2009 as a result of the Company’s adoption of a new accounting standard requiring any subsequent redemptions to 
be accounted for solely as an equity transaction.  
To help investors better understand the key differences between BXP and BPLP, the following items in this 
report present information separately for BXP and BPLP:
•
Item 5.  Market for Registrant’s Common Equity, Related Stockholder Matters and Issuer Purchases 
of Equity Securities;
•
Item 7.  Management’s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations and 
Liquidity and Capital Resources, includes information specific to each entity, where applicable;
•
Item 8.  Financial Statements and Supplementary Data which includes the following specific 
disclosures for BXP and BPLP:
•
Note 2.  Summary of Significant Accounting Policies;
•
Note 3.  Real Estate;
•
Note 11.  Stockholders’ Equity / Partners’ Capital;
•
Note 12.  Segment Information; and
•
Note 13.  Earnings Per Share / Common Unit; and
• 
Item 15.  Financial Statement Schedule—Schedule 3.
This report also includes separate Part II, Item 9A. Controls and Procedures, as well as separate Exhibit 23 
consents of the independent registered public accounting firm and Exhibits 31 and 32 certifications for each of BXP 
and BPLP.

TABLE OF CONTENTS 
ITEM NO.
DESCRIPTION
PAGE NO.
PART I
3
1.
BUSINESS
3
1A.
RISK FACTORS
20
1B.
UNRESOLVED STAFF COMMENTS
40
1C.
CYBERSECURITY
40
2.
PROPERTIES
42
3.
LEGAL PROCEEDINGS
48
4.
MINE SAFETY DISCLOSURES
48
PART II
49
5.
MARKET FOR REGISTRANT’S COMMON EQUITY, RELATED STOCKHOLDER 
MATTERS AND ISSUER PURCHASES OF EQUITY SECURITIES
49
6.
RESERVED
51
7.
MANAGEMENT’S DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS OF FINANCIAL CONDITION AND 
RESULTS OF OPERATIONS
52
7A.
QUANTITATIVE AND QUALITATIVE DISCLOSURES ABOUT MARKET RISK
99
8.
FINANCIAL STATEMENTS AND SUPPLEMENTARY DATA
101
9.
CHANGES IN AND DISAGREEMENTS WITH ACCOUNTANTS ON ACCOUNTING AND 
FINANCIAL DISCLOSURE
177
9A.
CONTROLS AND PROCEDURES
178
9B.
OTHER INFORMATION
178
9C.
DISCLOSURE REGARDING FOREIGN JURISDICTIONS THAT PREVENT 
INSPECTIONS
178
PART III
179
10.
DIRECTORS, EXECUTIVE OFFICERS AND CORPORATE GOVERNANCE
179
11.
EXECUTIVE COMPENSATION
179
12.
SECURITY OWNERSHIP OF CERTAIN BENEFICIAL OWNERS AND MANAGEMENT 
AND RELATED STOCKHOLDER MATTERS
179
13.
CERTAIN RELATIONSHIPS AND RELATED TRANSACTIONS, AND DIRECTOR 
INDEPENDENCE
180
14.
PRINCIPAL ACCOUNTANT FEES AND SERVICES
180
PART IV
181
15.
EXHIBITS AND FINANCIAL STATEMENT SCHEDULES
181
16.
FORM 10-K SUMMARY
195

[This page intentionally left blank] 

Summary of Risk Factors
The risk factors detailed in Item 1A titled “Risk Factors” in this Annual Report on Form 10-K are the risks that 
we believe are material to our investors and a reader should carefully consider them.  Those risks are not all of the 
risks we face and other factors not presently known to us or that we currently believe are immaterial may also affect 
our business if they occur.  The following is a summary of the risk factors detailed in Item 1A:
•
Our performance depends upon the economic conditions, particularly the supply and demand 
characteristics, of our markets—Boston, Los Angeles, New York, San Francisco, Seattle and 
Washington, DC.
•
Market and economic volatility due to adverse economic and political conditions, health crises or 
dislocations in the credit markets could have a material adverse effect on our results of operations, 
financial condition and ability to pay dividends and/or distributions.
•
Our success depends on key personnel whose continued service is not guaranteed.
•
Our performance and value are subject to risks associated with our real estate assets and with the real 
estate industry, including, without limitation:
•
potential difficulties or delays renewing leases or re-leasing space; 
•
potential sustained changes in client preferences and space utilization from full-time, collective in-
person work environments to hybrid or remote work models, which could decrease overall demand 
for workplaces and cause market rental rates and property values to be negatively impacted;
•
potential delays in completion of development and redevelopment projects due to supply chain 
disruptions and labor shortages; and
•
potential increases in costs to maintain, renovate and develop our properties related to inflation.
•
We face potential adverse effects from major clients’ bankruptcies or insolvencies.
•
Our actual costs to develop properties may exceed our budgeted costs.
•
Our use of joint ventures may limit our control over and flexibility with jointly owned investments and 
other assets we may wish to acquire.
•
We face risks associated with the use of debt to fund acquisitions and developments, including 
refinancing risk.
•
Elevated interest rates increase our interest costs on variable rate debt and could adversely impact our 
ability to re-finance existing debt or sell assets on favorable terms or at all. 
•
Covenants in our debt agreements could adversely affect our financial condition.
•
Our degree of leverage could limit our ability to obtain additional financing or affect the market price of 
our equity and debt securities.
•
We face risks associated with security breaches, incidents, and compromises through cyber attacks, 
cyber intrusions or otherwise, as well as other significant disruptions of our information technology (IT) 
networks and related systems.
•
We face risks associated with climate change and severe weather events, as well as the regulatory 
efforts intended to reduce the effects of climate change.
•
Potential liability for environmental contamination could result in substantial costs.
•
Some potential losses are not covered by insurance.
•
Our involvement in legal proceedings and other claims may result in substantial monetary and other 
costs that have a material adverse effect on our results of operations.
1

•
We face risks associated with BXP’s status as a real estate investment trust (REIT), including, without 
limitation:
•
failure to qualify as a REIT would cause BXP to be taxed as a corporation, which would 
substantially reduce funds available for payment of dividends;
•
possible adverse state and local tax audits and changes in state and local tax laws could result in 
increased tax costs that could adversely affect our financial condition and results of operations and 
the amount of cash available for the payment of dividends and distributions to our securityholders; 
and
•
in order to maintain BXP’s REIT status, we may be forced to borrow funds during unfavorable 
market conditions.
This section contains forward-looking statements.  You should refer to the explanation of the qualifications and 
limitations on forward-looking statements beginning on page 52.
2

PART I.
Item 1.  Business
General
BXP, a Delaware corporation, is a fully integrated, self-administered and self-managed REIT, and is one of the 
largest publicly-traded office REITs (based on total market capitalization as of December 31, 2024) in the United 
States that develops, owns and manages primarily premier workplaces.  BXP was formed in 1997 to succeed the 
real estate development, redevelopment, acquisition, management, operating and leasing businesses associated 
with the predecessor company founded by Mortimer B. Zuckerman and Edward H. Linde in 1970.
Our properties are concentrated in six dynamic gateway markets—Boston, Los Angeles, New York, San 
Francisco, Seattle and Washington, DC.  At December 31, 2024, we owned or had joint venture interests in a 
portfolio of 185 commercial real estate properties, aggregating approximately 53.3 million net rentable square feet of 
primarily premier workplaces, including seven properties under construction/redevelopment totaling approximately 
2.3 million net rentable square feet.  As of December 31, 2024, our properties consisted of: 
•
163 office and life sciences properties (including five properties under construction/redevelopment);
•
14 retail properties (including one property under construction);
•
seven residential properties (including one property under construction); and
•
one hotel.
We consider premier workplaces to be well-located buildings that are modern structures or have been 
modernized to compete with newer buildings, are professionally managed and maintained, and offer a number and 
type of amenities that are in high demand by clients that are focused on the importance of the physical work 
environment in recruiting and retaining the best and brightest employees.  As such, these properties attract 
creditworthy clients and command upper-tier rental rates in their markets.  We do not consider the expression 
“premier workplaces” a classification of our properties in accordance with any standard listing criteria in the real 
estate industry.  We therefore caution investors that our use and definition of “premier workplaces” may be different 
than the use and definition of similar expressions and traditional classifications that may be used by other 
companies.
We are a full-service real estate company, with substantial in-house expertise and resources in acquisitions, 
development, financing, capital markets, construction management, property management, marketing, leasing, 
accounting, risk management, tax and legal services.  For this reason, we refer to our tenants as “clients” due to the 
many facets of our continuous engagements with them, which span beyond the usual tenant/landlord relationship.  
Throughout this Annual Report, we use the terms “tenant” and “client” interchangeably.
BXP manages BPLP as its sole general partner.  Our principal executive office and Boston regional office are 
located at The Prudential Center, 800 Boylston Street, Suite 1900, Boston, Massachusetts 02199 and our telephone 
number is (617) 236-3300.  In addition, we have regional offices at 2800 28th Street, Santa Monica, California 
90405, 599 Lexington Avenue, New York, New York 10022, Two Embarcadero Center, San Francisco, California 
94111, 1001 Fourth Avenue, Seattle, Washington 98154 and 2200 Pennsylvania Avenue NW, Washington, DC 
20037.
Our internet address is http://www.bxp.com.  On our website, you can obtain free copies of our Annual Reports 
on Form 10-K, quarterly reports on Form 10-Q, current reports on Form 8-K, including exhibits, and amendments to 
those reports filed or furnished pursuant to Section 13(a) or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as 
amended, as soon as reasonably practicable after we electronically file such material with, or furnish it to, the 
Securities and Exchange Commission, or the SEC.  You may also obtain BXP’s and BPLP’s reports by accessing 
the EDGAR database at the SEC’s website at http://www.sec.gov, or we will furnish an electronic or paper copy of 
these reports free of charge upon written request to: Investor Relations, BXP, Inc., Prudential Center, 800 Boylston 
Street, Suite 1900, Boston, Massachusetts 02199.  “Boston Properties” is a registered trademark, BXP is a 
registered trademark, and the “bxp” logo is a registered trademark, in all cases, owned by BPLP.
Boston Properties Limited Partnership
BPLP is a Delaware limited partnership organized in 1997, and the entity through which BXP conducts 
substantially all of its business and owns, either directly or through subsidiaries, substantially all of its assets.  BXP 
is the sole general partner of BPLP and, as of February 21, 2025, the owner of approximately 89.5% of the 
economic interests in BPLP.  Economic interest was calculated as the number of common partnership units of BPLP 
3

owned by BXP as a percentage of the sum of (1) the actual aggregate number of outstanding common partnership 
units of BPLP and (2) the number of common units issuable upon conversion of all outstanding long term incentive 
plan units of BPLP (“LTIP Units”), for which all performance conditions have been satisfied for such conversion.  We 
exclude from (1) and (2) above other LTIP Units issued in the form of Multi-Year Long-Term Incentive Plan Awards in 
2023 or later (“MYLTIP Awards”), which remain subject to performance conditions.  An LTIP Unit is generally the 
economic equivalent of a share of BXP’s restricted common stock, although LTIP Units issued in the form of 
MYLTIP Awards are only entitled to receive one-tenth (1/10th) of the regular quarterly distributions (and no special 
distributions) prior to being earned.
Transactions During 2024 
Acquisitions
On January 8, 2024, we completed the acquisition of our joint venture partner’s 50% economic ownership 
interest in the joint venture that owns 901 New York Avenue, located in Washington, DC.  At acquisition, the total net 
equity acquired was $20.0 million, which includes $10.0 million in cash that we paid for the joint venture partner's 
50% economic ownership interest in the joint venture.  The property is subject to existing mortgage indebtedness of 
approximately $207.1 million (see “Secured Debt” below).  The acquisition resulted in us recording a gain upon 
consolidation of approximately $21.8 million, which is the difference between the fair value of the previously held 
equity method investment immediately prior to the consolidation of $10.0 million, less our costs basis of 
approximately $(11.8) million.  The gain on consolidation is included within loss from unconsolidated joint ventures 
in the Consolidated Statement of Operations (See Notes 3, 6 and 7 to the Consolidated Financial Statements).  901 
New York Avenue is a premier workplace consisting of approximately 508,000 net rentable square feet.  
On December 27, 2024, we completed the acquisition of 725 12th Street, an approximately 300,000 net 
rentable square foot, 12-story premier workplace located in Washington, DC, for a purchase price, excluding 
transaction costs, of $34.0 million.  The acquisition was completed with available cash.  Following the acquisition, 
we commenced redevelopment of the property.  When completed, 725 12th Street is expected to total 
approximately 320,000 net rentable square feet of office and retail space.  The project is 47% pre-leased as of 
February 21, 2025.
Pending Disposition and Impairment
At March 31, 2024, we evaluated the expected hold period for a portion of our Shady Grove property,  
consisting of 2 Choke Cherry Road, 2094 Gaither Road and a land parcel, located in Rockville, Maryland.  Based on 
a shorter-than-expected hold period, we reduced the carrying value of a portion of the property that we anticipate 
selling to a third-party developer to its estimated fair value at March 31, 2024.  As a result, each of BXP and BPLP 
recognized an impairment loss of approximately $13.6 million during the year ended December 31, 2024.  Our 
estimated fair value was based on Level 3 inputs as defined in Accounting Standards Codification (“ASC”) 820 and 
the terms of a pending offer from a third-party.  
On May 7, 2024, we entered into an agreement with the third-party developer for the sale of 2 Choke Cherry 
Road, 2094 Gaither Road and the land parcel, located in Rockville, Maryland, for an aggregate gross sale price of 
approximately $24.8 million.  On July 22, 2024, we executed an amendment to the agreement for an aggregate 
gross sale price of approximately $24.7 million.  2 Choke Cherry Road and 2094 Gaither Road are two vacant office 
properties aggregating approximately 143,000 net rentable square feet that were taken out of service and held for 
redevelopment.  The disposition is subject to satisfaction of certain closing conditions and there can be no 
assurance that this transaction will be consummated on the terms currently contemplated or at all.
Developments/Redevelopments
As of December 31, 2024, we had seven properties under construction/redevelopment, which we expect will 
total approximately 2.3 million net rentable square feet when completed.  We estimate our share of the aggregate 
total investment to complete these projects is approximately $2.3 billion, of which approximately $1.3 billion 
remained to be invested as of December 31, 2024.  The total development pipeline, including office, laboratory/life 
sciences and retail developments, but excluding our residential development 121 Broadway Street in Cambridge, 
Massachusetts, is 50% pre-leased as of February 21, 2025.  For a detailed list of the properties under construction/
redevelopment see “Liquidity and Capital Resources” within “Item 7—Management’s Discussion and Analysis of 
Financial Condition and Results of Operations.” 
  
4

On February 12, 2024, we commenced the development of a residential project at 121 Broadway Street in 
Cambridge, Massachusetts that is adjacent to our development projects at 290 Binney Street and 300 Binney 
Street.  121 Broadway will consist of 439 residential units aggregating approximately 492,000 net rentable square 
feet.  There can be no assurance that we will complete development of the project on the terms and schedule 
currently contemplated or at all.
On April 5, 2024, we completed and fully placed in-service 760 Boylston Street, an approximately 118,000 net 
rentable square foot retail redevelopment located in Boston, Massachusetts.  
On July 17, 2024, we partially placed in-service Reston Next Office Phase II, an approximately 90,000 net 
rentable square foot development project comprised of office and retail space located in Reston, Virginia.  
On September 26, 2024, we fully placed in-service 180 CityPoint, an approximately 329,000 net rentable 
square foot laboratory/life sciences project located in Waltham, Massachusetts.  
On October 5, 2024, we fully placed in-service 103 CityPoint, an approximately 113,000 net rentable square 
foot laboratory/life sciences project located in Waltham, Massachusetts.
On October 31, 2024, we completed and fully placed in-service 300 Binney Street, a laboratory/life sciences 
redevelopment project with approximately 240,000 net rentable square feet located in Cambridge, Massachusetts.  
Leases
On March 28, 2024, we entered into a 90-year air rights lease with the Massachusetts Department of 
Transportation for an approximately 61,000 square foot site at the parking garage located at 100 Clarendon Street 
and the concourse level of the Massachusetts Bay Transportation Authority’s Back Bay Station (the “Station”).  The 
lease requires annual base rental payments of $250,000 until the commencement of construction, as defined in the 
lease.  If we commence construction of a project on the site on or before August 1, 2028 then a final fixed rental 
payment is due in accordance with the lease at that time.  After August 1, 2028, if we commence construction of a 
project on the site, then a final rental payment based on the then current fair market value will be due at that time.  
In addition, the lease requires annual payments of $500,000 through 2033 to fund maintenance and improvements 
to the Station.  We have assumed that we will begin construction on the site on or before August 1, 2028.  The 
incremental borrowing rate for this lease is 6.57% per annum.  The net present value of the ground lease payments 
is approximately $23.2 million.  We classify this lease as an operating lease.  As a result, we recorded a Right of 
Use Assets – Operating Leases and Lease Liabilities – Operating Leases of approximately $23.9 million and $23.2 
million, respectively, on our Consolidated Balance Sheets at March 31, 2024.  The ground lease had operating 
lease costs of approximately $0.3 million for the period from March 28, 2024 through December 31, 2024.  There 
can be no assurance that we will commence construction on the ground lease site on the terms and schedule 
currently contemplated or at all.
We have a ground lease for the land underlying our residential property, The Skylyne, in Oakland, California.  
The Skylyne is a residential property consisting of 402 residential units and supporting retail space totaling 
approximately 331,000 net rentable square feet.  The ground lease has approximately 92 years remaining (including 
extension options) and provides us with the right to purchase the land subject to certain conditions.  When the lease 
was executed in 2017, the purchase option was considered a bargain purchase option and, as a result, we 
classified it as a finance lease and we assumed the lessor would exercise its right to require us to purchase the land 
in May 2024 for approximately $38.7 million.  In May 2024 and as of the date of this report, the lessor has not 
exercised this option and we reassessed the accounting for the ground lease and determined that the purchase 
option continues to be considered a bargain purchase option and the ground lease will continue to be accounted for 
as a finance lease.  The lease requires monthly base rental payments of a nominal amount until the purchase 
occurs, which we now estimate will be in 2030.  As a result of the reassessment, the lease liability was remeasured 
and reduced to approximately $0.1 million.  In conjunction with the reduction in the lease liability, the right of use 
asset was reduced to $0 and the difference between the lease liability and right of use asset, before the 
remeasurement, of approximately $9.5 million was recorded as a decrease to interest expense for the year ended 
December 31, 2024.  There can be no assurance that we will ultimately exercise the ground lease purchase option 
on the schedule currently contemplated or at all. 
Secured Debt
On January 8, 2024, we acquired our joint venture partner’s 50% economic ownership interest in the joint 
venture that owns 901 New York Avenue located in Washington, DC (See Note 3 to the Consolidated Financial 
  
5

Statements).  The property is subject to existing mortgage indebtedness.  At acquisition, the mortgage loan had an 
outstanding principal balance of approximately $207.1 million, bore interest at 3.61% per annum and was scheduled 
to mature on January 5, 2025.  The mortgage loan was recorded at a fair value of approximately $198.7 million.  On 
January 11, 2024, we modified the mortgage loan to provide for two extension options totaling five years of 
additional term, each subject to certain conditions.  On December 20, 2024, we exercised the first extension option 
to extend the maturity date to January 5, 2029.  At the time of the extension, the outstanding principal balance was 
$202.3 million.  The extended loan will bear interest at 5.00% per annum beginning January 5, 2025.  The loan has 
a one-year extension option remaining, subject to certain conditions.
On October 8, 2024, we modified the mortgage loan collateralized by our Santa Monica Business Park 
properties located in Santa Monica, California.  The mortgage loan had an outstanding principal balance of 
$200.0 million, bore interest at a variable rate equal to Daily Simple SOFR plus 1.38% per annum and was 
scheduled to mature on July 19, 2025.  The modified loan is scheduled to mature on October 8, 2028 and continues 
to bear interest at a variable rate equal to Daily Simple SOFR plus 1.38% per annum until July 19, 2025.  Beginning 
July 19, 2025, the mortgage loan will bear interest at Daily Simple SOFR plus 1.60% per annum through the 
maturity date.  The entire principal is subject to interest rate swap contracts to fix Daily Simple SOFR at a weighted-
average fixed interest rate of approximately 2.675% per annum through April 1, 2025 (See Note 8 to the 
Consolidated Financial Statements).  The mortgage loan requires monthly interest-only payments during the term of 
the loan, with the entire principal due at maturity.  Santa Monica Business Park is an office park consisting of 21 
buildings totaling approximately 1.2 million net rentable square feet.
Unsecured Debt
On February 1, 2024, BPLP repaid $700.0 million in aggregate principal amount of its 3.800% senior notes 
due February 1, 2024.  The repayment was completed with available cash.  The repayment price was approximately 
$713.3 million, which was equal to the stated principal plus approximately $13.3 million of accrued and unpaid 
interest to, but not including, the repayment date.  Excluding the accrued and unpaid interest, the repayment price 
was equal to the principal amount being repaid.  
On April 17, 2024, BPLP established an unsecured commercial paper program.  Under the terms of the 
program, BPLP may issue, from time to time, unsecured commercial paper notes up to a maximum aggregate 
amount outstanding at any one time of $500.0 million with varying maturities of up to one year.  Amounts available 
under the unsecured commercial paper program may be borrowed, repaid, and re-borrowed from time to time.  The 
notes are sold in private placements and rank pari passu with all of BPLP’s other unsecured senior indebtedness, 
including its outstanding senior notes.  The commercial paper program is backstopped by available capacity under 
BPLP’s unsecured revolving credit facility (the “2021 Credit Facility”).  At December 31, 2024, BPLP had an 
aggregate of $500.0 million of unsecured commercial paper notes outstanding that bore interest at a weighted-
average rate of approximately 4.79% per annum and had a weighted-average maturity of 38 days from the issuance 
date. 
On April 29, 2024, BPLP repaid $500.0 million of the outstanding balance of its $1.2 billion unsecured term 
loan facility (the “2023 Unsecured Term Loan”) from the proceeds of its unsecured commercial paper program.  On 
May 16, 2024, BPLP exercised its option to extend the maturity date of the 2023 Unsecured Term Loan to May 16, 
2025.  All other terms of the 2023 Unsecured Term Loan remain unchanged (See Note 7 to the Consolidated 
Financial Statements). 
On April 29, 2024, BPLP increased the maximum borrowing amount under the 2021 Credit Facility from 
$1.815 billion to $2.0 billion.  All other terms of the 2021 Credit Facility, including its maturity date of June 15, 2026, 
remain unchanged (See Note 7 to the Consolidated Financial Statements). 
On August 26, 2024, BPLP completed a public offering of $850.0 million in aggregate principal amount of its 
5.750% unsecured senior notes due 2035.  The notes were priced at 99.961% of the principal amount to yield an 
effective rate (including financing fees) of approximately 5.842% per annum to maturity.  The notes will mature on 
January 15, 2035, unless earlier redeemed.  The aggregate net proceeds from the offering were approximately 
$841.9 million after deducting underwriting discounts and transaction expenses.
On September 27, 2024, BPLP entered into a credit agreement that provides for a $100.0 million unsecured 
term loan facility (the “2024 Unsecured Term Loan”) with a lender (the “Lender”) under the mortgage loan 
collateralized by our Santa Monica Business Park properties located in Santa Monica, California (the “SMBP Loan”).  
Upon entry into the credit agreement, BPLP exercised its option to draw $100.0 million under the 2024 Unsecured 
Term Loan.  The proceeds were used to modify and repay the portion of the SMBP Loan held by the Lender.  After 
6

the repayment, the SMBP Loan had a remaining principal balance of $200.0 million.  The 2024 Unsecured Term 
Loan matures on September 26, 2025 with three, one-year extension options, subject to customary conditions (See 
Note 7 to the Consolidated Financial Statements). 
Equity Transactions
During the year ended December 31, 2024, BXP acquired an aggregate of 1,147,013 common units of limited 
partnership interest, including a total of 122,241 common units issued upon the conversion of LTIP Units, 2012 
outperformance plan awards (“2012 OPP Units”) and 2013 - 2019 multi-year, long-term incentive program awards, 
presented by the holders for redemption, in exchange for an equal number of shares of BXP common stock.
Investments in Unconsolidated Joint Ventures
On January 2, 2024, a joint venture in which we have a 50% ownership interest partially placed in-service 651 
Gateway, an approximately 327,000 net rentable square foot laboratory/life sciences project in South San 
Francisco, California.  This property was fully placed in-service on January 2, 2025. 
On January 8, 2024, we acquired our joint venture partner’s 50% economic ownership interest in the joint 
venture that owns 901 New York Avenue, located in Washington, DC, for a gross purchase price of $10.0 million in 
cash (See Note 3 to the Consolidated Financial Statements).  Prior to the acquisition, we had a 50% economic 
ownership interest in the joint venture and accounted for it under the equity method of accounting. The acquisition 
resulted in us having full ownership of the joint venture such that we now account for its assets, liabilities, and 
operations on a consolidated basis in our financial statements instead of under the equity method of accounting.  As 
a result, we recognized a gain on consolidation of approximately $21.8 million.
On February 6, 2024, a joint venture in which we have a 25% ownership interest extended the maturity date of 
the loan collateralized by its 3 Hudson Boulevard property.  At the time of the extension, the loan had an outstanding 
principal balance totaling $80.0 million and was scheduled to mature on February 9, 2024.  The extended loan was 
scheduled to mature on May 9, 2024.  On May 8, 2024, the loan was extended 30 days and on June 7, 2024, the 
loan was extended an additional 60 days.  The extended loan continued to bear interest at a variable rate equal to 
Term SOFR plus approximately 3.61% per annum and matured on August 7, 2024.  As of December 31, 2024, the 
loan was in a maturity default and had an outstanding balance, including accrued and unpaid interest and default 
interest of approximately $119.6 million.  The joint venture is negotiating a new third-party loan, however, there can 
be no assurance that the joint venture will enter into a new third-party loan on the terms and schedule currently 
contemplated or at all.  We are the lender of the loan and the loan and accrued interest are reflected as Related 
Party Note Receivables, Net  and Tenant and Other Receivables, Net, respectively, on our Consolidated Balance 
Sheets.  3 Hudson Boulevard consists of land and improvements held for future development located in New York, 
New York.
On February 9, 2024, a joint venture in which we have a 50% ownership interest exercised an option to extend 
the maturity date of the construction loan collateralized by its 7750 Wisconsin Avenue property.  The construction 
loan had a total commitment amount of approximately $252.6 million.  The extended loan continues to bear interest 
at a variable rate equal to Term SOFR plus 1.35% per annum and matures on April 26, 2025.  At the time of the 
extension, the loan had an outstanding balance totaling approximately $251.6 million and was scheduled to mature 
on April 26, 2024.  7750 Wisconsin Avenue is a premier workplace with approximately 736,000 net rentable square 
feet located in Bethesda, Maryland.
On July 18, 2024, a joint venture in which we have a 50% ownership interest extended by one year the 
maturity date of its loan collateralized by 100 Causeway Street.  At the time of the extension, the loan had an 
outstanding balance totaling approximately $333.6 million, bore interest at Term SOFR plus 1.48% per annum, and 
was scheduled to mature on September 5, 2024.  Following the extension, the loan will continue to bear interest at 
Term SOFR plus 1.48% per annum, and is scheduled to mature on September 5, 2025.  100 Causeway Street is an 
approximately 634,000 net rentable square foot premier workplace located in Boston, Massachusetts.
On August 7, 2024, a joint venture in which we have a 71.11% ownership interest partially placed in-service 
360 Park Avenue South, a 20-story, premier workplace with ground floor retail located in New York City, New York, 
aggregating approximately 450,000 net rentable square feet.  On December 13, 2024, the joint venture extended 
the maturity date of its mortgage loan by three years.  At the time of the extension, the loan had an outstanding 
balance totaling approximately $220.0 million, bore interest at Adjusted Term SOFR plus 2.40% per annum, and 
was scheduled to mature on December 14, 2024.  Following the extension, the loan bears interest at Term SOFR 
plus 2.50% per annum, and is scheduled to mature on December 13, 2027. 
7

On December 13, 2024, a joint venture in which we have a 20% ownership interest fully placed in-service 
Skymark, a luxury residential property located in Reston, Virginia, that consists of 508 residential units aggregating 
approximately 417,000 net rentable square feet across a five-story, low-rise building and an iconic 39-story tower, 
which is one of the tallest buildings in Northern Virginia. 
During the year ended December 31, 2024, we recognized an other-than-temporary impairment loss on our 
investments in Colorado Center, Gateway Commons and Safeco Plaza of approximately $168.4 million, 
$126.1 million and $46.8 million, respectively (See Note 6 to the Consolidated Financial Statements).
Noncontrolling Interest 
On March 21, 2024, we completed the sale of a 45% interest in 290 Binney Street in Cambridge, 
Massachusetts.  We retain a 55% ownership interest in the joint venture.  The institutional investor funded 
approximately $97.2 million in cash at closing, which is less than 45% of the agreed upon carrying value of the 
property immediately prior to the transaction.  The institutional investor will fund all construction costs until its equity 
balance is proportionate to its ownership percentage, after which we and the institutional investor will fund the 
development project based on our respective ownership interests.  As of December 31, 2024, the equity balance for 
each of the investors is proportionate to their ownership percentage.  The transaction did not qualify as a sale of real 
estate for financial reporting purposes as we continue to effectively control the property and thus will continue to 
account for the property on a consolidated basis in our financial statements and no gain was recognized in the 
Consolidated Statements of Operations.  We provide customary development, property management and leasing 
services to the joint venture.  290 Binney Street is an approximately 573,000 net rentable square foot laboratory/life 
sciences development project located in Cambridge, Massachusetts. 
Stock Option and Incentive Plan
On January 25, 2024, the Compensation Committee of BXP’s Board of Directors approved a new equity-
based, multi-year, long-term incentive program (the “2024 MYLTIP”) as a performance based component of our 
overall compensation program under the BXP, Inc. 2021 Stock Incentive Plan (the “2021 Plan”) to certain executive 
officers of BXP.  Under ASC 718 “Compensation - Stock Compensation,” the 2024 MYLTIP awards have an 
aggregate value of approximately $11.1 million, which amount will generally be amortized into earnings under the 
graded vesting method. (See Note 15 to the Consolidated Financial Statements).
On February 1, 2024, the three-year measurement period for our 2021 MYLTIP awards ended and, based on 
BXP’s absolute and relative TSR performance, the final payout was determined to be 112% of target, or an 
aggregate of approximately $12.6 million (after giving effect to employee separations).  As a result, an aggregate of 
155,625 2021 MYLTIP Units that had been previously granted were automatically forfeited.
Business and Growth Strategies
Business Strategies 
Our primary business objective is to maximize return on investment to provide our investors with the greatest 
possible total return at all points of the economic cycle.  Our strategies to achieve this objective are:
•
to target a few carefully selected dynamic gateway markets—Boston, Los Angeles, New York, San 
Francisco, Seattle and Washington, DC—and to be one of the leading, if not the leading, developers, 
owners and managers in each of those markets with a full-service office in each market providing 
property management, leasing, development, construction and legal expertise.  We select markets and 
submarkets with a diverse economic base and a deep pool of prospective clients in various industries 
and where clients have demonstrated a preference for premier workplaces and other facilities.  
Additionally, our markets have historically been able to recruit new talent to them and as such created 
job growth that results in growth in rental rates and occupancy over time.  We have explored, and may 
continue to explore for future investment, select domestic and international markets that exhibit these 
same traits;  
•
to emphasize markets and submarkets within those markets where the difficulty of receiving the 
necessary approvals for development and the necessary financing constitute high barriers to the creation 
of new supply, and where skill, financial strength and diligence are required to successfully develop, 
8

finance and manage high-quality office and life sciences space, as well as selected retail and residential 
space;
•
to take on complex, technically challenging development projects, leveraging the skills of our 
management team to successfully develop, acquire or reposition properties that other organizations may 
not have the capacity or resources to pursue;
•
to own and develop high-quality real estate designed to meet the demands of today’s clients who require 
sophisticated telecommunications and related infrastructure, support services, sustainable features and 
amenities, including those amenities that enrich in-person experiences and support a hybrid work 
environment, and to manage those facilities so as to become the landlord of choice for both existing and 
prospective clients;
•
to opportunistically acquire assets that increase our market share in the markets in which we have 
chosen to concentrate, as well as potential new markets, which exhibit an opportunity to improve returns 
through repositioning (through a combination of capital improvements and shift in marketing strategy), 
changes in management focus and leasing;
•
to explore joint venture or lending opportunities with existing property owners located in desirable 
locations, who seek to benefit from the depth of development and management expertise we are able to 
provide and our access to capital;
•
to pursue on a selective basis the sale of properties or interests therein, including core properties, to 
either (1) take advantage of the demand for our premier properties and realize the value we have 
created or (2) pare from our portfolio properties that we believe have slower future growth potential;
•
to seek third-party development contracts to enable us to retain and utilize our existing development and 
construction management staff, especially when our internal development is less active or when new 
development is less-warranted due to market conditions; and
•
to enhance our capital structure through our access to a variety of sources of capital and proactively 
manage our debt expirations.
Growth Strategies
External Growth Strategies
We believe that our development experience, our organizational depth, utilization of our joint venture partner 
relationships and our balance sheet position us to continue to selectively develop a range of premier workplaces, 
including high-rise urban developments, mixed-use developments (including office, residential and retail), low-rise 
suburban office and residential properties and life sciences space, within budget and on schedule.  We believe we 
are also well-positioned to achieve external growth through acquisitions.  From time to time, we remove from 
service select office assets for which we believe we have better uses, such as residential developments.  Other 
factors that contribute to our competitive position include:
•
our control of sites (including sites under contract or option to acquire and properties removed from our 
in-service portfolio in anticipation of future redevelopment) in our markets that could support 
approximately 19.5 million additional square feet of new development;
•
our reputation gained through 55 years of successful operations and the stability and strength of our 
existing portfolio of properties;
•
our relationships with leading national corporations, universities and public institutions, including 
government agencies, seeking new facilities and development services;
•
our relationships with nationally recognized financial institutions that provide capital to the real estate 
industry;
•
our track record and reputation for executing acquisitions efficiently provide comfort to domestic and 
foreign institutions, private investors and corporations who seek to sell commercial real estate in our 
market areas;
•
our ability to act quickly on due diligence and financing; 
  
9

•
our relationships with institutional buyers and sellers of high-quality real estate assets;
•
our ability to procure entitlements from multiple municipalities to develop sites and attract land owners to 
sell or partner with us; and
•
our relationship with domestic and foreign investors who seek to partner with companies like ours.
Opportunities to execute our external growth strategy fall into three categories:
•
Development in selected submarkets. We believe the selected development of well-positioned premier 
workplaces as well as residential buildings and mixed-use complexes may be justified in our markets.  
We believe in acquiring land after taking into consideration timing factors relating to economic cycles and 
in response to market conditions that should allow for its development at the appropriate time.  While we 
purposely concentrate in markets with high barriers-to-entry, we have demonstrated throughout our 55-
year history, an ability to make carefully timed land acquisitions in submarkets where we can become 
one of the market leaders in establishing rent and other business terms.  We believe that there are 
opportunities at key locations in our existing and other markets for a well-capitalized developer to acquire 
land or buildings with development or redevelopment potential.
In the past, we have been particularly successful at acquiring sites or options to purchase sites that need 
governmental approvals for development.  Because of our development expertise, knowledge of the 
governmental approval process and reputation for quality development with local government regulatory 
bodies, we generally have been able to secure the permits necessary to allow development and to profit 
from the resulting increase in land value.  We seek complex projects where we can add value through 
the efforts of our experienced and skilled management team leading to attractive returns on investment.
Our strong regional relationships and recognized development expertise have enabled us to capitalize 
on unique build-to-suit opportunities.  We intend to seek and expect to continue to be presented with 
such opportunities in the near term allowing us to earn relatively significant returns on these 
development opportunities through multiple business cycles.
•
Acquisition of assets and portfolios of assets from institutions, including lenders, or individuals. We 
believe that due to our size, management strength and reputation, we are well positioned to acquire 
portfolios of assets or individual properties from institutions or individuals if valuations meet our criteria.  
In addition, we believe that our market knowledge and our liquidity and access to capital may provide us 
with a competitive advantage when pursuing acquisitions.  Opportunities to acquire properties may also 
come through the purchase of first mortgage or mezzanine debt.  We are also able to appeal to sellers 
wishing to contribute on a tax-deferred basis their ownership of property for equity in a diversified real 
estate operating company that offers liquidity through access to the public equity markets in addition to a 
quarterly distribution.  Our ability to offer common and preferred units of limited partnership in BPLP to 
sellers who would otherwise recognize a taxable gain upon a sale of assets for cash or BXP’s common 
stock may facilitate these types of acquisitions on a tax-efficient basis.  Existing promulgated Treasury 
regulations may limit the tax benefits previously available to sellers in some variations of these 
transactions.
•
Acquisition of underperforming assets and portfolios of assets. We believe that because of our in-depth 
market knowledge and development experience in each of our markets, our national reputation with 
brokers, financial institutions, owners of real estate and others involved in the real estate market and our 
access to competitively-priced capital, we are well-positioned to identify and acquire existing, 
underperforming properties for competitive prices and to add significant additional value to such 
properties through our effective marketing strategies, repositioning/redevelopment expertise and a 
responsive property management program. 
Internal Growth Strategies
We believe that opportunities will exist to increase cash flow from our existing properties through an increase 
in occupancy and rental rates because they are of high quality and in desirable locations.  Additionally, our markets 
have diversified economies that have historically experienced job growth and increased use of office space, 
resulting in growth in rental rates and occupancy over time.  Our strategy for maximizing the benefits from these 
opportunities is three-fold: (1) to provide high-quality property management services using our employees in order 
to encourage clients to renew, expand and relocate in our properties, (2) to achieve speed and transaction cost 
10

efficiency in replacing departing clients through the use of in-house services for marketing, lease negotiation and 
construction of tenant and capital improvements and (3) to work with new or existing clients with space expansion or 
contraction needs, leveraging our expertise and clustering of assets to maximize the cash flow from our assets.  We 
expect to continue our internal growth as a result of our ability to: 
•
Cultivate existing submarkets and long-term relationships with credit clients. In choosing locations for our 
properties, we have paid particular attention to transportation and commuting patterns, physical 
environment, adjacency to established business centers and amenities, proximity to sources of business 
growth and other local factors.
At December 31, 2024, the weighted-average lease term of our in-place leases based on square feet, 
including leases signed by our unconsolidated joint ventures, was approximately 7.8 years and we 
continue to cultivate long-term leasing relationships with a diverse base of high-quality, financially stable 
clients.  In 2024, we executed approximately 5.6 million square feet of leases with a weighted-average 
lease term of 9.8 years.  Based on leases in place at December 31, 2024, leases with respect to 
approximately 7.0% of the total square feet in our portfolio, including unconsolidated joint ventures, will 
expire in calendar year 2025. 
•
Directly manage our office properties to maximize the potential for client retention. We provide property 
management services ourselves, rather than contracting for this service, to maintain awareness of and 
responsiveness to client needs.  We and our properties also benefit from cost efficiencies produced by 
an experienced work force attentive to preventive maintenance and energy management and from our 
continuing programs to assure that our property management personnel at all levels remain aware of 
their important role in client relations.  In addition, we reinvest in our properties by adding new services 
and amenities that are desirable to our clients.  
•
Replace clients quickly at best available market terms and lowest possible transaction costs. We believe 
that we are well-positioned to attract new clients and achieve relatively high rental and occupancy rates 
as a result of our well-located, well-designed and well-maintained properties, our reputation for high-
quality building services and responsiveness to clients, and our ability to offer expansion and relocation 
alternatives within our submarkets.
•
Extend terms of existing leases to existing clients prior to expiration. We have also successfully 
structured early client renewals, which have reduced the cost associated with lease downtime while 
securing the tenancy of our highest quality credit-worthy clients on a long-term basis and enhancing 
relationships.
•
Re-development of existing assets.  We believe the select re-development of assets within our portfolio, 
where through the ability to increase the building size and/or to increase cash flow and generate 
appropriate returns on incremental investment after consideration of the asset’s current and future cash 
flows, may be desirable. This generally occurs in situations in which we are able to increase the 
building’s size, improve building systems, including conversion to higher yielding life sciences uses, and 
sustainability features, and/or add client amenities, thereby increasing client demand, generating 
acceptable returns on incremental investment and enhancing the long-term value of the property and the 
company.  In the past, we have been particularly successful at gaining local government approval for 
increased density at several of our assets, providing the opportunity to enhance value at a particular 
location.  Our strong regional relationships and recognized re-development expertise have enabled us to 
capitalize on unique build-to-suit opportunities.  We intend to seek and expect to continue to be 
presented with such opportunities in the near term allowing us to earn attractive returns on these 
development opportunities through multiple business cycles.
Sustainability
Our Strategy
We are committed to maximizing long-term value for our shareholders through, among other strategies, 
actively working to promote our growth and operations sustainably and responsibly across our six dynamic gateway 
markets.  BXP’s sustainability strategy is to conduct our business, the development, ownership and operation of 
new and existing buildings, in a manner that contributes to positive outcomes for our clients, shareholders, 
employees and the communities we serve (collectively, our “stakeholders”).  Our investment philosophy is shaped 
by our core strategy of long-term ownership and our commitment to our communities and the centers of commerce 
  
11

and civic life that make them thrive.  We are focused on developing and maintaining healthy, high-performance 
buildings, while simultaneously mitigating operational costs and the potential external impacts of energy, water, 
waste, greenhouse gas (“GHG”) emissions and climate change.  Through our efforts, we demonstrate that operating 
and developing commercial real estate can be conducted with a conscious regard for the environment while 
mutually benefiting our stakeholders.
Sustainability Leadership
BXP is a widely recognized industry leader in sustainability, and our 2024 highlights include:
•
BXP ranked among the top real estate companies in the GRESB assessment, earning a ninth 
consecutive 5-star rating. 2024 was the thirteenth consecutive year that BXP earned the GRESB “Green 
Star” designation
•
BXP maintained an MSCI rating of “AA” and a CDP score of “B” 
•
BXP was named to Newsweek’s America’s Most Responsible Companies for the fifth consecutive year, 
ranking 83rd out of 600 companies, and was also named to Newsweek’s America’s Greenest 
Companies with a 4.5-star rating
•
BXP was named a member of the Dow Jones Sustainability Index (DJSI) North America for the fourth 
consecutive year. BXP was one of eight real estate companies that qualified and the only office REIT in 
the index, scoring in the 93rd percentile of the real estate companies assessed for inclusion 
•
BXP was recognized as one of TIME Magazine’s World’s Most Sustainable Companies, ranking 79th out 
of 500 companies and the highest-rated United States property owner
•
BXP earned Nareit’s Leader in the Light Office award, in addition to Nareit’s Sustainability Impact Award 
- Sustainable Design for 140 Kendrick Street - Building A
•
BXP was named an ENERGY STAR Partner of the Year – Sustained Excellence Award Winner
•
BXP continued its tenure as an inaugural Platinum Level Green Lease Leader by the Institute for Market 
Transformation and the U.S. Department of Energy 
Our leadership position is due, in part, to our establishment of environmental goals, the periodic reporting of 
progress toward our goals and the achievement of these goals, which we report in an annual Sustainability & Impact 
Report that is made available on our website at http://www.bxp.com under the heading “Commitment”.  We have 
publicly adopted energy, water, building certification, waste and GHG emissions goals, including a commitment to 
achieving carbon-neutral operations (for direct and indirect Scope 1 and Scope 2 GHG emissions) by 2025 from our 
occupied and actively managed buildings where we have operational control.  We have also provided climate-
related disclosures aligned with the recommendations of the Task Force on Climate-Related Financial Disclosures 
(“TCFD”).  Detailed information on these goals and targets and our TCFD disclosures are included in our 
Sustainability & Impact Reports. We expect to publish our next report in April 2025.
The Sustainability & Impact Reports and the related information contained on our website (or that can be 
accessed through our website) are not incorporated by reference into this Annual Report on Form 10-K.
Sustainability Accounting Standards Board (“SASB”) Disclosures
The Real Estate Sustainability Accounting Standard issued by SASB in 2018 proposed sustainability 
accounting metrics designed for disclosure in mandatory filings, such as the Annual Report on Form 10-K, and 
serves as the framework against which we have aligned our disclosures for sustainability information.  The 
recommended energy and water management activity metrics for the real estate industry include energy 
consumption data coverage as a percentage of floor area (“Energy Intensity”); percentage of the eligible portfolio 
that is certified ENERGY STAR® (“ENERGY STAR certified”); total energy consumed by portfolio area (“Total 
Energy Consumption”); water withdrawal as a percentage of total floor area (“Water Intensity”); and total water 
withdrawn by portfolio area (“Total Water Consumption”).  Our energy and water data is collected from utility bills 
and submeters and is assured by an independent, third-party assurance expert, which includes all 2023 SASB  
energy and water metrics.  During the 2024 calendar year, 69 buildings representing 59% of total in-service portfolio 
were ENERGY STAR certified.  A licensed professional has verified all ENERGY STAR applications.
  
12

The charts below detail our Energy Intensity, Total Energy Consumption, Water Intensity and Total Water 
Consumption for 2015 through 2023 for which data were available on occupied and actively managed office 
buildings where we had operational control.1,2,3,4,5,6
 
  
_______________
(1) Full 2024 calendar year energy and water data will not be available and assured by a third party until April 2025. 
Therefore, 2023 is the most recent year for which complete and third-party assured energy and water data is available.
(2) The charts reflect the performance of our occupied and actively managed office portfolio.  We define “occupied buildings” 
as those with no more than 50% vacancy. Actively managed office buildings are multi-tenant buildings over which we 
have operational control of building system performance and investment decisions.  At the end of the 2023 calendar year, 
our occupied and actively managed office portfolio included 77 buildings totaling 40.8 million gross square feet, and it 
accounted for approximately 75% of BXP’s total in-service portfolio by area.
(3) Floor area is considered to have complete energy consumption data coverage when we obtain energy consumption data 
(i.e., energy types and amounts consumed) for all types of energy consumed in the relevant floor area during the 
calendar year, regardless of when such data was obtained.
(4) The scope of energy includes energy purchased from sources external to us and our clients or produced by us or our 
clients and energy from all sources, including fuel, gas, electricity and steam.  Energy use intensity (kBtu/SF) has been 
weather-normalized.
(5) Water sources include surface water (including water from wetlands, rivers, lakes and oceans), groundwater, rainwater 
collected directly and stored by BXP, municipal water supplies or supply from other water utilities.
(6) 2020 and 2021 data reflect the combined impacts of efficiency measures, renewable energy and reduced physical 
occupancy due to the COVID-19 pandemic. Occupancy was not significantly reduced in 2023.
Human Capital Management
As of December 31, 2024, we had 710 non-union employees and 106 union employees.  Because the unions 
control the primary aspects of the hiring process, except as otherwise noted, all data provided in this Human Capital 
Management section refers to BXP’s non-union employee workforce only. 
Our operational and financial performance depends on the talents, energy, experience and well-being of our 
employees.  Our ability to attract and retain talented people depends on a number of factors, including work 
environment, career development and professional training, compensation and benefits, and the health, safety and 
wellness of our employees.
Our workforce provides a strategic business advantage as it is one of our most valuable assets.  We are 
committed to the quality, growth and development of our people as part of our strategy to drive long-term value for 
our shareholders. We aim to ensure that all employees have the opportunity to make their maximum contribution to 
us and to their own career goals. It has been, and will continue to be, our policy to recruit, hire, assign, promote and 
train in all job titles without regard to race, national origin, religion, age, color, sex, sexual orientation, gender 
identity, disability, protected veteran status, or any other characteristic protected by local, state, or federal laws, 
rules, or regulations. Our hiring practices do not, and have not, included quotas or numerical targets based on any 
of these characteristics.
Culture & Employee Engagement
We believe that the success of our business is tied to the quality of our workforce, and we strive to maintain a 
corporate environment without losing the entrepreneurial spirit with which we were founded 55 years ago. By 
  
13

providing a quality workplace and comprehensive benefit programs, we recognize the commitment of our 
employees to bring their talent, energy and experience to us.  Our continued success will depend on our employees’ 
expertise and dedication.  Our workforce, as referred to in this section, excludes intern employees and union 
employees for which the unions control primary aspects of the hiring process.
We periodically conduct employee engagement surveys to monitor our employees’ satisfaction in different 
aspects of their employment, including company performance, leadership, communication, career development and 
benefits offerings.  Past employee responsiveness to the engagement surveys has been consistently high and the 
results help inform us on matters that our employees view as key contributors to a positive work experience.  We 
intend to continue to periodically evaluate employee engagement as needed on a meaningful basis. 
Another indicator of the success of our efforts in the workplace is the long tenure of our employees. 
Approximately 34% of our employees have worked at BXP for ten or more years.  The average tenure of our 
employees is approximately 9.5 years and that of our officers is 18.4 years.  In 2024, our voluntary workforce 
turnover rate was 10.8%.
Career Development & Training 
We invest significant resources in our employees’ personal and professional growth and development and 
provide a wide range of tools and development opportunities that build and strengthen employees’ leadership and 
professional skills.  These development opportunities include in-person and virtual training sessions, in-house 
learning opportunities, various management trainings, departmental conferences, executive town halls and external 
programs.  We foster an environment of growth and internal promotion and strive for a process that is grounded in 
efficiency, transparency and collaboration for our internal candidates. Open positions are posted, and employees 
are highly encouraged to apply for promotion within the organization.  In 2024, more than 6% of our employees 
were promoted to elevated roles within our organization.  
Compensation & Benefits
We designed our compensation program with the goal of providing a balanced and effective way of ensuring 
internal equity and market competitiveness in our pay practices.  We have coupled external, market-driven data with 
a comprehensive performance review assessment tool to strike the balance that best represents our compensation 
strategy and links pay to performance.  On an annual basis, our Human Resources department evaluates market 
compensation ranges for each position to ensure we are appropriately compensating our employees.  We believe 
this total rewards program directly aligns with our compensation and benefits strategy.
Our employee benefit programs are designed to meet the needs of our workforce by offering comprehensive 
and competitive programs to support our employees and their families.  These programs provide flexibility and 
choice in coverage, valuable resources to protect and enhance financial security, and benefits that help balance 
work and personal life.  Some of the benefits that we offer our employees include:
•
health (including telehealth), dental and vision insurance, 
•
employer-subsidized health savings account,
•
a 401(k) plan with a generous matching contribution, 
•
an employee stock purchase plan that allows employees to purchase our common stock at a discount, 
•
health care and dependent care flexible spending accounts, 
•
income protection through our sick pay, salary continuation and long-term disability policies and life 
insurance, 
•
a scholarship program for the children of non-officer employees, 
•
tuition reimbursement,
•
a commuter subsidy to encourage and support the use of public transportation, 
•
paid vacation, holiday, personal days, a volunteer day program, and paid parental leave to balance work 
and personal life,
•
wellness and mental health well-being programs,
•
employee assistance program,
14

•
matching charitable gift program,
•
back-up child and elder care, and
•
pet insurance.
Health, Safety & Wellness
As one of the largest publicly traded premier workplace REITs (based on total market capitalization as of 
December 31, 2024) in the United States, we are keenly aware of the influence of buildings on human health and its 
importance to our clients and employees.  The health, safety and security of our employees, clients, contractors and 
other visitors to our properties are our highest priority.  We have implemented numerous operational measures to 
promote better health and safety in our buildings, including measures related to indoor air quality in our buildings.
We believe the success of our employees is dependent upon their overall well-being, including their physical 
health, mental health, work-life balance and financial well-being.  In addition to the benefits outlined above, we also 
offer our employees an Employee Wellness Program, an Employee Assistance Program and a Mental Health Well-
Being Program.  The Employee Wellness Program was established in 2016 to encourage employees to improve 
their health and well-being by offering a variety of activities and engaging content to meet individual wellness goals.  
Qualifying program participants receive a discount on a portion of their health insurance cost.  The Employee 
Assistance Program includes services for childcare, eldercare, personal relationship information, financial planning 
assistance, stress management, mental illness and general wellness and self-help.  BXP also offers a premium 
mental health program that provides online resources and support for employees facing a wide variety of issues.
Policies with Respect to Certain Activities
The discussion below sets forth certain additional information regarding our investment, financing and other 
policies.  These policies have been determined by BXP’s Board of Directors and, in general, may be amended or 
revised from time to time by the Board of Directors.
Investment Policies
Investments in Real Estate or Interests in Real Estate
Our investment objectives are to provide quarterly cash dividends/distributions to our securityholders and to 
achieve long-term capital appreciation through increases in our value.  We have not established a specific policy 
regarding the relative priority of these investment objectives.
We expect to continue to pursue our investment objectives primarily through the ownership of our current 
properties, development and redevelopment projects and other acquired properties.  We currently intend to continue 
to invest primarily in developments of properties and acquisitions of existing improved properties or properties in 
need of redevelopment, and acquisitions of land that we believe have development potential, primarily in our 
existing markets of Boston, Los Angeles, New York, San Francisco, Seattle and Washington, DC.  We have 
explored and may continue to explore for future investment in select domestic and international markets that exhibit 
these same traits.  Future investment or development activities will not be limited to a specified percentage of our 
assets.  We intend to engage in such future investment or development activities in a manner that is consistent with 
the maintenance of BXP’s status as a REIT for federal income tax purposes.  In addition, we may purchase or lease 
income-producing commercial and other types of properties for long-term investment, expand and improve the real 
estate presently owned or other properties purchased, or sell such real estate properties, in whole or in part, when 
circumstances warrant.  We do not have a policy that restricts the amount or percentage of assets that will be 
invested in any specific property, however, our investments may be restricted by our debt covenants.
We may also continue to participate with third parties in property ownership, through joint ventures or other 
types of co-ownership.  These investments may permit us to own interests in larger assets without unduly restricting 
diversification and, therefore, add flexibility in structuring our portfolio.
Equity investments may be subject to existing mortgage financing and other indebtedness or such financing or 
indebtedness as may be incurred in connection with acquiring or refinancing these investments.  Debt service on 
such financing or indebtedness will have a priority over any distributions with respect to BXP’s common stock.  
Investments are also subject to our policy not to be treated as an investment company under the Investment 
Company Act of 1940, as amended (the “1940 Act”). 
  
15

Investments in Real Estate Mortgages and Mezzanine Debt
While our current portfolio consists primarily of, and our business objectives emphasize, equity investments in 
commercial real estate, we may, at the discretion of the Board of Directors of BXP, invest in mortgages and other 
types of real estate interests consistent with BXP’s qualification as a REIT.  Investments in real estate mortgages 
run the risk that one or more borrowers may default under such mortgages and that the collateral securing such 
mortgages may not be sufficient to enable us to recoup our full investment.  We may invest in participating, 
convertible or traditional mortgages if we conclude that we may benefit from the cash flow, or any appreciation in 
value of the property or as an entrance to the fee ownership.  As of December 31, 2024, we had one note 
receivable and two related party note receivables outstanding, which totaled approximately $93.7 million, after 
adjustments for financing costs and the current expected credit loss allowance.  
Securities of or Interests in Entities Primarily Engaged in Real Estate Activities
Subject to the percentage of ownership limitations and gross income and asset tests necessary for BXP’s 
REIT qualification, we also may invest in securities of other REITs, other entities engaged in real estate activities or 
securities of other issuers, including for the purpose of exercising control over such entities.
Dispositions
We decide to dispose or partially dispose of properties based upon a periodic review of our portfolio and the 
determination by the Board of Directors of BXP that doing so is in our best interests.  Any decision to dispose of a 
property will be authorized by the Board of Directors of BXP or a committee thereof.  Some holders of limited 
partnership interests in BPLP could incur adverse tax consequences upon the sale of certain of our properties that 
differ from the tax consequences to BXP.  Consequently, holders of limited partnership interests in BPLP may have 
different objectives regarding the appropriate pricing and timing of any such sale.  Such different tax treatment 
derives in most cases from the fact that we acquired these properties in exchange for partnership interests in 
contribution transactions structured to allow the prior owners to defer taxable gain.  Generally, this deferral 
continues so long as we do not dispose of the properties in a taxable transaction.  Unless a sale by us of these 
properties is structured as a like-kind exchange under Section 1031 of the Internal Revenue Code of 1986, as 
amended (the “Code”), or in a manner that otherwise allows deferral to continue, recognition of the deferred tax gain 
allocable to these prior owners is generally triggered by a sale.  As of December 31, 2024, we had one property that 
was subject to a tax protection agreement, which may limit our ability to dispose of the asset or require us to pay 
damages to the prior owner in the event of a taxable sale in violation of the agreement.  The tax protection 
agreement expires on December 14, 2033, or earlier upon the occurrence of certain events. 
Financing Policies 
The agreement of limited partnership of BPLP and BXP’s certificate of incorporation and bylaws do not limit 
the amount or percentage of indebtedness that we may incur.  Further, we do not have a policy limiting the amount 
of indebtedness that we may incur, nor have we established any limit on the number or amount of mortgages that 
may be placed on any single property or on our portfolio as a whole.  However, our mortgages, credit facilities, joint 
venture agreements and unsecured debt securities contain customary restrictions, requirements and other 
limitations on our ability to incur indebtedness.  In addition, we evaluate the impact of incremental leverage on our 
debt metrics and the credit ratings of BPLP’s publicly traded debt.  A reduction in BPLP’s credit ratings could result 
in us borrowing money at higher interest rates.
The Board of Directors of BXP will consider a number of factors when evaluating our level of indebtedness 
and when making decisions regarding the incurrence of indebtedness, including the purchase price of properties to 
be acquired with debt financing, the estimated market value of our properties upon refinancing, the cost and 
effectiveness of entering into interest rate swaps, caps, floors and other interest rate hedging contracts and the 
ability of particular properties, and us as a whole, to generate cash flow to cover expected debt service. 
Policies with Respect to Other Activities
As the sole general partner of BPLP, BXP has the authority to issue additional common and preferred units of 
limited partnership interest of BPLP.  BXP has issued, and may in the future issue, common or preferred units of 
limited partnership interest to persons who contribute their direct or indirect interests in properties to us in exchange 
for such common or preferred units.  We have not engaged in trading, underwriting or agency distribution or sale of 
securities of issuers other than BXP and BPLP does not intend to do so.  At all times, we intend to make 
investments in such a manner as to enable BXP to maintain its qualification as a REIT, unless, due to changes in 
  
16

circumstances or to the Code, the Board of Directors of BXP determines that it is no longer in the best interest of 
BXP to qualify as a REIT.  We may make loans to third parties, including, without limitation, to joint ventures in which 
we participate or in connection with the disposition of a property.  We intend to make investments in such a way that 
we will not be treated as an investment company under the 1940 Act.  Our policies with respect to these and other 
activities may be reviewed and modified or amended from time to time by the Board of Directors of BXP. 
Governmental Regulations
General
Compliance with various governmental regulations has an impact on our business, including our capital 
expenditures, earnings and competitive position, which can be material.  We incur costs to monitor and take actions 
to comply with governmental regulations that are applicable to our business, which include, among others, (1) 
federal securities laws and regulations, (2) applicable stock exchange requirements, and (3) federal, state and local 
laws and regulations related to (a) our status as a REIT and other tax laws and regulations, and (b) real property, 
the improvements thereon and the operation thereof, such as laws and regulations relating to the environment, 
health and safety, zoning, usage, building, fire and life safety codes, (4) the requirements of the Office of Foreign 
Assets Control of the United States Department of the Treasury and (5) the Americans with Disabilities Act of 1990.  
In addition to the discussion below, see “Item 1A. – Risk Factors” for a discussion of these governmental regulations 
and other material risks to us, including, to the extent material, to our competitive position, and see “Item 7— 
Management’s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations” together with our 
consolidated financial statements, including the related notes included therein, for a discussion of material 
information relevant to an assessment of our financial condition and results of operations, including, to the extent 
material, the effects that compliance with governmental regulations may have upon our capital expenditures and 
earnings.
Environmental Matters
It is our policy to retain independent environmental consultants to conduct or update Phase I environmental 
assessments (which generally do not involve invasive techniques such as soil or ground water sampling) and 
asbestos surveys in connection with our acquisition of properties.  These pre-purchase environmental assessments 
have not revealed environmental conditions that we believe will have a material adverse effect on our business, 
assets, financial condition, results of operations or liquidity, and we are not otherwise aware of environmental 
conditions with respect to our properties that we believe would have such a material adverse effect.  However, from 
time to time environmental conditions at our properties have required and may in the future require environmental 
testing and/or regulatory filings, as well as remedial action. 
For example, in February 1999, we (through a joint venture) acquired from Exxon Corporation a property in 
Massachusetts that was formerly used as a petroleum bulk storage and distribution facility and was known by the 
state regulatory authority to contain soil and groundwater contamination.  We developed an office park on the 
property.  We engaged a specially licensed environmental consultant to oversee the management of contaminated 
soil and groundwater that was disturbed in the course of construction.  Under the property acquisition agreement, 
Exxon agreed to (1) bear the liability arising from releases or discharges of oil and hazardous substances which 
occurred at the site prior to our ownership, (2) continue monitoring and/or remediating such releases and 
discharges as necessary and appropriate to comply with applicable requirements, and (3) indemnify us for certain 
losses arising from preexisting site conditions.  Any indemnity claim may be subject to various defenses and 
contractual limitations, including time limits, and there can be no assurance that the amounts paid under the 
indemnity, if any, would be sufficient to cover the liabilities arising from any such releases and discharges. 
Environmental investigations at some of our properties and certain properties owned by our affiliates have 
identified groundwater contamination migrating from off-site source properties.  In each case we engaged a licensed 
environmental consultant to perform the necessary investigations and assessments, and to prepare any required 
submittals to the regulatory authorities.  In each case the environmental consultant concluded that the properties 
qualify under the regulatory program or the regulatory practice for a status which eliminates certain deadlines for 
conducting response actions at a site.  We also believe that these properties qualify for liability relief under certain 
statutory provisions or regulatory practices regarding upgradient releases.  Although we believe that the current or 
former owners of the upgradient source properties may bear responsibility for some or all of the costs of addressing 
the identified groundwater contamination, we will take such further response actions (if any) that we deem 
necessary or advisable.  Other than periodic testing at some of these properties, no such additional response 
actions are anticipated at this time. 
  
17

Some of our properties and certain properties owned by our affiliates are located in urban, industrial and other 
previously developed areas where fill or current or historical use of the areas have caused site contamination.  
Accordingly, it is sometimes necessary to institute special soil and/or groundwater handling procedures and/or 
include particular building design features in connection with development, construction and other property 
operations in order to achieve regulatory closure and/or ensure that contaminated materials are addressed in an 
appropriate manner.  In these situations, it is our practice to investigate the nature and extent of detected 
contamination, including potential issues associated with vapor intrusion concerns and/or potential contaminant 
migration to or from the subject property in ground water, assess potential liability risks and estimate the costs of 
required response actions and special handling procedures.  We then use this information as part of our decision-
making process with respect to the acquisition, deal structure and/or development of the property.  For example, we 
own a parcel in Massachusetts which was formerly used as a quarry/asphalt batching facility.  Pre-purchase testing 
indicated that the site contained relatively low levels of certain contaminants.  We have developed an office park on 
this property.  Prior to and during redevelopment activities, we engaged a specially licensed environmental 
consultant to monitor environmental conditions at the site and prepare necessary regulatory submittals based on the 
results of an environmental risk characterization.  A submittal has been made to the regulatory authorities in order to 
achieve regulatory closure at this site.  The submittal included an environmental deed restriction that mandates 
compliance with certain protective measures in a portion of the site where low levels of residual soil contamination 
have been left in place in accordance with applicable laws. 
We expect that resolution of the environmental matters described above will not have a material impact on our 
business, assets, financial condition, results of operations or liquidity.  However, we cannot assure you that we have 
identified all environmental liabilities at our properties, that all necessary remediation actions have been or will be 
undertaken at our properties, that we will be indemnified, in full or at all, or that we will have insurance coverage in 
the event that such environmental liabilities arise. 
Corporate Governance
BXP is currently governed by an eleven-member Board of Directors.  The current members of the Board of 
Directors of BXP are Bruce W. Duncan, Carol B. Einiger, Diane J. Hoskins, Mary E. Kipp, Joel I. Klein, Douglas T. 
Linde, Matthew J. Lustig, Timothy J. Naughton, Owen D. Thomas, William H. Walton III, and Derek A. (Tony) West.  
All directors of BXP stand for election for one-year terms expiring at the next succeeding annual meeting of 
stockholders. 
Owen D. Thomas currently serves as the Chairman of BXP’s Board of Directors and Joel I. Klein serves as our 
Lead Independent Director.  The Board of Directors of BXP also has Audit, Compensation, Nominating and 
Corporate Governance and Sustainability Committees.  The membership of each of these committees is described 
below.
  
Audit
 
Compensation
 
Nominating and
Corporate 
Governance
Sustainability
Bruce W. Duncan
X
(1)
X
X
Carol B. Einiger
  
X
 
 
 
X
Diane J. Hoskins
X
X
(1)
Mary E. Kipp
X
X
Joel I. Klein*
  
 
 
X
(1)
 
Douglas T. Linde
X
Matthew J. Lustig
X
(1)
X
Timothy J. Naughton
X
X
Owen D. Thomas (2)
X
William H. Walton III
X
Derek A. (Tony) West
X
 
*=Lead Independent Director, X=Committee member, (1)=Committee Chair, (2)=Chairman of BXP’s Board of 
Directors
  
18

BXP has the following corporate governance documents and procedures in place:
•
The Board of Directors has adopted charters for each of its Audit, Compensation and Nominating and 
Corporate Governance Committees.  A copy of each of these charters is available on our website at 
http://www.bxp.com under the heading “Investors” and subheading “Governance.” 
•
The Board of Directors has adopted Corporate Governance Guidelines, a copy of which is available on 
our website at http://www.bxp.com under the heading “Investors” and subheading “Governance” with the 
name “Governance Guidelines.”
•
The Board of Directors has adopted a Code of Business Conduct and Ethics, which governs business 
decisions made and actions taken by BXP’s directors, officers and employees.  A copy of this code is 
available on our website at http://www.bxp.com under the heading “Investors” and subheading 
“Governance” with the name “Code of Business Conduct and Ethics.”  BXP intends to disclose on this 
website any amendment to, or waiver of, any provisions of this Code applicable to the directors and 
executive officers of BXP that would otherwise be required to be disclosed under the rules of the SEC or 
the New York Stock Exchange.  
•
The Board of Directors has established an ethics reporting system that employees may use to 
anonymously report possible violations of the Code of Business Conduct and Ethics, including concerns 
regarding questionable accounting, internal accounting controls or auditing matters, by telephone or over 
the internet.
•
The Board of Directors has adopted a Policy on Political Spending, a copy of which is available on our 
website at http://www.bxp.com under the heading “Investors” and the subheading “Governance” with the 
name “Policy on Political Spending.”  The Board of Directors amended this Policy in January 2025 to 
provide that, beginning in fiscal year 2025, we will disclose all political spending (including amounts less 
then $25,000) on our website and shall make such disclosures biannually.  
Competition
We compete in the leasing of premier workplace, retail and residential space with a considerable number of 
other real estate companies, some of which may have greater marketing and financial resources than are available 
to us.  In addition, our hotel property competes for guests with other hotels, some of which may have greater 
marketing and financial resources than are available to us and to the manager of our one hotel, Marriott 
International, Inc. 
Principal factors of competition in our primary business of owning, acquiring and developing premier 
workplaces are the quality of properties, leasing terms (including rent and other charges and allowances for tenant 
improvements), attractiveness and convenience of location, the quality and breadth of client services and amenities 
provided, and reputation as an owner and operator of premier workplaces in the relevant market.  Additionally, our 
ability to compete depends upon, among other factors, trends in the national and local economies, investment 
alternatives, financial condition and operating results of current and prospective clients, availability and cost of 
capital, construction and renovation costs, taxes, utilities, governmental regulations, legislation and population 
trends. 
In addition, we currently have seven residential properties (including one under construction) and may in the 
future decide to acquire or develop additional residential properties.  As an owner, we will also face competition for 
prospective residents from other operators/owners whose properties may be perceived to offer a better location or 
better amenities or whose rent may be perceived as a better value given the quality, location and amenities that the 
resident seeks.  We will also compete against condominiums and single-family homes that are for sale or rent.  
Because the scale of our residential portfolio is relatively small, we expect to continue to retain third parties to 
manage our residential properties.
Our Hotel Property
We operate our hotel property through a taxable REIT subsidiary.  The taxable REIT subsidiary, a wholly-
owned subsidiary of BPLP, is the lessee pursuant to a lease for the hotel property.  As lessor, BPLP is entitled to a 
percentage of gross receipts from the hotel property.  The hotel lease is intended to provide the economic benefits 
of ownership of the underlying real estate to flow to us as rental income, while our taxable REIT subsidiary earns 
  
19

the profit or loss from operating the property as a hotel.  Marriott International, Inc. continues to manage the hotel 
property under the Marriott name and under terms of the existing management agreements.  Marriott has been 
engaged under a separate long-term incentive management agreement to operate and manage the hotel on behalf 
of the taxable REIT subsidiary. 
Item 1A.  Risk Factors.
Set forth below are the risks that we believe are material to our investors and they should be carefully 
considered.  Throughout this section, we refer to the equity and debt securities of both BXP and BPLP as our 
“securities,” and the investors who own securities of BXP, BPLP or both, as our “securityholders.”  These risks are 
not all of the risks we face and other factors not presently known to us or that we currently believe are immaterial 
may also affect our business if they occur.  This section contains forward-looking statements.  You should refer to 
the explanation of the qualifications and limitations on forward-looking statements beginning on page 52.
Risks Related to Our Business and Operations
Our performance depends upon the economic conditions, particularly the supply and demand 
characteristics, of our markets—Boston, Los Angeles, New York, San Francisco, Seattle and Washington, 
DC.
Substantially all of our revenue is derived from properties located in six markets: Boston, Los Angeles, New 
York, San Francisco, Seattle and Washington, DC.  A downturn in the economies of these markets, or the impact 
that a downturn in the overall national economy may have upon these economies, could result in reduced demand 
for office space and/or a reduction in rents.  Because our portfolio consists primarily of premier workplace buildings 
(as compared to a more diversified real estate portfolio), a decrease in demand for workplaces in turn could 
adversely affect our results of operations.  Additionally, there are submarkets within our markets that are dependent 
upon a limited number of industries.  For example, in our Washington, DC market, we focus on leasing our 
properties to governmental contractors and legal firms.  In our West Coast market, our leasing is focused on clients 
in the technology and media industries, as well as legal firms.  In addition, in our New York market, we have 
historically leased properties to financial, legal and other professional firms.  A reduction in spending by the Federal 
Government, sustained changes in space utilization due to remote work models, and/or a significant downturn in 
one or more of the foregoing sectors have resulted in, and could continue to result in, reduced demand for office 
space and adversely affect our results of operations.  
In addition, a significant economic downturn over a period of time could result in an event or change in 
circumstances that results in an impairment of a long-lived asset or an “other than temporary” impairment in the 
value of our investments in unconsolidated joint ventures.  For the year ended December 31, 2024, we recognized 
an impairment of a long-lived asset of approximately $13.6 million and “other than temporary” impairments in the 
value of three of our investments in unconsolidated joint ventures aggregating approximately $341.3 million.  For 
additional information on these impairments, see Notes 3 and 6 to the Consolidated Financial Statements.  Any 
future impairments could have a material adverse effect on our results of operations in the period in which the 
charge is taken.
Market and economic volatility due to adverse economic and political conditions, health crises or 
dislocations in the credit markets could have a material adverse effect on our results of operations, 
financial condition and ability to pay dividends and/or distributions. 
Our business may be adversely affected by market and economic volatility experienced by the U.S. and global 
economies, the real estate industry as a whole and/or the local economic conditions in the markets in which our 
properties are located.  Such adverse economic and political conditions may include, among other issues, continued 
inflation, elevated interest rates, policy changes by the new presidential administration, prolonged labor market 
challenges impacting the recruitment and retention of talent, volatility in the public equity and debt markets, and 
international economic and other conditions, including pandemics, geopolitical instability and other conditions 
beyond our control.  These current conditions, or similar conditions existing in the future, may adversely affect our 
results of operations, financial condition and ability to pay dividends and distributions as a result of the following, 
among other potential consequences: 
•
federal policy changes by the new presidential administration, such as the implementation of tariffs that 
could result in global supply chain disruptions and/or continued inflation, which could negatively impact 
  
20

interest rates, potential changes to U.S. federal tax laws and budgetary changes related to government 
leases;
•
the financial condition of our clients may be adversely affected, which may result in client defaults under 
leases due to bankruptcy, lack of liquidity, lack of funding, operational failures or for other reasons;
•
significant job losses and/or a sustained shift away from collective in-person work environments or 
relocations away from the markets in which we operate may occur, which could decrease overall 
demand for workplaces in the regions in which we operate and cause market rental rates and property 
values to be negatively impacted;
•
our inability to borrow on terms and conditions that we find acceptable, or at all, which could reduce our 
ability to pursue acquisition and development opportunities and refinance existing debt, reduce our 
returns from our acquisition and development activities and increase our future interest expense;
•
reduced values of our properties may limit our ability to dispose of assets at attractive prices or to obtain 
debt financing secured by our properties and may reduce the availability of unsecured loans;
•
the value and liquidity of our short-term investments and cash deposits could be reduced as a result of a 
deterioration of the financial condition of the institutions that hold our cash deposits or the institutions or 
assets in which we have made short-term investments, a dislocation of the markets for our short-term 
investments, increased volatility in market rates for such investments or other factors;
•
one or more lenders under our line of credit could refuse to fund their financing commitment to us or 
could fail and we may not be able to replace the financing commitment of any such lenders on favorable 
terms, or at all; and
•
to the extent we enter into derivative financial instruments, one or more counterparties to our derivative 
financial instruments could default on their obligations to us, or could fail, increasing the risk that we may 
not realize the benefits of these instruments.
Our success depends on key personnel whose continued service is not guaranteed. 
We depend on the efforts of key personnel, particularly Owen D. Thomas, Chief Executive Officer, Douglas T. 
Linde, President, Raymond A. Ritchey, Senior Executive Vice President, and Michael E. LaBelle, Executive Vice 
President, Chief Financial Officer & Treasurer.  Among the reasons that Messrs. Thomas, Linde, Ritchey and 
LaBelle are important to our success is that each has a national reputation, which attracts business and investment 
opportunities and assists us in negotiations with lenders, joint venture partners and other investors.  If we lost their 
services, our relationships with lenders, potential clients and industry personnel could diminish.  
Our Regional Managers also have strong reputations.  Their reputations aid us in identifying opportunities, 
having opportunities brought to us, and negotiating with clients and build-to-suit prospects.  While we believe that 
we could find replacements for these key personnel, the loss of their services could materially and adversely affect 
our operations because of diminished relationships with lenders, prospective clients and industry personnel. 
Risks Related to Real Estate
Our performance and value are subject to risks associated with our real estate assets and with the real 
estate industry.
Our economic performance and the value of our real estate assets, and consequently the value of our 
securities, are subject to the risk that if our properties do not generate revenues sufficient to meet our operating 
expenses, including debt service and capital expenditures, our cash flow and ability to pay distributions to our 
securityholders will be adversely affected.  The following factors, among others, may adversely affect the income 
generated by our properties:
•
downturns in the national, regional and local economic conditions (particularly increases in 
unemployment);
•
changes in client preferences and space utilization from full-time, collective in-person work environments 
to hybrid or remote work models, which could decrease overall demand for workplaces and cause 
market rental rates and property values to be negatively impacted;
  
21

•
competition from other office, life sciences, hotel, retail and residential buildings;
•
local real estate market conditions, such as oversupply or reduction in demand for office, life sciences, 
hotel, retail or residential space;
•
changes in interest rates and availability of financing;
•
vacancies, changes in market rental rates and the need to periodically repair, renovate and re-let space;
•
delays in completion of development and redevelopment projects due to supply chain disruptions and 
labor shortages; 
•
increased costs to maintain, renovate and develop our properties related to inflation;
•
increased operating costs, including insurance expense, utilities, real estate taxes, state and local taxes 
and heightened security costs;
•
civil disturbances, earthquakes and other natural disasters or terrorist acts or acts of war which may 
result in uninsured or underinsured losses or decrease the desirability to our clients in impacted 
locations;
•
significant expenditures associated with each investment, such as debt service payments, real estate 
taxes (including reassessments and changes in tax laws), insurance and maintenance costs which are 
generally not reduced when circumstances cause a reduction in revenues from a property;
•
declines in the financial condition of our clients and our ability to collect rents from our clients; and
•
decreases in the underlying value of our real estate.
We face potential adverse effects from major clients’ bankruptcies or insolvencies.
The bankruptcy or insolvency of a major client may adversely affect the income produced by our properties.  
Our clients could file for bankruptcy protection or become insolvent in the future.  We cannot evict a client solely 
because of its bankruptcy.  On the other hand, a bankrupt client may reject and terminate its lease with us.  In such 
case, our claim against the bankrupt client for unpaid and future rent would be subject to a statutory cap that might 
be substantially less than the remaining rent actually owed under the lease, and, even so, our claim for unpaid rent 
would likely not be paid in full.  This shortfall could adversely affect our cash flow and results of operations.
Our properties face significant competition.
We face significant competition from developers, owners and managers of office, life sciences and residential 
properties and other commercial real estate, including sublease space available from our clients.  Substantially all of 
our properties face competition from similar properties in the same market.  This competition may affect our ability to 
attract and retain clients and may reduce the rents we are able to charge.  These competing properties may have 
vacancy rates higher than our properties, which may result in their owners being willing to lease available space at 
lower rates than the space in our properties.
We face potential difficulties or delays renewing leases or re-leasing space.
We derive most of our income from rent received from our clients. If a client experiences a downturn in its 
business or other types of financial distress, it may be unable to make timely rental payments.  Also, when our 
clients decide not to renew their leases, renew for less space or terminate early, we may not be able to re-let the 
space or there could be a substantial delay in re-letting the space.  Even if clients decide to renew or lease new 
space, the terms of renewals or new leases, including the cost of required renovations or concessions to clients, 
may be less favorable to us than current lease terms.  As a result, our cash flow could decrease and our ability to 
make distributions to our securityholders could be adversely affected.
Our actual costs to develop properties may exceed our budgeted costs.
We intend to continue to develop and substantially renovate office, life sciences, retail and residential 
properties.  Our current and future development and construction activities may be exposed to the following risks: 
•
we may be unable to proceed with the development of properties because we cannot obtain financing on 
favorable terms or at all;
  
22

•
we may incur construction costs for a development project that exceed our original estimates due to  
increased materials, labor, leasing or other costs, increases in interest rates, or supply chain disruptions, 
any of which could make completion of the project less profitable because market rents may not increase 
sufficiently to compensate for the increase in construction costs;
•
we may be unable to obtain, or face delays in obtaining, required zoning, land-use, building, occupancy, 
and other governmental permits and authorizations, which could result in increased costs and could 
require us to abandon our activities entirely with respect to a project;
•
we may abandon development opportunities after we begin to explore them and, as a result, we may 
lose deposits or fail to recover expenses already incurred;
•
we may expend funds on and devote management’s time to projects that we do not complete;
•
we may be unable to complete construction and/or leasing of a property on schedule or at all; and
•
we may suspend development projects after construction has begun due to changes in economic 
conditions or other factors, and this may result in the write-off of costs, payment of additional costs or 
increases in overall costs when the development project is restarted.
Investment returns from our developed properties may be less than anticipated. 
Our developed properties may be exposed to the following risks:
•
we may lease developed properties at rental rates that are less than projected, or at a slower pace than 
projected, at the time we decide to undertake the development; 
•
operating expenses and construction costs may be greater than projected at the time of development, 
resulting in our investment being less profitable than we expected; and
•
occupancy rates and rents at newly developed properties may fluctuate depending on a number of 
factors, including market and economic conditions, and may result in our investments being less 
profitable than we expected or not profitable at all.
We face risks associated with the development of mixed-use commercial and residential properties.
We operate, are currently developing, and may in the future develop, properties either alone or through joint 
ventures with other parties that are known as “mixed-use” properties.  For mixed-use developments, this means that 
in addition to the development of office space, the project may also include space for residential, retail, hotel or 
other commercial purposes.  We are also developing, and may in the future develop, residential buildings.  We have 
less experience in developing and managing non-office and non-retail real estate than we do with office real estate.  
As a result, if a development project includes a non-office or non-retail use, we may seek to develop that component 
ourselves, sell the rights to that component to a third-party developer with experience in that use or we may seek to 
partner with such a developer.  If we do not sell the rights or partner with such a developer, or if we choose to 
develop the other component ourselves, we would be exposed not only to those risks typically associated with the 
development of commercial real estate generally, but also to specific risks associated with the development and 
ownership of non-office and non-retail real estate.  In addition, even if we sell the rights to develop the other 
component or elect to participate in the development through a joint venture, we may be exposed to the risks 
associated with the failure of the other party to complete the development as expected.  These include the risk that 
the other party would default on its obligations necessitating that we complete the other component ourselves 
(including providing any necessary financing).  In the case of residential properties, these risks include competition 
for prospective residents from other operators whose properties may be perceived to offer a better location or better 
amenities or whose rent may be perceived as a better value given the quality, location and amenities that the 
resident seeks.  We will also compete against condominiums and single-family homes that are for sale or rent.  
Because we have less experience with residential properties than with office and retail properties, we expect to 
retain third parties to manage our residential properties.  If we hire a third party manager, we would be dependent 
on them and their key personnel who provide services to us and we may not find a suitable replacement if the 
management agreement is terminated, or if key personnel leave or otherwise become unavailable to us. 
  
23

Our use of joint ventures may limit our control over and flexibility with jointly owned investments and other 
assets we may wish to acquire.
In appropriate circumstances, we intend to acquire and recapitalize or develop, as applicable, properties in 
joint ventures with other parties.  We currently have joint ventures that are and are not consolidated within our 
financial statements.  Our participation in joint ventures subjects us to risks, including but not limited to, the following 
risks that:
•
our joint venture partners may have different objectives than we have regarding the appropriate timing 
and terms of any sale or refinancing of a property, its operation or, if applicable, the commencement of 
development activities, and a dispute with any of our joint venture partners could lead to the sale of a 
partner’s ownership interest in the venture or the property at a time or price that we do not find attractive;
•
some of our joint ventures are subject to debt and, depending on credit market conditions, the 
refinancing of such debt may require equity capital calls;
•
our joint venture partners may be structured differently than us for tax purposes and this could create 
conflicts of interest, including with respect to our compliance with the REIT requirements, and our REIT 
status could be jeopardized if any of our joint ventures do not operate in compliance with REIT 
requirements;
•
our joint venture partners may have competing interests in our markets that could create conflicts of 
interest;
•
our joint venture partners may default on their obligations, which could necessitate that we fulfill their 
obligations ourselves;
•
our joint ventures may be unable to repay any amounts that we may loan to them; 
•
our joint venture agreements may contain provisions limiting the liquidity of our interest for sale or sale of 
the entire asset;
•
as the general partner or managing member of a joint venture, we could be generally liable under 
applicable law for the debts and obligations of the venture, and we may not be entitled to contribution or 
indemnification from our partners;
•
our joint venture agreements may contain provisions that allow our partners to remove us as the general 
partner or managing member for cause, and this could result in liability for us to our partners under the 
governing agreement of the joint venture; and 
•
we may need our partner(s)’ approval to take certain actions and, therefore, we may be unable to cause 
a joint venture to implement decisions that we consider advisable. 
We face the risk that third parties will not be able to service or repay loans we make to them. 
From time to time, we have loaned and in the future may loan funds to (1) a third-party buyer to facilitate the 
sale of an asset by us to such third party, or (2) a third party in connection with the formation of a joint venture to 
acquire and/or develop a property.  Making these loans subjects us to the following risks, each of which could have 
a material adverse effect on our cash flow, results of operations and/or financial condition:
•
the third party may be unable to make full and timely payments of interest and principal on the loan when 
due;
•
if the third-party buyer to whom we provide seller financing does not manage the property well, or the 
property otherwise fails to meet financial projections, performs poorly or declines in value, then the buyer 
may not have the funds or ability to raise new debt with which to make required payments of interest and 
principal to us; 
•
if we loan funds to a joint venture, and the joint venture is unable to make required payments of interest 
or principal, or both, or there are disagreements with respect to the repayment of the loan or other 
matters, then we could have a resulting dispute with our partner(s), and such a dispute could harm our 
relationship(s) with our partner(s) and cause delays in developing or selling the property or the failure to 
properly manage the property; and
  
24

•
if we loan funds to a joint venture and the joint venture is unable to make required payments of interest 
and principal, or both, then we may exercise remedies available to us in the joint venture agreement that 
could allow us to increase our ownership interest or our control over major decisions, or both, which 
could result in an unconsolidated joint venture becoming consolidated with our financial statement; doing 
so could require us to reallocate the purchase price among the various asset and liability components 
and this could result in material changes to our reported results of operations and financial condition.
We face risks associated with property acquisitions. 
We have acquired in the past and intend to continue to pursue the acquisition of properties and portfolios of 
properties, including large portfolios that could increase our size and result in alterations to our capital structure.  
Our acquisition activities and their success are subject to the following risks: 
•
even if we enter into an acquisition agreement for a property, we may be unable to complete that 
acquisition after making a non-refundable deposit and incurring certain other acquisition-related costs;
•
we may be unable to obtain or assume financing for acquisitions on favorable terms or at all;
•
acquired properties may fail to perform as expected;
•
the actual costs of repositioning, redeveloping or maintaining acquired properties may be greater than 
our estimates;
•
the acquisition agreement will likely contain conditions to closing, including completion of due diligence 
investigations to our satisfaction or other conditions that are not within our control, which may not be 
satisfied;
•
acquired properties may be located in new markets, either within or outside the United States, where we 
may face risks associated with a lack of market knowledge or understanding of the local economy, lack 
of business relationships in the area, costs associated with opening a new regional office and 
unfamiliarity with local governmental and permitting procedures;
•
we may acquire real estate through the acquisition of the ownership entity subjecting us to the risks of 
that entity; and
•
we may be unable to quickly and efficiently integrate new acquisitions, particularly acquisitions of 
portfolios of properties, into our existing operations, and this could have an adverse effect on our results 
of operations and financial condition.
We have acquired in the past and in the future may acquire properties through the acquisition of first mortgage 
or mezzanine debt.  Investments in these loans must be carefully structured to ensure that BXP continues to satisfy 
the various asset and income requirements applicable to REITs.  If we fail to structure any such acquisition properly, 
BXP could fail to qualify as a REIT.  In addition, acquisitions of first mortgage or mezzanine loans subject us to the 
risks associated with the borrower’s default, including potential bankruptcy, and there may be significant delays and 
costs associated with the process of foreclosure on collateral securing or supporting these investments.  There can 
be no assurance that we would recover any or all of our investment in the event of such a default or bankruptcy. 
We have acquired in the past and in the future may acquire properties or portfolios of properties through tax 
deferred contribution transactions in exchange for partnership interests in BPLP.  This acquisition structure has the 
effect, among others, of reducing the amount of tax depreciation we can deduct over the tax life of the acquired 
properties, and typically requires that we agree to protect the contributors’ ability to defer recognition of taxable gain 
through restrictions on our ability to dispose of the acquired properties and/or the allocation of partnership debt to 
the contributors to maintain their tax bases.  These restrictions could limit our ability to sell an asset at a time, or on 
terms, that would be favorable absent such restrictions. 
Acquired properties may expose us to unknown liability. 
We may acquire properties or invest in joint ventures that own properties subject to liabilities and without any 
recourse, or with only limited recourse, against the prior owners or other third parties with respect to unknown 
liabilities.  As a result, if a liability were asserted against us based upon ownership of those properties, we might 
have to pay substantial sums to settle or contest it, which could adversely affect our results of operations and cash 
flow.  Unknown liabilities with respect to acquired properties might include: 
25

•
liabilities for clean-up of undisclosed environmental contamination;
•
claims by clients, vendors or other persons against the former owners of the properties;
•
liabilities incurred in the ordinary course of business; and
•
claims for indemnification by general partners, directors, officers and others indemnified by the former 
owners of the properties.
Competition for acquisitions may result in increased prices for properties. 
We plan to continue to acquire properties as we are presented with attractive opportunities.  We may face 
competition for acquisition opportunities with other investors, and this competition may adversely affect us by 
subjecting us to the following risks: 
•
we may be unable to acquire a desired property because of competition from other well-capitalized real 
estate investors, including publicly traded and private REITs, institutional investment funds and other real 
estate investors; and
•
even if we are able to acquire a desired property, competition from other real estate investors may 
significantly increase the purchase price.
We may have difficulty selling our properties, which may limit our flexibility. 
Properties like the ones that we own could be difficult to sell.  This may limit our ability to change our portfolio 
promptly in response to changes in economic or other conditions.  In addition, federal tax laws limit our ability to sell 
properties and this may affect our ability to sell properties without adversely affecting returns to our securityholders.  
These restrictions reduce our ability to respond to changes in the performance of our investments and could 
adversely affect our financial condition and results of operations. 
Our ability to dispose of some of our properties is constrained by their tax attributes.  Properties that we 
developed and have owned for a significant period of time or that we acquired through tax deferred contribution 
transactions in exchange for partnership interests in BPLP often have low tax bases.  Furthermore, as a REIT, BXP 
may be subject to a 100% “prohibited transactions” tax on the gain from dispositions of property if BXP is deemed to 
hold the property primarily for sale to customers in the ordinary course of business, unless the disposition qualifies 
under a safe harbor exception for properties that have been held for at least two years and with respect to which 
certain other requirements are met.  The potential application of the prohibited transactions tax could cause us to 
forego potential dispositions of property or other opportunities that might otherwise be attractive to us, or to 
undertake such dispositions or other opportunities through a taxable REIT subsidiary, which would generally result 
in income taxes being incurred.  If we dispose of these properties outright in taxable transactions, we may be 
required to distribute a significant amount of the taxable gain to our securityholders under the requirements of the  
Code applicable to REITs, which in turn would impact our future cash flow and may increase our leverage.  In some 
cases, without incurring additional costs we may be restricted from disposing of properties contributed in exchange 
for our partnership interests under tax protection agreements with contributors.  To dispose of low basis or tax-
protected properties efficiently we from time to time use like-kind exchanges, which are intended to qualify for non-
recognition of taxable gain, but can be difficult to consummate and result in the property for which the disposed 
assets are exchanged inheriting their low tax bases and other tax attributes (including tax protection covenants). 
Because we own a hotel property, we face the risks associated with the hospitality industry. 
The following factors, among others, are common to the hotel industry, and may reduce the receipts generated 
by our hotel property: 
•
our hotel property competes for guests with other hotels, a number of which may have greater marketing 
and financial resources than our hotel-operating business partners;
•
if there is an increase in operating costs resulting from inflation and other factors, our hotel-operating 
business partners may not be able to offset such increase by increasing room rates;
•
our hotel property is subject to the fluctuating and seasonal demands of business travelers and tourism; 
and
26

•
our hotel property is subject to general and local economic and social conditions that may affect demand 
for travel in general, including fluctuations in consumer spending, public health concerns, war and 
terrorism.
In addition, because our hotel property is located in Cambridge, Massachusetts, it is subject to the Cambridge 
market’s fluctuations in demand, increases in operating costs and increased competition from additions in supply. 
Failure to comply with Federal Government contractor requirements could result in substantial costs and 
loss of substantial revenue. 
As of December 31, 2024, the U.S. Government was one of our largest clients by square feet.  We are subject 
to compliance with a wide variety of complex legal requirements because we are a Federal Government contractor.  
These laws regulate how we conduct business, require us to administer various compliance programs and require 
us to impose compliance responsibilities on some of our contractors.  Our failure to comply with these laws could 
subject us to fines, penalties and damages, cause us to be in default of our leases and other contracts with the 
Federal Government and bar us from entering into future leases and other contracts with the Federal Government.  
There can be no assurance that these costs and loss of revenue will not have a material adverse effect on our 
properties, operations or business.
Changes in rent control or rent stabilization and eviction laws and regulations in our markets could have a 
material adverse effect on our residential portfolio’s results of operations and residential property values.
Various state and local governments have enacted, and may continue to enact, rent control or rent 
stabilization laws and regulations or take other actions that could limit our ability to raise rents or charge certain 
fees, such as pet fees or application fees.  Depending on the extent and terms of future enactments of rent control 
or rent stabilization laws and regulations, as well as any lawsuits against us arising from such issues, such future 
enactments could have a material adverse effect on our residential portfolio’s results of operations and the value of 
our residential properties.
State and local governments may also make changes to eviction and other tenants’ rights laws and 
regulations that could have a material adverse effect on our residential portfolio’s results of operations and the value 
of our residential properties.  If we are restricted from re-leasing apartment units due to the inability to evict 
delinquent residents, our results of operations and property values for our residential properties may be adversely 
affected.
We did not obtain new owner’s title insurance policies in connection with properties acquired during BXP’s 
initial public offering. 
We acquired many of our properties from our predecessors at the completion of BXP’s initial public offering in 
June 1997.  Before we acquired these properties, each of them was insured by a title insurance policy.  We did not 
obtain new owner’s title insurance policies in connection with the acquisition of these properties.  To the extent we 
have financed properties after acquiring them in connection with the initial public offering, we have obtained new 
title insurance policies, however, the amount of these policies may be less than the current or future value of the 
applicable properties.  Nevertheless, because in many instances we acquired these properties indirectly by 
acquiring ownership of the entity that owned the property and those owners remain in existence as our subsidiaries, 
some of these title insurance policies may continue to benefit us.  Many of these title insurance policies may be for 
amounts less than the current or future values of the applicable properties.  If there was a title defect related to any 
of these properties, or to any of the properties acquired at the time of the initial public offering of BXP, that is no 
longer covered by a title insurance policy, we could lose both our capital invested in and our anticipated profits from 
such property.  We have obtained title insurance policies for all properties that we have acquired after the initial 
public offering of BXP, however, these policies may be for amounts less than the current or future values of the 
applicable properties. 
Some potential losses are not covered by insurance. 
Our property insurance program per occurrence limits are $1.0 billion for our portfolio insurance program, 
including coverage for acts of terrorism other than nuclear, biological, chemical or radiological terrorism (“Terrorism 
Coverage”).  We also carry $1.35 billion of property insurance in excess of the $1.0 billion of coverage in our 
property insurance program for 601 Lexington Avenue, New York, New York, consisting of $750 million of property 
and Terrorism Coverage in excess of our property insurance program and $600 million of Terrorism Coverage only 
in excess of the $1.75 billion of coverage.  Certain properties, including the General Motors Building located at 767 
  
27

Fifth Avenue in New York, New York (“767 Fifth Avenue”), are currently insured in separate insurance programs.  
The property insurance program per occurrence limits for 767 Fifth Avenue are $1.625 billion, including Terrorism 
Coverage.  We also currently carry nuclear, biological, chemical and radiological terrorism insurance coverage for 
acts of terrorism certified under the Federal Terrorism Risk Insurance Act (as amended, “TRIA”) (“NBCR 
Coverage”), which is provided by IXP, LLC (“IXP”) as a direct insurer, for the properties in our portfolio, including 767 
Fifth Avenue, but excluding certain other properties owned in joint ventures with third parties or which we manage.  
The per occurrence limit for NBCR Coverage is $1.0 billion.  Under TRIA, after the payment of the required 
deductible and coinsurance, the NBCR Coverage provided by IXP is backstopped by the Federal Government if the 
aggregate industry insured losses resulting from a certified act of terrorism exceed a “program trigger.”  The 
program trigger is $200 million, the coinsurance is 20% and the deductible is 20% of the premiums earned by the 
insurer for the year prior to a claim.  If the Federal Government pays out for a loss under TRIA, it is mandatory that 
the Federal Government recoup the full amount of the loss from insurers offering TRIA coverage after the payment 
of the loss pursuant to a formula in TRIA.  We may elect to terminate the NBCR Coverage if the Federal 
Government seeks recoupment for losses paid under TRIA, if TRIA is not extended after its expiration on December 
31, 2027, if there is a change in our portfolio or for any other reason.  We intend to continue to monitor the scope, 
nature and cost of available terrorism insurance.
We also currently carry earthquake insurance on our properties located in areas known to be subject to 
earthquakes.  Specifically, we currently carry earthquake insurance which covers our San Francisco and Los 
Angeles regions with a $330 million per occurrence limit, and a $330 million annual aggregate limit, $30 million of 
which is provided by IXP, as a direct insurer.  This insurance is subject to a deductible in the amount of 5% of the 
value of the affected property.  In addition, we currently carry earthquake insurance which covers our Seattle region 
with a $110 million per occurrence limit, and a $110 million annual aggregate limit.  This insurance is subject to a 
deductible in the amount of 2% of the value of the affected property.  The amount of our earthquake insurance 
coverage may not be sufficient to cover losses from earthquakes.  In addition, the amount of earthquake coverage 
could impact our ability to finance properties subject to earthquake risk.  We may discontinue earthquake insurance 
or change the structure of our earthquake insurance program on some or all of our properties in the future if the 
premiums exceed our estimation of the value of the coverage.
IXP, a captive insurance company which is a wholly-owned subsidiary, acts as a direct insurer with respect to 
a portion of our earthquake insurance coverage for our Greater San Francisco and Los Angeles properties and our 
NBCR Coverage.  Insofar as we own IXP, we are responsible for its liquidity and capital resources, and the 
accounts of IXP are part of our consolidated financial statements.  In particular, if a loss occurs which is covered by 
our NBCR Coverage but is less than the applicable program trigger under TRIA, IXP would be responsible for the 
full amount of the loss without any backstop by the Federal Government.  IXP would also be responsible for any 
recoupment charges by the Federal Government in the event losses are paid out and its insurance policy is 
maintained after the payout by the Federal Government.  If we experience a loss and IXP is required to pay under 
its insurance policy, we would ultimately record the loss to the extent of the required payment.  Therefore, insurance 
coverage provided by IXP should not be considered as the equivalent of third-party insurance, but rather as a 
modified form of self-insurance.  In addition, BPLP has issued a guarantee to cover liabilities of IXP in the amount of 
$20.0 million.
We continue to monitor the state of the insurance market in general, and the scope and costs of coverage for 
acts of terrorism, earthquakes, pandemics and cybersecurity incidents, in particular, but we cannot anticipate what 
coverage will be available on commercially reasonable terms in future policy years.  There are other types of losses, 
such as from wars, for which we cannot obtain insurance at all or at a reasonable cost.  With respect to such losses 
and losses from acts of terrorism, earthquakes, pandemics or other catastrophic events, if we experience a loss that 
is uninsured or that exceeds policy limits, we could lose the capital invested in the damaged properties, as well as 
the anticipated future revenues from those properties.  Depending on the specific circumstances of each affected 
property, it is possible that we could be liable for mortgage indebtedness or other obligations related to the property.  
Any such loss could materially and adversely affect our business, financial condition and results of operations.
Actual or threatened terrorist attacks may adversely affect our ability to generate revenues and the value of 
our properties. 
We have significant investments in large metropolitan markets that have been or may be in the future the 
targets of actual or threatened terrorism attacks, including Boston, Los Angeles, New York, San Francisco, Seattle 
and Washington, DC.  As a result, some clients in these markets may choose to relocate their businesses to other 
markets or to lower-profile office buildings within these markets that may be perceived to be less likely targets of 
future terrorist activity.  This could result in an overall decrease in the demand for office space in these markets 
  
28

generally or in our properties in particular, which could increase vacancies in our properties or necessitate that we 
lease our properties on less favorable terms or both.  In addition, future terrorist attacks in these markets could 
directly or indirectly damage our properties, both physically and financially, or cause losses that materially exceed 
our insurance coverage.  As a result of the foregoing, our ability to generate revenues and the value of our 
properties could decline materially.  See also “—Some potential losses are not covered by insurance.” 
We face risks associated with security breaches, incidents, and compromises through cyber-attacks, cyber 
intrusions or otherwise, as well as other significant disruptions of our information technology (IT) networks 
and related systems. 
We face risks associated with security breaches, incidents, and compromises, whether through cyber attacks 
or cyber intrusions over the internet, malware, computer viruses, attachments to e-mails, persons inside our 
organization or persons with access to systems inside our organization, social engineering tactics, and other 
significant disruptions of our IT networks and related systems.  The risk of a security breach, incident, compromise, 
or disruption, particularly through cyber attack or cyber intrusion, including by computer hackers, foreign 
governments and cyber terrorists, has generally increased as the number, intensity and sophistication of attempted 
attacks and intrusions from around the world have increased.  Our IT networks and related systems are essential to 
the operation of our business and our ability to perform day-to-day operations (including managing our building 
systems and accounting for our business operations) and, in some cases, may be critical to the operations of 
certain of our clients. 
Although we make efforts to maintain the security and integrity of our IT networks and related systems, and we 
have implemented various measures designed to manage the risk of a security breach, incident, compromise or 
disruption, there can be no assurance that our security efforts and measures will be effective or that attempted 
security breaches, incident, compromise or disruptions would not be successful or damaging.  Even the most well-
protected information, networks, systems and facilities remain potentially vulnerable because the techniques used in 
such attempted security breaches evolve and generally are not recognized until launched against a target, and in 
some cases, are designed not be detected and, in fact, may not be detected.  Accordingly, we may be unable to 
anticipate these techniques or to implement adequate security barriers or other preventative measures, and thus it 
is impossible for us to entirely mitigate this risk.  
Like other businesses, we have been, and expect to continue to be, subject to attempts at unauthorized 
access of our network, mishandling or misuse, computer viruses or malware, cyber attacks and intrusions and other 
events of varying degrees.  To date, these events have not, individually or in the aggregate, materially affected our 
operations or business.  However, a security breach, incident, compromise or other significant disruption involving 
our IT networks and related systems could: 
•
disrupt the proper functioning of our networks and systems and therefore our operations and/or those of 
certain of our clients; 
•
result in misstated financial reports, violations of loan covenants, missed reporting deadlines and/or 
missed permitting deadlines; 
•
result in our inability to properly monitor our compliance with the rules and regulations regarding BXP’s 
qualification as a REIT; 
•
result in the unauthorized access to, and destruction, loss, theft, misappropriation or release of, 
proprietary, confidential, sensitive or otherwise valuable information of ours or others, which others could 
use to compete against us or which could expose us to damage and claims or threats by third-parties for 
disruptive, destructive or otherwise harmful purposes and outcomes; 
•
result in our inability to maintain the building systems relied upon by our clients for the efficient use of 
their leased space; 
•
require significant management attention and resources to remedy any damages that result; 
•
subject us to claims for breach of contract, damages, credits, penalties or termination of leases or other 
agreements or subject us to litigation and regulatory investigations and related fines and penalties; 
•
be uninsured or exceed policy limits, increase operating costs, including insurance expenses, or make 
future cyber risk coverage unavailable on commercially reasonable terms; and 
  
29

•
damage our reputation among our clients and investors generally. 
Any one or more of the foregoing could have a material adverse effect on our results of operations, financial 
condition and cash flows.  Refer to Part I, Item 1C. Cybersecurity in this Form 10-K for more information.
The use of technology based on artificial intelligence and machine learning presents risks and challenges 
that may adversely affect our business and results of operations.
We use artificial intelligence and machine learning technology (collectively, “AI”) capabilities with the goal of 
enhancing efficiencies in conducting our business.  Our deployment and application of AI remains ongoing.  While 
these AI tools hold promise in optimizing our work processes and driving efficiencies, they also present risks, 
challenges and unintended consequences that could adversely affect our business and results of operations or 
those of our clients.  These include, but are not limited to: 
•
the release, leak or disclosure of proprietary, confidential, sensitive or otherwise valuable information as 
a result of or in connection with our use of AI tools, 
•
the incorporation of AI by our clients, vendors, contractors and other third-parties into their products or 
services, with or without our knowledge, in a manner that could give rise to issues pertaining to data 
privacy, information security and intellectual property considerations, and
•
the evolving legal regulations relating to AI, which may require significant resources to modify and 
maintain business practices to comply with applicable law or otherwise result in legal or regulatory action 
or create additional liabilities, the nature of which cannot be determined at this time.  
While we aim to use AI responsibly and securely and attempt to mitigate ethical and legal issues presented by 
its use, we may ultimately be unsuccessful in identifying or resolving issues before they arise.  There can be no 
assurance that we will properly implement AI, and the failure to do so could have a material adverse effect on our 
results of operations or financial condition.  
We face risks associated with our clients and contractual counterparties being designated “Prohibited 
Persons” by the Office of Foreign Assets Control. 
Pursuant to Executive Order 13224 and other laws, the Office of Foreign Assets Control of the United States 
Department of the Treasury (“OFAC”) maintains a list of persons designated as terrorists or who are otherwise 
blocked or banned (“Prohibited Persons”).  OFAC regulations and other laws prohibit conducting business or 
engaging in transactions with Prohibited Persons (the “OFAC Requirements”).  Certain of our loan and other 
agreements require us to comply with OFAC Requirements.  We have established a compliance program whereby 
clients and others with whom we conduct business are checked against the OFAC list of Prohibited Persons prior to 
entering into any agreement and on a periodic basis thereafter.  Our leases and other agreements, in general, 
require the other party to comply with OFAC Requirements.  If a client or other party with whom we contract is 
placed on the OFAC list we may be required by the OFAC Requirements to terminate the lease or other agreement.  
Any such termination could result in a loss of revenue or a damage claim by the other party that the termination was 
wrongful. 
The outbreak of highly infectious or contagious diseases could adversely impact or cause disruption to our 
financial condition, results of operations, cash flows and liquidity and that of our clients.  
Public health crises such as pandemics or similar outbreaks could adversely impact our business.  The full 
extent to which any future pandemic or similar outbreak may impact our operations and those of our clients will 
depend on future developments, which are highly uncertain and cannot be predicted.  Factors related to any public 
health crises that could have a material adverse effect on our results of operations and financial condition include:
•
changes made by companies in response to a pandemic that could lead to a sustained shift away from 
collective in-person work environments or relocations away from the markets in which we operate, either 
of which could adversely affect the overall demand for workplaces in the regions in which we operate;
•
reduced economic activity and/or supply chain disruptions or delays in delivery of products, services or 
other materials necessary for our clients that impact our clients’ businesses, financial condition or 
liquidity may cause, one or more of our clients to be unable to meet their obligations to us, including their 
ability to make timely rental payments, in full or at all, or to otherwise seek modifications of such 
  
30

obligations, including rent concessions, deferrals or abatements, or to declare bankruptcy.  Any one or 
more of the foregoing could:
•
reduce our cash flows,
•
adversely impact our ability to finance, refinance or sell a property,
•
adversely impact our ability to continue paying distributions to our securityholders at current levels, 
or at all, and
•
result in additional legal and other costs to enforce our rights, collect rent and/or re-lease the space 
occupied by the distressed client;
•
the degree to which our clients’ businesses are negatively impacted could require us to write-off a client’s 
accrued rent balance and this could have a material adverse effect on our results of operations and 
liquidity;
•
new laws, governmental policies, and similar actions, including legal restrictions on prosecutions, could 
adversely impact public safety and thereby adversely affect (1) the desirability of clients to lease space in 
our properties or markets, and (2) businesses’ office re-population plans;
•
the impact of a pandemic could result in an event or change in circumstances that results in an 
impairment in the value of our properties or our investments in unconsolidated joint ventures, and any 
such impairment could have a material adverse effect on our results of operations in the periods in which 
the charge is taken;
•
we may be unable to restructure or amend leases with certain of our clients on terms favorable to us or 
at all;
•
the impact and validity of interpretations of lease provisions and applicable laws related to claims by 
clients regarding their obligations to pay rent as a result of a pandemic, and any adverse court rulings or 
decisions interpreting these provisions and laws, could have a material adverse effect on our results of 
operations and liquidity;
•
the impact of governmental and business travel limitations and restrictions could result in temporary or 
sustained periods of decreased demand for hotel stays at our hotel property;
•
the extent of labor shortages, disruptions in the supply chains, inflation impacting costs of materials, 
delays in permitting or inspections, and other factors could result in our failure to meet the development 
milestones set forth in any applicable lease agreement, which could provide the client the right to 
terminate its lease or entitle the client to monetary damages, delay the commencement or completion of 
construction and our anticipated lease-up plans for a development/redevelopment project or our overall 
development pipeline, including recognizing revenue for new leases, that may cause returns on 
investment to be less than projected, and/or increase the costs of construction of new or existing 
projects, any of which could adversely affect our investment returns, profitability and/or our future growth; 
and
•
the potential that business interruption, loss of rental income and/or other associated expenses related to 
our operations will not be covered in whole or in part by our insurance policies, which may increase 
unreimbursed liabilities.
We face risks associated with climate change and severe weather events, as well as the regulatory efforts 
intended to reduce the effects of climate change. 
The physical effects of climate change could have a material adverse effect on our properties, operations and 
business.  For example, many of our properties are located along the East and West coasts, particularly those in the 
central business districts of Boston, Los Angeles, New York, San Francisco, Seattle and Washington, DC.  To the 
extent climate change causes changes in weather patterns, our markets could experience increases in storm 
intensity, extreme temperatures, rising sea-levels, extreme drought and/or wildfires.  Over time, these conditions 
could result in declining demand for office space in our buildings or increased costs associated with infrastructure-
related remediation projects.  Climate change may also have indirect effects on our business by making property 
insurance unavailable or by increasing the cost of (i) property insurance on terms we find acceptable, (ii) real estate 
taxes or other assessments, (iii) energy and (iv) property maintenance.  In addition, we face transition risks related 
to federal, state and local legislation and regulations that are being implemented, are under consideration to 
31

mitigate the effects of climate change or that require increased environmental disclosures and reporting.  The costs 
of complying with evolving regulatory requirements, including GHG emissions regulations and policies, could 
negatively impact our financial results.
For additional discussion regarding our approach to climate resiliency and our continued commitment to 
transparent reporting of sustainability performance indicators, see “Item 1. Business—Business and Growth 
Strategies—Sustainability” and our annual Sustainability & Impact Report available on our website at http://
www.bxp.com under the heading “Commitment.”
Potential liability for environmental contamination could result in substantial costs.
Under federal, state and local environmental laws, ordinances and regulations, we may be required to 
investigate and clean up the effects of releases of hazardous or toxic substances or petroleum products at or 
migrating from our properties simply because of our current or past ownership or operation of the real estate.  If 
unidentified environmental problems arise, we may have to make substantial payments, which could adversely 
affect our cash flow and our ability to make distributions to our securityholders, because: as owner or operator we 
may have to pay for property damage and for investigation and clean-up costs incurred in connection with the 
contamination; the law typically imposes clean-up responsibility and liability regardless of whether the owner or 
operator knew of or caused the contamination; even if more than one person may be responsible for the 
contamination, each person who shares legal liability under the environmental laws may be held responsible for all 
of the clean-up costs; and governmental entities and third parties may sue the owner or operator of a contaminated 
site for damages and costs.
These costs could be substantial and in extreme cases could exceed the amount of our insurance or the value 
of the contaminated property.  We currently carry environmental insurance in an amount and subject to deductibles 
that we believe are commercially reasonable.  Specifically, we carry a pollution legal liability policy with a $20 million 
limit per incident and a policy aggregate limit of $40 million.  The presence or migration of hazardous or toxic 
substances or petroleum products or the failure to properly remediate contamination may give rise to third-party 
claims for bodily injury, property damage and/or response costs and may materially and adversely affect our ability 
to borrow against, sell or rent an affected property.  In addition, applicable environmental laws create liens on 
contaminated sites in favor of the government for damages and costs it incurs in connection with contamination.  
Changes in laws, regulations and practices and their implementation increasing the potential liability for 
environmental conditions existing at our properties, or increasing the restrictions on the handling, storage or 
discharge of hazardous or toxic substances or petroleum products or other actions may result in significant 
unanticipated expenditures.
Environmental laws also govern the presence, maintenance and removal of asbestos and other building 
materials.  For example, laws require that owners or operators of buildings containing asbestos: 
•
properly manage and maintain the asbestos;
•
notify and train those who may come into contact with asbestos; and
•
undertake special precautions, including removal or other abatement, if asbestos would be disturbed 
during renovation or demolition of a building.
Such laws may impose fines and penalties on building owners or operators who fail to comply with these 
requirements and may allow third parties to seek recovery from owners or operators for personal injury associated 
with exposure to asbestos fibers. 
Some of our properties are located in urban and previously developed areas where fill or current or historic 
industrial uses of the areas have caused site contamination.  It is our policy to retain independent environmental 
consultants to conduct or update Phase I environmental site assessments and asbestos surveys with respect to our 
acquisition of properties.  These assessments generally include a visual inspection of the properties and the 
surrounding areas, an examination of current and historical uses of the properties and the surrounding areas and a 
review of relevant state, federal and historical documents, but do not involve invasive techniques such as soil and 
ground water sampling.  Where appropriate, on a property-by-property basis, our practice is to have these 
consultants conduct additional testing, including sampling for asbestos, for lead and other contaminants in drinking 
water and, for soil and/or groundwater contamination where underground storage tanks are or were located or 
where other past site usage creates a potential environmental problem.  Even though these environmental 
assessments are conducted, there is still the risk that: 
  
32

•
the environmental assessments and updates did not identify or properly address all potential 
environmental liabilities;
•
a prior owner created a material environmental condition that is not known to us or the independent 
consultants preparing the assessments;
•
new environmental liabilities have developed since the environmental assessments were conducted; and
•
future uses or conditions such as changes in applicable environmental laws and regulations could result 
in environmental liability for us.
Inquiries about indoor air quality may necessitate special investigation and, depending on the results, 
remediation beyond our regular indoor air quality testing and maintenance programs.  Indoor air quality issues can 
stem from inadequate ventilation, chemical contaminants from indoor or outdoor sources, and biological 
contaminants such as molds, pollen, viruses and bacteria.  Indoor exposure to chemical or biological contaminants 
can be alleged to be connected to allergic reactions or other adverse health effects.  If these conditions were to 
occur at one of our properties, we may be subject to third-party claims for personal injury, or may need to undertake 
a targeted remediation program, including without limitation, special cleaning measures and steps to increase 
indoor ventilation rates and eliminate sources of contaminants.  Such remediation programs could be costly, 
necessitate the temporary relocation of some or all of the property’s clients or require rehabilitation of the affected 
property. 
Compliance or failure to comply with the Americans with Disabilities Act or other safety regulations and 
requirements could result in substantial costs. 
The Americans with Disabilities Act generally requires that certain buildings, including office buildings, 
residential buildings and hotels, be made accessible to disabled persons.  Noncompliance could result in the 
imposition of fines by the federal government or the award of damages to private litigants.  If, under the Americans 
with Disabilities Act, we are required to make substantial alterations and capital expenditures in one or more of our 
properties, including the removal of access barriers, it could adversely affect our financial condition and results of 
operations, as well as the amount of cash available for distribution to our securityholders. 
Our properties are subject to various federal, state and local regulatory requirements, such as state and local 
fire and life safety requirements.  If we fail to comply with these requirements, we could incur fines or private 
damage awards.  We do not know whether existing requirements will change or whether compliance with future 
requirements will require significant unanticipated expenditures that will affect our cash flow and results of 
operations. 
Any future international activities will be subject to special risks and we may not be able to effectively 
manage our international business. 
We have underwritten, and in the future may acquire, properties, portfolios of properties or interests in real 
estate-related entities on a strategic or selective basis in international markets that are new to us.  If we acquire 
properties or platforms located in these markets, we will face risks associated with a lack of market knowledge and 
understanding of the local economy, forging new business relationships in the area and unfamiliarity with local laws 
and government and permitting procedures.  In addition, our international operations will be subject to the usual 
risks of doing business abroad such as possible revisions in tax treaties or other laws and regulations, including 
those governing the taxation of our international income, restrictions on the transfer of funds and uncertainty over 
terrorist activities.  We cannot predict the likelihood that any of these developments may occur.  Further, we may in 
the future enter into agreements with non-U.S. entities that are governed by the laws of, and are subject to dispute 
resolution in the courts of, another country or region.  We cannot accurately predict whether such a forum would 
provide us with an effective and efficient means of resolving disputes that may arise. 
Investments in international markets may also subject us to risks associated with funding increasing 
headcount, integrating new offices, and establishing effective controls and procedures to regulate the operations of 
new offices and to monitor compliance with U.S. laws and regulations such as the Foreign Corrupt Practices Act 
and similar foreign laws and regulations, such as the U.K. Bribery Act.
  
33

We may be subject to risks from potential fluctuations in exchange rates between the U.S. dollar and the 
currencies of the other countries in which we invest. 
If we invest in countries where the U.S. dollar is not the national currency, we will be subject to international 
currency risks from the potential fluctuations in exchange rates between the U.S. dollar and the currencies of those 
other countries.  A significant depreciation in the value of the currency of one or more countries where we have a 
significant investment may materially affect our results of operations.  We may attempt to mitigate any such effects 
by borrowing in the currency of the country in which we are investing and, under certain circumstances, by hedging 
exchange rate fluctuations; however, access to capital may be more restricted, or unavailable on favorable terms or 
at all, in certain locations.  For leases denominated in international currencies, we may use derivative financial 
instruments to manage the international currency exchange risk.  We cannot assure you, however, that our efforts 
will successfully neutralize all international currency risks. 
Risks Related to Our Indebtedness and Financing
Elevated interest rates have, and may continue to increase our interest costs on variable rate debt and 
could adversely impact our ability to refinance existing debt or sell assets on favorable terms or at all. 
As of February 21, 2025, we had $2.4 billion outstanding indebtedness, excluding our unconsolidated joint 
ventures, that bears interest at a variable rate, and we may incur more indebtedness in the future.  Approximately 
$0.9 billion of our variable rate debt has all been hedged with interest rates swaps to fix SOFR for all, or a portion of 
the applicable debt term.  Interest rates remained elevated throughout 2024 and are expected to remain elevated 
through 2025.  As interest rates remain high, the interest costs on our unhedged variable rate debt have increased, 
which, if current rates are sustained or continue to increase, could adversely affect our cash flow and our ability to 
pay principal and interest on our debt and our ability to make distributions to our securityholders.  Further, elevated 
interest rates could limit our ability to refinance existing debt when it matures or significantly increase our future 
interest expense.  From time to time, we enter into interest rate swap agreements and other interest rate hedging 
contracts, including swaps, caps and floors.  While these agreements are intended to lessen the impact of rising 
interest rates on us, they also expose us to the risk that the other parties to the agreements will not perform, we 
could incur significant costs associated with the settlement of the agreements, the agreements will be 
unenforceable and the underlying transactions will fail to qualify as highly-effective cash flow hedges under 
guidance included in ASC 815 “Derivatives and Hedging.”  In addition, high interest rates could decrease the 
amounts third-parties are willing to pay for our assets, thereby limiting our ability to change our portfolio promptly in 
response to changes in economic or other conditions. 
Covenants in our debt agreements could adversely affect our financial condition.
The mortgages on our properties contain customary covenants such as those that limit our ability, without the 
prior consent of the lender, to further mortgage the applicable property or to modify or discontinue insurance 
coverage.  Our unsecured credit facility, unsecured debt securities and certain secured loans contain customary 
restrictions, requirements and other limitations on our ability to incur indebtedness, including total debt to asset 
ratios, secured debt to total asset ratios, debt service coverage ratios and minimum ratios of unencumbered assets 
to unsecured debt, which we must maintain.  Our continued ability to borrow under our credit facilities is subject to 
compliance with our financial and other covenants.  In addition, our failure to comply with such covenants could 
cause a default under the applicable debt agreement, and we may then be required to repay such debt with capital 
from other sources.  Under those circumstances, other sources of capital may not be available to us, or be available 
only on unattractive terms.  Additionally, in the future our ability to satisfy current or prospective lenders’ insurance 
requirements may be adversely affected if lenders generally insist upon greater insurance coverage against acts of 
terrorism or losses resulting from earthquakes than is available to us in the marketplace or on commercially 
reasonable terms. 
We rely on debt financing, including borrowings under our unsecured credit facility, issuances of unsecured 
debt securities and debt secured by individual properties, to finance our existing portfolio, our acquisition and 
development activities and for working capital.  If we are unable to obtain debt financing from these or other 
sources, or to refinance existing indebtedness upon maturity, our financial condition and results of operations would 
likely be adversely affected.  If we breach covenants in our debt agreements, the lenders can declare a default and, 
if the debt is secured, can take possession of the property securing the defaulted loan.  In addition, our unsecured 
debt agreements contain specific cross-default provisions with respect to specified other indebtedness, giving the 
unsecured lenders the right to declare a default if we are in default under other loans in some circumstances.  
Defaults under our debt agreements could materially and adversely affect our financial condition and results of 
operations. 
  
34

We face risks associated with the use of debt to fund acquisitions and developments, including refinancing 
risk. 
We are subject to the risks normally associated with debt financing, including the risk that our cash flow will be 
insufficient to meet required payments of principal and interest.  We anticipate that only a small portion of the 
principal of our debt will be repaid prior to maturity.  Therefore, we are likely to need to refinance at least a portion of 
our outstanding debt as it matures.  There is a risk that we may not be able to refinance existing debt or that the 
terms of any refinancing will not be as favorable as the terms of our existing debt.  If principal payments due at 
maturity cannot be refinanced, extended or repaid with proceeds from other sources, such as new equity capital, 
our cash flow may not be sufficient to repay all maturing debt in years when significant “balloon” payments come 
due.  In addition, we may rely on debt to fund a portion of our new investments such as our acquisition and 
development activity.  There is a risk that we may be unable to finance these activities on favorable terms or at all.  
These conditions, which increase the cost and reduce the availability of debt, may continue or worsen in the future. 
We have had and may in the future have agreements with a number of limited partners of BPLP who 
contributed properties in exchange for partnership interests that require BPLP to maintain for specified periods of 
time secured debt on certain of our assets and/or allocate partnership debt to such limited partners to enable them 
to continue to defer recognition of their taxable gain with respect to the contributed property.  These tax protection 
and debt allocation agreements may restrict our ability to repay or refinance debt.  As of December 31, 2024, we 
had one tax protection agreement that could restrict our ability to repay or finance debt.  
Our degree of leverage could limit our ability to obtain additional financing or affect the market price of our 
equity and debt securities. 
As of February 21, 2025, our Consolidated Debt was approximately $15.7 billion (excluding unconsolidated 
joint venture debt). 
The following table presents Consolidated Market Capitalization as well as the corresponding ratios of 
Consolidated Debt to Consolidated Market Capitalization (dollars and shares / units in thousands):
February 21, 2025
Shares / 
Units 
Outstanding
Common 
Stock 
Equivalent
Equivalent 
Value (1)
Common Stock
 
158,210 
 
158,210 
$ 10,894,341 
Common Operating Partnership Units
 
18,529 
 
18,529 
 
1,275,907 
(2)
Total Equity (A)
 
176,739 
$ 12,170,248 
Consolidated Debt (B)
$ 15,682,822 
Consolidated Market Capitalization (A + B)
$ 27,853,070 
Consolidated Debt/Consolidated Market Capitalization [B / (A + B)]
 56.31 %
_______________  
(1) Values are based on the closing price per share of BXP’s Common Stock on February 21, 2025 of $68.86.
(2) Includes LTIP Units (including 2012 OPP Units and earned MYLTIP Units that were granted between 2013 - 2022), but 
excludes MYLTIP Units granted between 2023 and 2025 because the performance period for those awards has not yet 
ended.
Our degree of leverage could affect our ability to obtain additional financing for working capital, capital 
expenditures, acquisitions, development or other general corporate purposes.  Our senior unsecured debt is 
currently rated investment grade by two major rating agencies.  However, there can be no assurance that we will be 
able to maintain these ratings.  In December 2023 and January 2024, our senior debt credit ratings were 
downgraded, although both remain investment grade.  In the event our senior debt is further downgraded from its 
current ratings, we would likely incur higher borrowing costs and/or difficulty in obtaining additional financing. Our 
degree of leverage could also make us more vulnerable to a downturn in business or the economy generally.  There 
is a risk that changes in our debt to market capitalization ratio, which is in part a function of BXP’s stock price, or 
BPLP’s ratio of indebtedness to other measures of asset value used by financial analysts may have an adverse 
effect on the market price of our equity or debt securities. 
  
35

We face risks associated with short-term liquid investments. 
We may invest cash balances in a variety of short-term investments that are intended to preserve principal 
value and maintain a high degree of liquidity while providing current income.  From time to time, these investments 
may include (either directly or indirectly): 
•
direct obligations issued by the U.S. Treasury;
•
obligations issued or guaranteed by the U.S. Government or its agencies;
•
taxable municipal securities;
•
obligations (including certificates of deposit) of banks and thrifts;
•
commercial paper and other instruments consisting of short-term U.S. dollar denominated obligations 
issued by corporations and banks;
•
repurchase agreements collateralized by corporate and asset-backed obligations;
•
both registered and unregistered money market funds; and
•
other highly rated short-term securities.
Investments in these securities and funds are not insured against loss of principal.  Under certain 
circumstances we may be required to redeem all or part of our investment, and our right to redeem some or all of 
our investment may be delayed or suspended.  In addition, there is no guarantee that our investments in these 
securities or funds will be redeemable at par value.  A decline in the value of our investment or a delay or 
suspension of our right to redeem may have a material adverse effect on our results of operations or financial 
condition. 
Risks Related to Our Organization and Structure
Conflicts of interest exist with holders of interests in BPLP. 
Sales of properties and repayment of related indebtedness will have different effects on holders of interests in 
BPLP than on BXP’s stockholders. 
Some holders of interests in BPLP could incur adverse tax consequences upon the sale of certain of our 
properties and on the repayment of related debt which differ from the tax consequences to BXP and its 
stockholders.  Consequently, such holders of partnership interests in BPLP may have different objectives regarding 
the appropriate pricing and timing of any such sale or repayment of debt.  While BXP has exclusive authority under 
the limited partnership agreement of BPLP to determine when to refinance or repay debt or whether, when, and on 
what terms to sell a property, subject, in the case of certain properties, to the contractual commitments described 
below, any such decision would require the approval of BXP’s Board of Directors.  While the Board of Directors has 
a policy with respect to these matters, directors and executive officers could exercise their influence in a manner 
inconsistent with the interests of some, or a majority, of BXP’s stockholders, including in a manner which could 
prevent completion of a sale of a property or the repayment of indebtedness.
Agreement not to sell some properties. 
We have had and may have in the future agreements with the contributors of properties that we have acquired 
in exchange for partnership interests in BPLP pursuant to which we have agreed not to sell or otherwise transfer the 
properties, prior to specified dates, in any transaction that would trigger taxable income to the contributors.  In 
addition, we are responsible for the reimbursement of certain tax-related costs to the prior owners if the subject 
properties are sold in a taxable sale.  In general, our obligations to the prior owners are limited in time and only 
apply to actual damages suffered. 
Also, BPLP has had and may have in the future agreements providing prior owners of properties with the right 
to guarantee specific amounts of indebtedness and, in the event that the specific indebtedness they guarantee is 
repaid or reduced, additional and/or substitute indebtedness.  These agreements may hinder actions that BPLP may 
otherwise desire to take to repay or refinance guaranteed indebtedness because doing so would require BPLP to 
make payments to the prior owners if BPLP violates these agreements. 
  
36

Limits on changes in control may discourage takeover attempts beneficial to stockholders. 
Provisions in BXP’s charter and bylaws, BXP’s shareholder rights agreement and the limited partnership 
agreement of BPLP, as well as provisions of the Code and Delaware corporate law, may: 
•
delay or prevent a change of control over BXP or a tender offer, even if such action might be beneficial to 
BXP’s stockholders; and
•
limit BXP’s stockholders’ opportunity to receive a potential premium for their shares of common stock 
over then-prevailing market prices.
Stock Ownership Limit 
To facilitate maintenance of BXP’s qualification as a REIT and to otherwise address concerns relating to 
concentration of stock ownership, BXP’s charter generally prohibits ownership, directly, indirectly or beneficially, by 
any single stockholder of more than 6.6% of the number of outstanding shares of any class or series of its common 
stock.  We refer to this limitation as the “ownership limit.”  BXP’s Board of Directors may waive, in its sole discretion, 
or modify the ownership limit with respect to one or more persons if it is satisfied that ownership in excess of this 
limit will not jeopardize BXP’s status as a REIT for federal income tax purposes.  In addition, under BXP’s charter, 
each of Mortimer B. Zuckerman and the respective families and affiliates of Mortimer B. Zuckerman and Edward H. 
Linde, as well as, in general, pension plans and mutual funds, may actually and beneficially own up to 15% of the 
number of outstanding shares of any class or series of BXP’s equity common stock.  Shares owned in violation of 
the ownership limit will be subject to the loss of rights to distributions and voting and other penalties.  The ownership 
limit may have the effect of inhibiting or impeding a change in control. 
BPLP’s Partnership Agreement 
BXP has agreed in the limited partnership agreement of BPLP not to engage in specified extraordinary 
transactions, including, among others, business combinations, unless limited partners of BPLP other than BXP 
receive, or have the opportunity to receive, either (1) the same consideration for their partnership interests as 
holders of BXP common stock in the transaction or (2) limited partnership units that, among other things, would 
entitle the holders, upon redemption of these units, to receive shares of common equity of a publicly traded 
company or the same consideration as holders of BXP common stock received in the transaction.  If these limited 
partners would not receive such consideration, we cannot engage in the transaction unless limited partners holding 
at least 75% of the common units of limited partnership interest, other than those held by BXP or its affiliates, 
consent to the transaction.  In addition, BXP has agreed in the limited partnership agreement of BPLP that it will not 
complete specified extraordinary transactions, including among others, business combinations, in which BXP 
receives the approval of its common stockholders unless (1) limited partners holding at least 75% of the common 
units of limited partnership interest, other than those held by BXP or its affiliates, consent to the transaction or (2) 
the limited partners of BPLP are also allowed to vote and the transaction would have been approved had these 
limited partners been able to vote as common stockholders on the transaction.  Therefore, if BXP’s common 
stockholders approve a specified extraordinary transaction, the partnership agreement requires the following before 
it can complete the transaction: 
•
holders of partnership interests in BPLP, including BXP, must vote on the matter;
•
BXP must vote its partnership interests in the same proportion as its stockholders voted on the 
transaction; and
•
the result of the vote of holders of partnership interests in BPLP must be such that had such vote been a 
vote of stockholders, the business combination would have been approved.
With respect to specified extraordinary transactions, BXP has agreed in BPLP’s partnership agreement to use 
its commercially reasonable efforts to structure such a transaction to avoid causing its limited partners to recognize 
gain for federal income tax purposes by virtue of the occurrence of or their participation in such a transaction.
As a result of these provisions, a potential acquirer may be deterred from making an acquisition proposal, and 
BXP may be prohibited by contract from engaging in a proposed extraordinary transaction, including a proposed 
business combination, even though BXP stockholders approve of the transaction. 
  
37

We may change our policies without obtaining the approval of our stockholders. 
Our operating and financial policies, including our policies with respect to acquisitions of real estate, growth, 
operations, indebtedness, capitalization and dividends, are exclusively determined by BXP’s Board of Directors.  
Accordingly, our securityholders do not control these policies.
Risks Related to BXP’s Status as a REIT
Failure to qualify as a REIT would cause BXP to be taxed as a corporation, which would substantially 
reduce funds available for payment of dividends. 
If BXP fails to qualify as a REIT for federal income tax purposes, it will be taxed as a corporation unless 
certain relief provisions apply.  We believe that BXP is organized and qualified as a REIT and intends to operate in a 
manner that will allow BXP to continue to qualify as a REIT.  However, we cannot assure you that BXP is qualified 
as such, or that it will remain qualified as such in the future.  This is because qualification as a REIT involves the 
application of highly technical and complex provisions of the Code as to which there are only limited judicial and 
administrative interpretations and involves the determination of facts and circumstances not entirely within our 
control.  Future legislation, new regulations, administrative interpretations or court decisions may significantly 
change the tax laws or the application of the tax laws with respect to qualification as a REIT for federal income tax 
purposes or the federal income tax consequences of such qualification. 
In addition, we currently hold certain of our properties through subsidiaries that have elected to be taxed as 
REITs and we may in the future determine that it is in our best interests to hold one or more of our other properties 
through one or more subsidiaries that elect to be taxed as REITs.  If any of these subsidiaries fails to qualify as a 
REIT for federal income tax purposes, then BXP may also fail to qualify as a REIT for federal income tax purposes. 
If BXP or any of its subsidiaries that are REITs fails to qualify as a REIT then, unless certain relief provisions 
apply, it will face serious tax consequences that will substantially reduce the funds available for payment of 
dividends for each of the years involved because: 
•
BXP would not be allowed a deduction for dividends paid to stockholders in computing its taxable 
income and would be subject to federal income tax at regular corporate rates;
•
BXP also could be subject to the federal alternative minimum tax for tax years ending before January 1, 
2018 and possibly increased state and local taxes; and
•
unless BXP is entitled to relief under statutory provisions, BXP could not elect to be subject to tax as a 
REIT for four taxable years following the year during which it was disqualified.
In addition, if BXP fails to qualify as a REIT and the relief provisions do not apply, it will no longer be required 
to pay dividends.  As a result of all these factors, BXP’s failure to qualify as a REIT could impair our ability to raise 
capital and expand our business, and it would adversely affect the value of BXP’s common stock.  If BXP or any of 
its subsidiaries that are REITs fails to qualify as a REIT but is eligible for certain relief provisions, then it may retain 
its status as a REIT, but may be required to pay a penalty tax, which could be substantial. 
In order to maintain BXP’s REIT status, we may be forced to borrow funds during unfavorable market 
conditions. 
In order to maintain BXP’s REIT status, we may need to borrow funds on a short-term basis to meet the REIT 
distribution requirements, even if the then-prevailing market conditions are not favorable for these borrowings.  To 
qualify as a REIT, BXP generally must distribute to its stockholders at least 90% of its taxable income each year, 
excluding capital gains and with certain other adjustments.  In addition, BXP will be subject to a 4% nondeductible 
excise tax on the amount, if any, by which dividends paid in any calendar year are less than the sum of 85% of 
ordinary income, 95% of capital gain net income and 100% of undistributed income from prior years.  We may need 
short-term debt or long-term debt or proceeds from asset sales, creation of joint ventures or sales of common stock 
to fund required distributions as a result of differences in timing between the actual receipt of income and the 
recognition of income for federal income tax purposes, or the effect of non-deductible capital expenditures, the 
creation of reserves or required debt or amortization payments.  Any inability of our cash flows to cover our 
distribution requirements could have an adverse impact on our ability to raise short- and long-term debt or sell 
equity securities in order to fund distributions required to maintain BXP’s REIT status. 
  
38

We may be subject to adverse legislative or regulatory tax changes that could negatively impact our 
financial condition.
At any time, the U.S. federal income tax laws governing REITs or the administrative interpretations of those 
laws may be amended, including with respect to our hotel ownership structure.  We cannot predict if or when any 
new U.S. federal income tax law, regulation, or administrative interpretation, or any amendment to any existing U.S. 
federal income tax law, Treasury regulation or administrative interpretation, will be adopted, promulgated or become 
effective and any such law, regulation, or interpretation may take effect retroactively.  BXP, its taxable REIT 
subsidiaries, and our securityholders could be adversely affected by any such change in, or any new, U.S. federal 
income tax law, Treasury regulation or administrative interpretation.
We face possible adverse state and local tax audits and changes in state and local tax laws.
Because BXP is organized and qualifies as a REIT, it is generally not subject to federal income taxes, but we 
are subject to certain state and local taxes.  In the normal course of business, certain entities through which we own 
real estate either have undergone, or are currently undergoing, tax audits.  Although we believe that we have 
substantial arguments in favor of our positions in the ongoing audits, in some instances there is no controlling 
precedent or interpretive guidance on the specific point at issue.  Collectively, tax deficiency notices received to date 
from the jurisdictions conducting the ongoing audits have not been material.  However, there can be no assurance 
that future audits will not occur with increased frequency or that the ultimate result of such audits will not have a 
material adverse effect on our results of operations.
From time to time changes in state and local tax laws or regulations are enacted, which may result in an 
increase in our tax liability.  A shortfall in tax revenues for states and municipalities in which we operate may lead to 
an increase in the frequency and size of such changes.  If such changes occur, we may be required to pay 
additional taxes on our assets or income.  These increased tax costs could adversely affect our financial condition 
and results of operations and the amount of cash available for the payment of dividends and distributions to our 
securityholders. 
General Risk Factors
Changes in market conditions could adversely affect the market price of BXP’s common stock. 
As with other publicly traded equity securities, the value of BXP’s common stock depends on various market 
conditions that may change from time to time.  Among the market conditions that may affect the value of BXP’s 
common stock are the following: 
•
the extent of investor interest in our securities;
•
the general reputation of REITs and the sentiment towards the office sector and the attractiveness of our 
equity securities in comparison to other equity securities, including securities issued by other real estate-
based companies;
•
our underlying asset value;
•
investor confidence in the stock and bond markets, generally;
•
national economic conditions;
•
changes in tax laws;
•
our financial performance;
•
changes in our credit ratings;
•
differences between the yields paid on other investments available in the market and BXP’s dividend 
yield; and
•
general stock and bond market conditions, including changes in interest rates.
The market value of BXP’s common stock is based primarily upon the market’s perception of our growth 
potential and our current and potential future earnings and cash dividends.  Consequently, BXP’s common stock 
may trade at prices that are greater or less than BXP’s net asset value per share of common stock.  If our future 
earnings or cash dividends are less than expected, it is likely that the market price of BXP’s common stock will 
diminish. 
  
39

Further issuances of equity securities may be dilutive to current securityholders. 
The interests of our existing securityholders could be diluted if additional equity securities are issued to 
finance future developments, acquisitions or repay indebtedness.  Our ability to execute our business strategy 
depends on our access to an appropriate blend of debt financing, including unsecured lines of credit and other 
forms of secured and unsecured debt, and equity financing, including common and preferred equity.
The number of shares available for future sale could adversely affect the market price of BXP’s stock. 
In connection with and subsequent to BXP’s initial public offering, we have completed many private placement 
transactions in which shares of stock of BXP or partnership interests in BPLP were issued to owners of properties 
we acquired or to institutional investors.  This common stock, or common stock issuable in exchange for such 
partnership interests in BPLP, may be sold in the public securities markets over time under registration rights we 
granted to these investors.  Additional common stock issuable under our employee benefit and other incentive 
plans, including as a result of the grant of stock options and restricted equity securities, may also be sold in the 
market at some time in the future.  Future sales of BXP common stock in the market could adversely affect the price 
of its common stock.  We cannot predict the effect the perception in the market that such sales may occur will have 
on the market price of BXP’s common stock. 
Our involvement in legal proceedings and other claims may result in substantial monetary and other costs 
that have a material adverse effect on our results of operations.
From time to time, we are involved in legal proceedings and other claims.  We may also be named as 
defendants in lawsuits allegedly arising out of our actions or the actions of our vendors, contractors, clients or other 
contractual parties in which such parties have agreed to indemnify, defend and hold us harmless from and against 
various claims, litigation and liabilities arising in connection with their respective businesses and/or added as an 
additional insured under certain insurance policies.  An unfavorable resolution of any legal proceeding or other claim 
could have a material adverse effect on our financial condition or results from operations.  Regardless of its 
outcome, legal proceedings and other claims may result in substantial costs and expenses and significantly divert 
the attention of our management.  With respect to any legal proceeding or other claim, there can be no assurance 
that we will be able to prevail, or achieve a favorable settlement or outcome, or that our insurance or the insurance 
and/or any contractual indemnities of our vendors, contractors, clients or other contractual parties will be enough to 
cover all of our defense costs or any resulting liabilities. 
Changes in accounting pronouncements could adversely affect our operating results, in addition to the 
reported financial performance of our clients. 
Accounting policies and methods are fundamental to how we record and report our financial condition and 
results of operations.  Uncertainties posed by various initiatives of accounting standard-setting by the Financial 
Accounting Standards Board and the Securities and Exchange Commission, which create and interpret applicable 
accounting standards for U.S. companies, may change the financial accounting and reporting standards or their 
interpretation and application of these standards that govern the preparation of our financial statements.  Changes 
include, but are not limited to, changes in revenue recognition, lease accounting and the adoption of accounting 
standards likely to require the increased use of “fair-value” measures. 
These changes could have a material impact on our reported financial condition and results of operations.  In 
some cases, we could be required to apply a new or revised standard retroactively, resulting in potentially material 
restatements of prior period financial statements.  Similarly, these changes could have a material impact on our 
clients’ reported financial condition or results of operations or could affect our clients’ preferences regarding leasing 
real estate. 
Item 1B.  Unresolved Staff Comments.
None.
Item 1C.  Cybersecurity.
Our information technology (“IT”) networks and related systems are essential to the efficient operation of our 
business and our ability to perform day-to-day operations (including managing our building systems and accounting 
for our business operations).  In some cases, our clients’ operations depend on our building systems.  The risk of a 
security breach, incident, compromise or disruption, particularly through cyber-attack or cyber intrusion, including by 
computer hackers, foreign governments and cyber terrorists, has generally increased as the number, intensity and 
  
40

sophistication of attempted attacks and intrusions from around the world have increased.  Like other businesses, we 
have been, and expect to continue to be, subject to attempts at unauthorized access of our network, mishandling or 
misuse, computer viruses or malware, cyber-attacks and intrusions and other events of varying degrees.  To date, 
these events have not, individually or in the aggregate, materially affected our operations or business.  In addition, 
we are not aware of any risks from cybersecurity threats, including as a result of any cybersecurity incidents, that 
have materially affected or are reasonably likely to materially affect our Company, including our business strategy, 
results of operations, or financial condition. See Item 1A. “Risk Factors” for additional discussion of the 
cybersecurity risks related to our Company.
Cybersecurity Risk Management & Strategy
We have implemented and maintain a cybersecurity program that is designed to identify, assess and manage 
risks from cybersecurity threats and was established by reference to the National Institute of Standards and 
Technology (“NIST”) Cybersecurity Framework.  The primary goal of our cybersecurity program is to prevent 
cybersecurity incidents to the extent feasible, while simultaneously increasing our system resilience in an effort to 
minimize the business impact should an incident occur.  We aim to take an active approach to monitoring and 
evaluating our cybersecurity threat environment and risk profile as part of our cybersecurity program, which is 
administered by our information systems (“IS”) department, led by our Senior Vice President, Chief Technology 
Officer (“CTO”) and Senior Vice President, Chief Information Officer (“CIO,” together with our CTO, “IS Leaders”).  
Our IS Leaders are primarily responsible for the direction and implementation of technology, applications and 
security at BXP.  Our CTO has extensive technology and program management experience with approximately 40 
years of technology experience, 26 years of which have been with BXP and a total of 30 years with publicly-traded 
REITs.  In January 2024, our IS leadership expanded to include our CIO, who has 30 years of technology 
experience developed across multiple industries, including commercial real estate, in guiding organizations through 
strategic initiatives that span technology, cybersecurity, and digital transformations.
We maintain written information security policies and procedures, including a Cybersecurity Incident Response 
Plan (“CIRP”) for incidents involving potential or actual compromises of information security.  Our CIRP is overseen 
by the cyber executive response team, which is chaired by our Vice President, Risk Management and includes 
representatives from our IS and legal departments.  In the event of a cybersecurity incident, we have implemented 
procedures to (i) mobilize third-party subject matter experts and (ii) notify executive leadership and the Audit 
Committee and/or the full Board of Directors, in each case, as appropriate. 
As part of our overall cybersecurity program, we also conduct:
•
Regular assessments of our cybersecurity program. We assess our cybersecurity program against the 
NIST Cybersecurity Framework through annual internal assessments, and, every two years, we engage 
a third-party consultant to conduct an additive cyber assessment.  These assessments review, among 
other things, our IT security measures and activities for alignment with the NIST Cybersecurity 
Framework.
•
Periodic penetration testing & vulnerability assessments. On an annual basis, we engage a third-party 
consultant to conduct two penetration tests per year.  We also conduct vulnerability assessments on a 
monthly basis.
•
Regular cybersecurity awareness trainings & simulations. We conduct cybersecurity awareness training 
for employees and primary on-site providers during onboarding, and thereafter, multiple times per year, 
and we conduct regular phishing simulations in an effort to raise awareness of spoofed or manipulated 
electronic communications and other security threats, as well as annual tabletop simulations. 
In addition, our internal audit function integrates the assessment and identification of cybersecurity-related 
risks into our annual overall enterprise risk assessment (“ERA”).  The ERA process is designed to assess and 
identify the key risks that management believes could adversely impact our business operations or impede the 
achievement of our business objectives, which includes an assessment of our cybersecurity program and the 
cybersecurity-related risks that we face.  To the extent the ERA identifies a heightened cybersecurity-related risk(s), 
we have implemented a process for the risk(s) to be presented to the Audit Committee and the full Board of 
Directors, as appropriate.  
We utilize certain third-party service providers to perform select functions.  These third-party service providers 
also face cybersecurity threats, and a cybersecurity incident impacting any of our third-party service providers could 
also indirectly affect our operations, performance and results of operations.  We have a data security committee, 
  
41

consisting of members from various BXP departments, including IS, legal and risk management, that meets 
periodically to assess, identify and manage cybersecurity risks related to certain third-party service providers and to 
protect our critical financial and sensitive business information, as well as personally identifiable information 
(collectively, “Sensitive Information”).  The data security committee has implemented processes for evaluating the 
risk profile of those service providers that handle or have access to Sensitive Information, which informs applicable 
contractual obligations with these service providers.  This evaluation, which occurs prior to onboarding, is designed 
to consider the nature of the services to be provided, the level of sensitivity and quantity of the information that the 
service provider handles or has access to, and the identity of the service provider. 
Cybersecurity Governance
Our Board of Directors is primarily responsible for risk oversight and discharges its responsibility directly or 
indirectly through its committees.  In general, our risk management is designed to be facilitated through a top-down 
and bottom-up communication structure whereby the Board and/or its committees provide oversight and direction, 
and management is charged with the day-to-day management of risks, regular assessment of the risk environment 
and regular reporting to the Board, which may include management reports and reports from outside advisors and 
consultants engaged by the Board, a specific committee or management, as appropriate.  This overall risk 
management and oversight framework includes risks related to cybersecurity threats.
Pursuant to its charter, the Audit Committee oversees senior management’s risk management processes 
related to assessing, identifying and managing cybersecurity risks in an effort to, among other things, help align our 
risk exposure with our strategic objectives.  The Audit Committee meets no less frequently than annually with our IS 
department to discuss, among other things, recent trends in cyber risks, cybersecurity incidents, if any, and our 
cybersecurity defense strategy to protect against cyber-attacks and intrusions.  These discussions with the Audit 
Committee are led by our IS Leaders and senior management.  The Audit Committee provides regular updates to 
the full Board of Directors on matters under its purview, including risk management and cybersecurity matters.
Item 2.  Properties.  
At December 31, 2024, we owned or had joint venture interests in 185 commercial real estate properties, 
aggregating approximately 53.3 million net rentable square feet of primarily premier workplaces, including seven 
properties under construction/redevelopment totaling approximately 2.3 million net rentable square feet.  Our 
properties consisted of (1) 163 office and life sciences properties (including five properties under construction/
redevelopment), (2) 14 retail properties (including one property under construction), (3) seven residential properties 
(including one property under construction) and (4) one hotel.  The table set forth below shows information relating 
to the properties we owned, or in which we had an ownership interest, at December 31, 2024, and it includes 
properties held by both consolidated and unconsolidated joint ventures. 
Office
767 Fifth Avenue (The GM 
Building) (60% ownership)
New York, NY
 92.1 %
 
1 
 1,970,335 
200 Clarendon Street
Boston, MA
 97.8 %
 
1 
 1,728,956 
601 Lexington Avenue (55% 
ownership)
New York, NY
 95.7 %
 
1 
 1,670,502 
399 Park Avenue
New York, NY
 99.9 %
 
1 
 1,567,470 
Salesforce Tower
San Francisco, CA
 98.0 %
 
1 
 1,420,682 
800 Boylston Street - The 
Prudential Center
Boston, MA
 96.4 %
 
1 
 1,274,927 
7 Times Square (formerly Times 
Square Tower) (55% 
ownership)
New York, NY
 80.7 %
 
1 
 1,238,599 
100 Federal Street (55% 
ownership)
Boston, MA
 89.0 %
 
1 
 1,233,537 
Colorado Center (50% 
ownership) (2)
Santa Monica, CA
 89.6 %
 
6 
 1,130,066 
599 Lexington Avenue
New York, NY
 95.8 %
 
1 
 1,106,335 
Properties
Location
% Occupied as of 
December 31, 2024 (1)
Number 
of 
Buildings
Net Rentable 
Square Feet
  
42

Santa Monica Business Park 
Santa Monica, CA
 80.6 %
 
14 
 1,104,967 
Reston Next
Reston, VA
 92.1 %
 
2 
 1,063,284 
250 West 55th Street
New York, NY
 97.4 %
 
1 
 
966,976 
Embarcadero Center Four
San Francisco, CA
 93.4 %
 
1 
 
942,640 
111 Huntington Avenue - The 
Prudential Center
Boston, MA
 100.0 %
 
1 
 
860,446 
200 Fifth Avenue (26.69% 
ownership) (2)
New York, NY
 100.0 %
 
1 
 
855,059 
Embarcadero Center One
San Francisco, CA
 69.6 %
 
1 
 
837,522 
Embarcadero Center Two
San Francisco, CA
 88.3 %
 
1 
 
801,498 
Atlantic Wharf Office (55% 
ownership)
Boston, MA
 95.4 %
 
1 
 
793,024 
Embarcadero Center Three
San Francisco, CA
 83.1 %
 
1 
 
785,911 
Gateway Commons (50% 
Ownership) (2) (3)
South San Francisco, CA
 70.5 %
 
5 
 
785,457 
Safeco Plaza (33.67% 
ownership) (2)
Seattle, WA
 83.8 %
 
1 
 
762,631 
Madison Centre
Seattle, WA
 79.5 %
 
1 
 
755,164 
7750 Wisconsin Avenue (50% 
ownership) (2)
Bethesda, MD
 100.0 %
 
1 
 
735,573 
Dock 72 (50% ownership) (2)
Brooklyn, NY
 42.7 %
 
1 
 
668,521 
100 Causeway Street (50% 
ownership) (2)
Boston, MA
 96.4 %
 
1 
 
633,818 
South of Market
Reston, VA
 99.6 %
 
3 
 
624,387 
Bay Colony Corporate Center
Waltham, MA
 77.8 %
 
2 
 
546,248 
Mountain View Research Park
Mountain View, CA
 60.7 %
 
15 
 
542,264 
Reservoir Place
Waltham, MA
 36.6 %
 
1 
 
526,215 
Fountain Square
Reston, VA
 95.1 %
 
2 
 
524,585 
680 Folsom Street
San Francisco, CA
 59.2 %
 
2 
 
522,406 
901 New York Avenue 
Washington, DC
 84.8 %
 
1 
 
508,130 
101 Huntington Avenue - The 
Prudential Center
Boston, MA
 99.0 %
 
1 
 
506,476 
145 Broadway
Cambridge, MA
 99.6 %
 
1 
 
490,086 
2100 Pennsylvania Avenue
Washington, DC
 94.2 %
 
1 
 
475,849 
2200 Pennsylvania Avenue
Washington, DC
 94.9 %
 
1 
 
459,811 
One Freedom Square
Reston, VA
 86.0 %
 
1 
 
427,646 
Two Freedom Square
Reston, VA
 99.8 %
 
1 
 
423,222 
140 Kendrick Street 
Needham, MA
 73.3 %
 
3 
 
418,600 
Market Square North (50% 
ownership) (2)
Washington, DC
 76.2 %
 
1 
 
417,298 
325 Main Street
Cambridge, MA
 91.2 %
 
1 
 
415,512 
The Hub on Causeway - Podium 
(50% ownership) (2)
Boston, MA
 94.8 %
 
1 
 
382,988 
One and Two Discovery Square
Reston, VA
 89.7 %
 
2 
 
366,989 
888 Boylston Street - The 
Prudential Center
Boston, MA
 100.0 %
 
1 
 
363,320 
Weston Corporate Center
Weston, MA
 100.0 %
 
1 
 
356,995 
510 Madison Avenue
New York, NY
 90.1 %
 
1 
 
352,589 
One Reston Overlook
Reston, VA
 91.3 %
 
1 
 
319,519 
535 Mission Street
San Francisco, CA
 67.8 %
 
1 
 
307,205 
Properties
Location
% Occupied as of 
December 31, 2024 (1)
Number 
of 
Buildings
Net Rentable 
Square Feet
  
43

Waltham Weston Corporate 
Center
Waltham, MA
 75.5 %
 
1 
 
301,611 
230 CityPoint
Waltham, MA
 97.7 %
 
1 
 
296,720 
Wisconsin Place Office
Chevy Chase, MD
 47.5 %
 
1 
 
294,525 
17Fifty Presidents Street 
Reston, VA
 100.0 %
 
1 
 
275,809 
Reston Corporate Center (4)
Reston, VA
 100.0 %
 
2 
 
261,046 
Democracy Tower
Reston, VA
 99.3 %
 
1 
 
259,441 
355 Main Street
Cambridge, MA
 99.3 %
 
1 
 
256,966 
1330 Connecticut Avenue
Washington, DC
 92.3 %
 
1 
 
252,262 
10 CityPoint
Waltham, MA
 97.1 %
 
1 
 
236,570 
510 Carnegie Center
Princeton, NJ
 65.6 %
 
1 
 
234,160 
500 North Capitol Street, N.W. 
(30% ownership) (2)
Washington, DC
 98.5 %
 
1 
 
230,900 
90 Broadway
Cambridge, MA
 100.0 %
 
1 
 
223,771 
255 Main Street
Cambridge, MA
 82.5 %
 
1 
 
215,394 
20 CityPoint
Waltham, MA
 98.1 %
 
1 
 
211,476 
77 CityPoint
Waltham, MA
 92.7 %
 
1 
 
209,382 
Sumner Square
Washington, DC
 95.6 %
 
1 
 
208,797 
University Place
Cambridge, MA
 100.0 %
 
1 
 
195,282 
North First Business Park (5)
San Jose, CA
 58.6 %
 
5 
 
190,636 
890 Winter Street
Waltham, MA
 70.6 %
 
1 
 
180,159 
150 Broadway
Cambridge, MA
 100.0 %
 
1 
 
177,226 
Capital Gallery
Washington, DC
 80.8 %
 
1 
 
176,824 
206 Carnegie Center
Princeton, NJ
 — %
 
1 
 
161,763 
210 Carnegie Center
Princeton, NJ
 33.2 %
 
1 
 
159,468 
Kingstowne Two
Alexandria, VA
 55.8 %
 
1 
 
156,005 
105 Broadway
Cambridge, MA
 100.0 %
 
1 
 
152,664 
212 Carnegie Center
Princeton, NJ
 82.4 %
 
1 
 
148,942 
214 Carnegie Center
Princeton, NJ
 62.9 %
 
1 
 
146,799 
2440 West El Camino Real
Mountain View, CA
 71.5 %
 
1 
 
142,711 
506 Carnegie Center
Princeton, NJ
 77.2 %
 
1 
 
139,050 
Two Reston Overlook
Reston, VA
 100.0 %
 
1 
 
134,615 
508 Carnegie Center
Princeton, NJ
 100.0 %
 
1 
 
134,433 
202 Carnegie Center
Princeton, NJ
 71.9 %
 
1 
 
134,068 
804 Carnegie Center
Princeton, NJ
 100.0 %
 
1 
 
130,000 
101 Carnegie Center
Princeton, NJ
 82.6 %
 
1 
 
122,791 
504 Carnegie Center
Princeton, NJ
 100.0 %
 
1 
 
121,990 
502 Carnegie Center
Princeton, NJ
 98.6 %
 
1 
 
121,460 
1265 Main Street (50% 
ownership) (2)
Waltham, MA
 100.0 %
 
1 
 
120,681 
701 Carnegie Center
Princeton, NJ
 100.0 %
 
1 
 
120,000 
104 Carnegie Center
Princeton, NJ
 35.6 %
 
1 
 
102,930 
103 Carnegie Center
Princeton, NJ
 64.6 %
 
1 
 
96,322 
Reservoir Place North
Waltham, MA
 100.0 %
 
1 
 
73,258 
32 Hartwell Avenue
Lexington, MA
 100.0 %
 
1 
 
69,154 
302 Carnegie Center
Princeton, NJ
 100.0 %
 
1 
 
64,926 
211 Carnegie Center
Princeton, NJ
 — %
 
1 
 
47,025 
92 Hayden Avenue
Lexington, MA
 100.0 %
 
1 
 
31,100 
Properties
Location
% Occupied as of 
December 31, 2024 (1)
Number 
of 
Buildings
Net Rentable 
Square Feet
  
44

453 Ravendale Drive
Mountain View, CA
 100.0 %
 
1 
 
29,620 
690 Folsom Street
San Francisco, CA
 100.0 %
 
1 
 
26,080 
201 Carnegie Center
Princeton, NJ
 100.0 %
 
— 
 
6,500 
Subtotal for Office Properties
 87.9 %
 
146 
 45,755,552 
Life Sciences
180 CityPoint
Waltham, MA
 43.2 %
 
1 
 
329,195 
200 West Street
Waltham, MA
 86.1 %
 
1 
 
273,365 
125 Broadway
Cambridge, MA
 100.0 %
 
1 
 
271,000 
880 Winter Street
Waltham, MA
 100.0 %
 
1 
 
243,618 
300 Binney Street (55% 
ownership)
Cambridge, MA
 93.7 %
 
1 
 
239,908 
751 Gateway (49% ownership) 
(2)
South San Francisco, CA
 100.0 %
 
1 
 
230,592 
153 & 211 Second Avenue
Waltham, MA
 18.5 %
 
2 
 
137,545 
103 CityPoint
Waltham, MA
 — %
 
1 
 
112,841 
33 Hayden Avenue
Lexington, MA 
 100.0 %
 
1 
 
80,876 
250 Binney Street
Cambridge, MA
 100.0 %
 
1 
 
67,362 
100 Hayden Avenue
Lexington, MA
 100.0 %
 
1 
 
55,924 
Subtotal for Life Sciences Properties
 77.2 %
 
12 
 2,042,226 
Retail
The Prudential Center (retail 
shops) 
Boston, MA
 89.5 %
 
1 
 
601,552 
Fountain Square Retail
Reston, VA
 95.2 %
 
1 
 
196,421 
Kingstowne Retail
Alexandria, VA
 100.0 %
 
1 
 
88,288 
Santa Monica Business Park 
Retail 
Santa Monica, CA
 77.2 %
 
7 
 
73,006 
Star Market at the Prudential 
Center
Boston, MA
 100.0 %
 
1 
 
60,015 
Avant Retail
Reston, VA
 100.0 %
 
1 
 
26,179 
The Point
Waltham, MA
 100.0 %
 
1 
 
16,300 
Subtotal for Retail Properties
 91.6 %
 
13 
 1,061,761 
Residential
Signature at Reston (508 units)
Reston, VA
 94.3 %
 
1 
 
517,783 
Skymark - Reston Next 
Residential
(508 units) (20% ownership) (2)
Reston, VA
 39.0 %
 
1 
 
417,036 
The Skylyne (402 units)
Oakland, CA
 90.8 %
 
1 
 
330,996 
Hub50House (440 units) (50% 
ownership) (2)
Boston, MA
 94.3 %
 
1 
 
320,444 
Proto Kendall Square (280 units)
Cambridge, MA
 94.3 %
 
1 
 
166,717 
The Lofts at Atlantic Wharf (86 
units)
Boston, MA
 98.8 %
 
1 
 
87,096 
Subtotal for Residential Properties
 81.2 % (6)
 
6 
 1,840,072 
(7)
Hotel
Boston Marriott Cambridge (437 
rooms)
Cambridge, MA
 77.2 % (8)
 
1 
 
334,260 
(9)
Subtotal for Hotel Property
 77.2 %
 
1 
 
334,260 
  
Subtotal for In-Service Properties
 87.5 %
 
178 
 51,033,871 
  
Properties
Location
% Occupied as of 
December 31, 2024 (1)
Number 
of 
Buildings
Net Rentable 
Square Feet
  
45

Properties Under Construction/Redevelopment (10)
Office
360 Park Avenue South 
(redevelopment) (71% 
ownership) (2) 
New York, NY
 23.0 %
 
1 
 
450,000 
(11)
Reston Next Office Phase II 
Reston, VA
 9.0 %
 
1 
 
90,000 
(12)
725 12th Street (redevelopment)
Washington, DC
 47.0 %
 
1 
 
320,000 
(13)
Laboratory/Life Sciences
651 Gateway (redevelopment) 
(50% ownership) (2)
South San Francisco, CA
 21.0 %
 
1 
 
327,000 
(14)
290 Binney Street (55% 
ownership)
Cambridge, MA
 100.0 %
 
1 
 
573,000 
Residential
121 Broadway Street (439 units)
Cambridge, MA
 — %
 
1 
 
492,000 
Retail
Reston Next Retail
Reston, VA
 13.0 %
 
1 
 
33,000 
Subtotal for Properties Under Construction/
Redevelopment
 50.3 % (15)
 
7 
 2,285,000 
  
Total Portfolio
 
185 
 53,318,871 
  
Properties
Location
% Occupied as of 
December 31, 2024 (1)
Number 
of 
Buildings
Net Rentable 
Square Feet
_______________
(1) Represents signed leases for in-service properties for which revenue recognition has commenced in accordance with 
accounting principles generally accepted in the United States (“GAAP”).
(2) Property is an unconsolidated joint venture.
(3) Includes 681 Gateway, which is a laboratory/life sciences property.
(4) Property was taken out of service on January 1, 2025.
(5) Property is held for redevelopment.  
(6) Percentage occupied is not included in the calculation of the Total Portfolio occupancy rate for In-Service Properties as of 
December 31, 2024.
(7) Includes 61,511 square feet of retail space that is approximately 79.2% occupied as of December 31, 2024.  This amount 
is not included in the calculation of the Total Portfolio occupancy rate for In-Service Properties as of December 31, 2024.
(8) Represents the weighted-average room occupancy for the year ended December 31, 2024.  This amount is not included 
in the calculation of the Total Portfolio occupancy rate for In-Service Properties as of December 31, 2024. 
(9) Includes 4,260 square feet of retail space that is 100% occupied as of December 31, 2024.  This amount is not included 
in   the calculation of the Total Portfolio occupancy rate for In-Service Properties as of December 31, 2024.
(10) Represents percentage leased as of February 21, 2025, including leases with future commencement dates.
(11) The property was 30% placed in-service as of December 31, 2024.
(12) The property was 6% placed in-service as of December 31, 2024.
(13) We acquired 725 12th Street, on December 27, 2024 for a purchase price, excluding transaction costs, of $34.0 million. 
Concurrently with the acquisition, a lease was executed for approximately 152,000 square feet of the redeveloped 
building.
(14) The property was 27% placed in-service as of December 31, 2024 and fully placed in-service on January 2, 2025.
(15) Total percentage occupied excludes Residential.
Percentage Occupied and Average Annualized Revenue per Square Foot for In-Service Properties 
The following table sets forth our percentage occupied and average annualized revenue per square foot on a 
historical basis for our In-Service Properties. 
December 31,
2024
2023
2022
2021
2020
Percentage occupied (1)
 87.5 %
 88.4 %
 88.6 %
 88.8 %
 90.1 %
Average annualized revenue per square foot (2)
 
$81.21 
 
$78.81 
 
$75.99 
 
$73.76 
 
$72.67 
_______________
(1) Represents signed leases, excluding hotel and residential properties, for which revenue recognition has commenced in 
accordance with GAAP.
  
46

(2) Represents the monthly contractual base rents and recoveries from clients under existing leases as of December 31, 
2024, 2023, 2022, 2021 and 2020 multiplied by twelve. These annualized amounts are before rent abatements and 
include expense reimbursements, which may be estimates as of such date. The aggregate amounts of rent abatements 
per square foot under existing leases as of December 31, 2024, 2023, 2022, 2021 and 2020 for the succeeding twelve-
month period were $2.14, $2.47, $1.56, $2.15, and $1.73, respectively.
Top 20 Clients by Square Feet 
Our 20 largest clients by square feet as of December 31, 2024 were as follows:
Client
Square Feet (1)
% of In-Service 
Portfolio (1)
1.
Salesforce
 
891,231 
 2.10 %
2.
Google
 
836,110 
 1.97 %
3.
Biogen
 
780,659 
 1.84 %
4.
Fannie Mae
 
710,121 
 1.67 %
5.
Akamai Technologies
 
658,578 
 1.55 %
6.
Snap
 
607,287 
 1.43 %
7.
Microsoft
 
599,200 
 1.41 %
8.
Ropes & Gray
 
539,467 
 1.27 %
9.
Kirkland & Ellis
 
461,470 
 1.09 %
10.
Integrated Holding Group
 
408,118 
 0.96 %
11.
Wellington Management
 
405,225 
 0.95 %
12.
Allen Overy Shearman Sterling
 
384,813 
 0.90 %
13.
Bain Capital
 
378,284 
 0.89 %
14.
Marriott
 
367,787 
 0.86 %
15.
Leidos
 
352,394 
 0.83 %
16.
Blue Cross Blue Shield
 
347,618 
 0.82 %
17.
Arnold & Porter Kaye Scholer
 
344,605 
 0.81 %
18.
WeWork
 
337,457 
 0.79 %
19.
US Government (2)
 
319,359 
 0.75 %
20.
Mass Financial Services
 
313,584 
 0.74 %
__________________
(1) Amounts are calculated based on our consolidated portfolio square feet, plus our share of the square feet from the 
unconsolidated joint ventures properties (calculated based on our ownership percentage), minus our partners’ share of 
square feet from our consolidated joint venture properties (calculated based upon the partners’ percentage ownership 
interests).
(2) Amount includes approximately 261,046 square feet that expired on December 31, 2024. 
Client Diversification
Our client diversification by square feet as of December 31, 2024 was as follows:
Sector
% of In-Service 
Portfolio (1)
Technology & Media
21.0%
Legal Services
17.1%
Financial Services - all other
14.4%
Life Sciences
8.9%
Real Estate & Insurance
8.7%
Other Professional Services
7.6%
Retail
6.2%
Financial Services - commercial & investment banking
5.7%
Manufacturing
4.7%
Government / Public Administration
3.0%
Other
2.7%
  
47

__________________
(1) Amounts are calculated based on our consolidated portfolio square feet, plus our share of the square feet from the 
unconsolidated joint ventures properties (calculated based on our ownership percentage), minus our partners’ share of 
square feet from our consolidated joint venture properties (calculated based upon the partners’ percentage ownership 
interests).
Lease Expirations (1)(2)
Year of Lease 
Expiration
Rentable 
Square Feet 
Subject to 
Expiring 
Leases
Current 
Annualized 
Contractual Rent 
Under Expiring 
Leases Without 
Future Step-Ups 
(3)
Current 
Annualized 
Contractual Rent 
Under Expiring 
Leases Without 
Future Step-Ups 
p.s.f. (3)
Current 
Annualized 
Contractual 
Rent Under 
Expiring Leases 
With Future Step-
Ups (4)
Current 
Annualized 
Contractual Rent 
Under Expiring 
Leases With 
Future Step-
Ups p.s.f. (4)
Percentage of 
Total Square 
Feet
2024 (5)(6)
 
390,847 
 
$23,744,643 
 
$60.75 
 
$23,744,643 
 
$60.75 
 0.80 %
2025
 
3,008,859 
 
222,083,017 
 
73.81 
 
223,088,525 
 
74.14 
 6.16 %
2026
 
1,864,176 
 
162,007,646 
 
86.91 
 
166,250,784 
 
89.18 
 3.82 %
2027
 
2,195,858 
 
167,767,975 
 
76.40 
 
171,678,763 
 
78.18 
 4.49 %
2028
 
3,570,229 
 
301,652,841 
 
84.49 
 
322,664,501 
 
90.38 
 7.31 %
2029
 
3,734,123 
 
286,076,134 
 
76.61 
 
310,701,506 
 
83.21 
 7.64 %
2030
 
2,735,795 
 
216,748,858 
 
79.23 
 
236,311,071 
 
86.38 
 5.60 %
2031
 
2,233,713 
 
196,900,223 
 
88.15 
 
214,966,960 
 
96.24 
 4.57 %
2032
 
2,885,652 
 
221,634,397 
 
76.81 
 
263,763,756 
 
91.41 
 5.91 %
2033
 
3,017,337 
 
232,252,971 
 
76.97 
 
275,703,917 
 
91.37 
 6.18 %
Thereafter
 16,801,943 
 
1,444,160,351 
 
85.95 
 
1,726,132,587 
 
102.73 
 34.39 %
 _______________
(1) Includes 100% of unconsolidated joint venture properties. Does not include residential units or the hotel. 
(2) Does not include data for leases expiring in a particular year when leases for the same space have already been signed 
with replacement clients with future commencement dates. In those cases, the data is included in the year in which the 
future lease with the replacement client expires.
(3) Represents the monthly contractual base rent and recoveries from clients under existing leases as of December 31, 
2024 multiplied by twelve. This amount reflects total rent before any rent abatements and includes expense 
reimbursements, which may be estimates as of such date.
(4) Represents the monthly contractual base rent under expiring leases with future contractual increases upon expiration 
and recoveries from clients under existing leases as of December 31, 2024 multiplied by twelve. This amount reflects 
total rent before any rent abatements and includes expense reimbursements, which may be estimates as of such date.
(5) Represents leases that expired on December 31, 2024.
(6) Includes 261,046 square feet related to Reston Corporate Center which was taken out of service on January 1, 2025.
Item 3.  Legal Proceedings.  
We are subject to various legal proceedings and claims that arise in the ordinary course of business.  Many of 
these matters are covered by insurance.  Management believes that the final outcome of such matters will not have 
a material adverse effect on our financial position, results of operations or liquidity.
Item 4.  Mine Safety Disclosures.
Not Applicable.  
  
48

PART II
Item 5.  Market for Registrant’s Common Equity, Related Stockholder Matters and Issuer Purchases of 
Equity Securities.
The common stock of BXP, Inc. is listed on the New York Stock Exchange under the symbol “BXP.”  At 
February 21, 2025, BXP had approximately 1,009 stockholders of record. 
There is no established public trading market for BPLP’s common units.  On February 21, 2025, there were 
approximately 344 holders of record and 176,738,933 common units outstanding, 158,209,602 of which were held 
by BXP.  
To maintain its qualification as a REIT, BXP must make annual distributions to its stockholders of at least 90% 
of its taxable income (not including net capital gains and with certain other adjustments).  BXP has adopted a policy 
of paying regular quarterly dividends on its common stock, and, as BPLP’s general partner, BXP has adopted a 
policy of paying regular quarterly distributions on common units of BPLP. 
Cash distributions have been paid on the common stock of BXP and BPLP’s common units since BXP’s initial 
public offering in 1997.  Distributions are declared at the discretion of the Board of Directors of BXP and depend on 
actual and anticipated cash from operations, our financial condition, capital requirements, the annual distribution 
requirements under the REIT provisions of the Code and other factors the Board of Directors of BXP may consider 
relevant.
Stock Performance Graph 
The following graph provides a comparison of cumulative total stockholder return for the period from 
December 31, 2019 through December 31, 2024, among BXP, Standard & Poor’s (“S&P”) 500 Index, FTSE Nareit 
Equity REIT Total Return Index (the “Equity REIT Index”) and the FTSE Nareit Office REIT Index (the “Office REIT 
Index”).  The Equity REIT Index includes all tax-qualified equity REITs listed on the New York Stock Exchange, the 
American Stock Exchange and the Nasdaq Stock Market.  Equity REITs are defined as those with 75% or more of 
their gross invested book value of assets invested directly or indirectly in the equity ownership of real estate.  The 
Office REIT Index includes all office REITs included in the Equity REIT Index.  Data for BXP, the S&P 500 Index, the 
Equity REIT Index and the Office REIT Index was provided to us by Nareit.  Upon written request, we will provide 
any stockholder with a list of the REITs included in the Equity REIT Index and the Office REIT Index.  The stock 
performance graph assumes an investment of $100 in each of BXP and the three indices, and the reinvestment of 
any dividends.  The historical information set forth below is not necessarily indicative of future performance.  The 
data shown is based on the share prices or index values, as applicable, at the end of each month shown.
BXP, Inc.
S&P 500 Index
Equity REIT Index
Office REIT Index
Dec. '19
Dec. '20
Dec. '21
Dec. '22
Dec. '23
Dec. '24
$60.00
$80.00
$100.00
$120.00
$140.00
$160.00
$180.00
$200.00
$220.00
  
49

 
 
As of the year ended December 31,
 
2019
2020
2021
2022
2023
2024
BXP, Inc.
$ 
100.00 
$ 
71.65 
$ 
90.43 
$ 
55.54 
$ 
61.55 
$ 
69.01 
S&P 500 Index
$ 
100.00 
$ 
118.40 
$ 
152.39 
$ 
124.79 
$ 
157.59 
$ 
197.02 
Equity REIT Index
$ 
100.00 
$ 
92.00 
$ 
131.78 
$ 
99.67 
$ 
113.35 
$ 
123.25 
Office REIT Index
$ 
100.00 
$ 
81.56 
$ 
99.51 
$ 
62.07 
$ 
63.34 
$ 
76.95 
BXP
(a) During the three months ended December 31, 2024, BXP issued an aggregate of 195,132 shares of 
common stock in exchange for 195,132 common units of limited partnership held by certain limited partners of 
BPLP. Of these shares, 178,705 shares were issued in reliance on an exemption from registration under Section 
4(a)(2) of the Securities Act of 1933, as amended. BXP relied on the exemption under Section 4(a)(2) based upon 
factual representations received from the limited partners who received the common shares.
(b) Not Applicable.
(c) Issuer Purchases of Equity Securities.
Period
(a)
Total Number 
of Shares of 
Common 
Stock
Purchased
(b)
Average Price 
Paid per 
Common 
Share
(c)
Total Number 
of Shares 
Purchased as 
Part of Publicly 
Announced 
Plans or 
Programs
(d)
Maximum 
Number (or 
Approximate 
Dollar Value) of 
Shares that 
May Yet be 
Purchased 
under the Plans 
or Programs
October 1, 2024 – October 31, 2024
 
— 
$ 
— 
N/A
N/A
November 1, 2024 – November 30, 2024
 
35 (1)
 
80.95 
N/A
N/A
December 1, 2024 – December 31, 2024
 
— 
 
— 
N/A
N/A
Total
 
35 
$ 
80.95 
N/A
N/A
____________________
(1) Represents shares of common stock of BXP surrendered by employees to BXP to satisfy such employees’ 
tax withholding obligations in connection with the vesting of restricted common stock.    
BPLP
(a) None.
(b) Not Applicable.
(c) Issuer Purchases of Equity Securities.
Period
(a)
Total Number 
of Units
Purchased
(b)
Average Price 
Paid per Unit
(c)
Total Number 
of Units 
Purchased as 
Part of Publicly 
Announced 
Plans or 
Programs
(d)
Maximum 
Number (or 
Approximate 
Dollar Value) of 
Units that May 
Yet be 
Purchased
October 1, 2024 – October 31, 2024
 
— 
$ 
— 
N/A
N/A
November 1, 2024 – November 30, 2024
 
1,568 (1)
 
0.25 
N/A
N/A
December 1, 2024 – December 31, 2024
 
— 
 
— 
N/A
N/A
Total
 
1,568 
$ 
0.25 
N/A
N/A
____________________
(1) Represents LTIP units that were repurchased by BPLP in connection with the termination of an employee’s 
employment with BXP.  Under the terms of the applicable LTIP unit vesting agreements, such LTIP units 
were repurchased at a price $0.25 per unit, which was the amount originally paid by such employee for 
such units.    
  
50

Item 6.  Reserved
Not applicable.
  
51

Item 7.  Management’s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations.
The following discussion should be read in conjunction with the financial statements and notes thereto 
appearing elsewhere in this report.
Forward Looking Statements
This Annual Report on Form 10-K, including the documents incorporated by reference herein, contain forward-
looking statements within the meaning of the federal securities laws, Section 27A of the Securities Act of 1933, as 
amended, and Section 21E of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended (the “Exchange Act”).  We intend 
these forward-looking statements to be covered by the safe harbor provisions for forward-looking statements 
contained in the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995, and we are including this statement for purposes 
of complying with those safe harbor provisions, in each case, to the extent applicable.  The forward-looking 
statements are contained principally, but not only, under the captions “Business—Business and Growth Strategies,” 
“Risk Factors” and “Management’s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations.”  We 
caution investors that forward-looking statements are based on current beliefs, expectations of future events and 
assumptions made by, and information currently available to, our management.  When used, the words “anticipate,” 
“believe,” “budget,” “could,” “estimate,” “expect,” “intend,” “may,” “might,” “plan,” “project,” “should,” “will” and similar 
expressions that do not relate solely to historical matters are intended to identify forward-looking statements.  These 
statements are subject to risks, uncertainties and assumptions and are not guarantees of future performance or 
occurrences, which may be affected by known and unknown risks, trends, uncertainties and factors that are, in 
some cases, beyond our control.  If one or more of these known or unknown risks or uncertainties materialize, or if 
underlying assumptions prove incorrect, actual results may differ materially from those expressed or implied by the 
forward-looking statements.  We caution you that, while forward-looking statements reflect our good-faith beliefs 
when we make them, they are not guarantees of future performance or occurrences and are impacted by actual 
events when they occur after we make such statements.  Accordingly, investors should use caution in relying on 
forward-looking statements, which are based on results, trends and assumptions at the time they are made, to 
anticipate future results or trends.
The most significant factors that may cause actual results to differ materially from those expressed or implied 
by the forward-looking statements include the risks and uncertainties related to adverse changes in general 
economic and capital market conditions, including inflation, increases in interest rates, supply chain disruptions, 
labor market disruptions, dislocation and volatility in capital markets, and potential longer-term changes in consumer 
and client behavior, sustained changes in client preferences and space utilization, as well as the other important 
factors below and the risks set forth in this Form 10-K in Part I, Item 1A.
Some of the risks and uncertainties that may cause our actual results, performance or achievements to differ 
materially from those expressed or implied by forward-looking statements include, among others, the following:
•
volatile or adverse global economic and political conditions, health crises and dislocations in the credit 
markets could adversely affect economic conditions and/or restrict our access to cost-effective capital, 
which could have a material adverse effect on our business opportunities, results of operations and 
financial condition;
•
general risks affecting the real estate industry (including, without limitation, the inability to enter into or 
renew leases on attractive terms, changes in client preferences and space utilization, dependence on 
clients’ financial condition, and competition from other developers, owners and operators of real estate);
•
failure to manage effectively our growth and expansion into new markets and sub-markets or to integrate 
acquisitions and developments successfully;
•
the ability of our joint venture partners to satisfy their obligations;
•
risks and uncertainties affecting property development and construction (including, without limitation, 
supply chain disruptions, labor shortages, construction delays, increased construction costs, cost 
overruns, inability to obtain necessary permits, client accounting considerations that may result in 
negotiated lease provisions that limit a client’s liability during construction, and public opposition to such 
activities);
•
risks associated with the availability and terms of financing and the use of debt to fund acquisitions and 
developments or refinance existing indebtedness, including the impact of higher interest rates on the 
cost and/or availability of financing;
  
52

•
risks associated with forward interest rate contracts and derivatives and the effectiveness of such 
arrangements;
•
risks associated with actual or threatened terrorist attacks;
•
costs of compliance with the Americans with Disabilities Act and other similar laws;
•
potential liability for uninsured losses and environmental contamination;
•
risks associated with climate change and severe weather events, as well as the regulatory efforts 
intended to reduce the effects of climate change;
•
risks associated with security breaches, incidents, and compromises through cyber-attacks, cyber 
intrusions or otherwise, as well as other significant disruptions of our information technology (IT) 
networks and related systems, which support our operations and our buildings; 
•
risks associated with legal proceedings and other claims that could result in substantial monetary 
damages and other costs;
•
risks associated with BXP’s potential failure to qualify as a REIT under the Internal Revenue Code of 
1986, as amended;
•
possible adverse changes in tax and environmental laws;
•
the impact of newly adopted accounting principles on our accounting policies and on period-to-period 
comparisons of financial results;
•
risks associated with possible state and local tax audits; and
•
risks associated with our dependence on key personnel whose continued service is not guaranteed.
The risks set forth above are not exhaustive.  Other sections of this report, including “Part I, Item 1A—Risk 
Factors,” include additional factors that could adversely affect our business and financial performance.  Moreover, 
we operate in a very competitive and rapidly changing environment.  New risk factors emerge from time to time and 
it is not possible for management to predict all risk factors, nor can we assess the impact of all risk factors on our 
business or the extent to which any factor, or combination of factors, may cause actual results to differ materially 
from those contained in any forward-looking statements.  Given these risks and uncertainties, investors should not 
unduly rely on forward-looking statements as a prediction of actual results.  Investors should also refer to our 
Quarterly Reports on Form 10-Q for future periods and Current Reports on Form 8-K as we file them with the SEC, 
and to other materials we may furnish to the public from time to time through Current Reports on Form 8-K or 
otherwise, for a discussion of risks and uncertainties that may cause our actual results, performance or 
achievements to differ materially from those expressed or implied by forward-looking statements.  We expressly 
disclaim any responsibility to update any forward-looking statements to reflect changes in underlying assumptions 
or factors, new information, future events, or otherwise, and you should not rely upon these forward-looking 
statements after the date of this report.
Overview
BXP is one of the largest publicly traded office real estate investment trusts (REITs) (based on total market 
capitalization as of December 31, 2024) in the United States that develops, owns, and manages primarily premier 
workplaces.  Our properties are concentrated in six dynamic gateway markets in the U.S. - Boston, Los Angeles, 
New York, San Francisco, Seattle and Washington, DC.  BPLP is the entity through which BXP conducts 
substantially all of its business and owns (either directly or through subsidiaries) substantially all of its assets.  We 
generate revenue and cash primarily by leasing premier workplaces to our clients.  When making leasing decisions, 
we consider, among other things, the creditworthiness of the client and the industry in which it conducts business, 
the length of the lease, the rental rate to be paid at inception and throughout the lease term, the amount of any 
security deposit or letter of credit posted by the client, the costs of tenant improvement allowances, free rent periods 
and other landlord concessions, anticipated operating expenses and real estate taxes, the date by which we expect 
to begin revenue recognition for the lease under GAAP, current and anticipated vacancy in our properties and the 
market overall (including sublease space), current and expected future demand for the space, the impact of other 
clients’ expansion rights and general economic factors.
We believe our key competitive advantages are our commitment to the office asset class and to our clients as 
many competitors have divested in the sector, a strong balance sheet with access to capital in the secured and 
unsecured debt markets and the private and public equity markets, and one of the highest quality portfolios of 
  
53

premier workplaces in the U.S. assembled over several decades of intentional development, acquisitions and 
dispositions.  Clients and their advisors are increasingly focused on these attributes for their building owners, which 
distinguishes BXP among its competitors.
We consider premier workplaces to be well-located buildings that are modern structures or have been 
modernized to compete with newer buildings, are professionally managed and maintained, and offer a number and 
type of amenities that are in high demand by clients that are focused on the importance of the physical work 
environment in recruiting and retaining the best and brightest employees.  As such, these properties attract 
creditworthy clients and command upper-tier rental rates in their markets.  We do not consider the expression 
“premier workplaces” a classification of our properties in accordance with any standard listing criteria in the real 
estate industry.  We therefore caution investors that our use and definition of “premier workplaces” may be different 
than the use and definition of similar expressions and traditional classifications that may be used by other 
companies.
Our core strategy has always been to develop, acquire and manage premier workplaces in gateway markets 
with high barriers-to-entry and attractive demand drivers and to focus on executing long-term leases with financially 
strong clients that are diverse across market sectors.  We believe this strategy provides a competitive advantage 
that helps BXP distinguish itself from competitors as our clients are interested in leasing space in vibrant, 
amenitized and accessible premier workplaces to encourage more in-person work.  This interest has accelerated 
the flight to quality in the office industry.  Over the past several years, BXP’s experience and performance has 
diverged from the larger market and media sentiment, as premier workplaces have outperformed the broader office 
market consistently and substantially in both rental rates achieved and occupancy.  We believe this divergence 
validates our strategy and differentiates BXP from other office companies.  
Premier workplaces in our five traditional central business district (“CBD”) markets (Boston, New York, San 
Francisco, Seattle and Washington, DC) have consistently outperformed the broader office market in those CBDs 
on several key metrics, including occupancy, net absorption levels, rental rates and landlord concessions.  This 
outperformance is evident in BXP’s portfolio where we derive approximately 88% of our share of annualized rental 
obligations from predominantly premier workplaces located in CBDs.  We define annualized rental obligations as the 
monthly contractual base rent (excluding percentage rent and rent abatements) and budgeted reimbursements from 
clients under existing leases as of December 31, 2024, multiplied by twelve.  Our share of annualized rental 
obligations is calculated as the consolidated amount, plus our share of the amount from our unconsolidated joint 
ventures (calculated based on our economic percentage ownership interest), less our partners’ share of the amount 
from our consolidated joint ventures (calculated based on the partners’ economic percentage ownership interest).  
As of December 31, 2024, these CBD assets are 90.9% occupied and 92.8% leased (including vacant space for 
which we have signed leases that have not yet commenced in accordance with generally accepted accounting 
principles (“GAAP”)).
As of December 31, 2024, the weighted-average remaining lease term for (1) our in-place leases, based on 
square feet, including those signed by our unconsolidated joint ventures but excluding residential units, was 
approximately 7.8 years, and (2) our 20 largest clients, based on square feet, was approximately 9.4 years.
Outlook
The important market forces impacting BXP continue to be corporate earnings growth, return-to-office 
behavior, limited new development starts and the outperformance of premier workplaces, all of which are currently 
serving as tailwinds to BXP’s performance.  Interest rates also remain a critical factor but are on a more uncertain 
trajectory.  Inflation rose in the last three months of 2024 to 2.9%, remaining above the Federal Reserve’s 2% 
target, and the December 2024 employment data indicated new job creation exceeded market expectations.  As a 
result, the Federal Reserve has become more cautious, lowering its forecast of Federal funds rate cuts in 2025.  In 
the fixed income markets, long-term interest rates have increased approximately 100 basis points since the Federal 
Reserve's first rate cut in September 2024.  Notwithstanding these uncertainties, we expect short-term interest rates 
to remain lower in 2025 compared to 2024, which would be a positive for both BXP and our clients' cost of capital. 
Though we are in the early stages of the new presidential administration, we believe many of the initial 
articulated policies are generally business friendly, particularly lower taxes and less regulation, which could build the 
confidence of our clients and, as a result, potentially stimulate leasing activities.
An area of concern with the new presidential administration's policies is the potential impact to interest rates, 
given that new tariffs, if implemented, could be inflationary and tax cuts without corresponding spending cuts could 
lead to longer fiscal deficits and higher long-term treasury yields in the debt markets.
  
54

The evolving operating environment impacts various aspects of our operating activities as:
•
labor market conditions shift, which has gradually increased employer demand for mandatory in-person 
workdays;
•
private market debt financing, both for construction and existing assets, continues to be challenging to 
arrange despite broader market improvements as lenders remain focused on top-tier sponsorship and 
derisked financing opportunities; and
•
construction costs have increased and, although much of the cost for our active development pipeline is 
fixed, the cost of potential future construction activity continues to increase.
In light of the uncertain trajectory of the U.S. and global economies, we continue to position BXP for success 
by ensuring ample liquidity, managing our leverage, pursuing additional capital raising opportunities and maintaining 
discipline in discretionary capital expenditures, while continuing to selectively invest (including through both 
acquisitions and developments) in premier workplace opportunities.  We remain focused on:
•
continuing to embrace our leadership position in the premier workplace segment and leveraging our 
strength in portfolio quality, client relationships, development skills, market penetration and sustainability 
to profitably build market share;
•
leasing available space in our in-service and development properties, as well as proactively focusing on 
future lease expirations;
•
completing the construction and leasing of our development properties;
•
pursuing attractive asset class adjacencies where we have a track record of success, such as residential 
development;
•
continuing to enhance the overall quality of our portfolio and actively recycling capital by selling assets, 
subject to market conditions, that we believe no longer fit within our portfolio strategy or could attract 
premium pricing in the current market;
•
actively managing our operations in a sustainable and responsible manner; and
•
prioritizing risk management by actively managing liquidity, investing more extensively with joint venture 
partners to manage our debt levels, and being highly selective in new investment commitments.
The following is an overview of leasing and investment activity in the fourth quarter of 2024 and recent 
business highlights.
Leasing Activity and Occupancy
To be successful in any leasing environment, we believe we must consider all aspects of the client-landlord 
relationship.  In this regard, we believe that our competitive leasing advantage is based on the following attributes:
•
our understanding of our client’s short- and long-term space utilization and amenity needs in the local 
markets;
•
our track record of developing and operating premier workplaces in a sustainable and responsible 
manner; 
•
our reputation as a high-quality developer, owner and manager of premier workplaces in our markets;
•
our financial strength, including our ability to fund our share of lease obligations and maintain premier 
building standards; and
•
our relationships with local brokers.
Overall, we believe that our operating environment is improving.  Although all the markets in which we operate 
still need consistent incremental absorption to constitute a macro recovery, we have started to see pockets of 
strength where low availability is driving constructive client behavior, particularly in New York and Boston which 
accounts for 61% of our share of annualized rental obligations.  As clients choose premier workplaces in sound 
financial condition, with building owners that are committed for the long term to their properties operated by the best 
property management teams, we expect to continue to be successful in gaining market share.  
In the fourth quarter of 2024, we executed 83 leases totaling more than 2.3 million square feet with a weighted-
average lease term of approximately 10.3 years.  This result represents BXP’s strongest leasing quarter since the 
second quarter of 2019, and the amount leased is approximately 130% of our historical 10-year average for the 
  
55

fourth quarter.  For full year 2024, we executed 291 leases totaling approximately 5.6 million square feet with a 
weighted-average lease term of 9.8 years.
At December 31, 2024, BXP’s CBD portfolio was 90.9% occupied and 92.8% leased (including vacant space 
for which we have signed leases that have not yet commenced in accordance with GAAP).  Approximately 88% of 
our share of annualized rental obligations comes from assets located in our CBD portfolio, underscoring the 
strength of BXP’s strategy to invest in the highest quality buildings in dynamic urban gateway markets.
At December 31, 2024, the overall occupancy of our in-service office and retail properties was 87.5%, an 
increase of 50 basis points from September 30, 2024.  We define occupancy as space with signed leases for which 
revenue recognition has commenced in accordance with GAAP.  Including vacant space for which we have signed 
leases that have not yet commenced revenue recognition in accordance with GAAP, our in-service office and retail 
properties were approximately 89.4% leased at December 31, 2024.
Investment Activity
We remain in active pursuit of opportunities in our core markets and asset types with primarily two types of 
counterparties: lenders to highly leveraged assets that require recapitalization and institutional owners seeking to 
divest from the office asset class.  To date, there has been limited market transaction activity for higher-quality office 
assets, though owners are increasingly testing the market to understand pricing.  
We continually evaluate current and prospective markets for possible acquisitions of “value-add” assets that 
require lease-up or repositioning, and acquisitions that are otherwise consistent with our long-term strategy of 
owning, managing, developing, and improving premier workplaces in each of our chosen markets.  Additional new 
acquisition opportunities will likely increase in this environment, and we remain committed to developing and 
acquiring assets to enhance our long-term growth and to meet client demand by focusing on premier workplaces.  
Consistent with this strategy, on December 27, 2024, we completed the acquisition of 725 12th Street, an 
approximately 300,000 square foot, 12-story property in Washington, DC, for a purchase price, excluding 
transaction costs, of $34.0 million.  We will be redeveloping the property into an approximately 320,000 square foot 
premier workplace.  In conjunction with the closing, we signed a lease agreement with global law firm, McDermott 
Will & Emery LLP, covering approximately 152,000 square feet in the top five floors of the “to-be-constructed” 
premier workplace.  We are currently negotiating with a client for the majority of the remaining space, although there 
is no guarantee we will lease such space on the terms contemplated or at all.  Ideally located in the CBD of 
Washington, DC, the property sits three blocks from the White House and steps from Metro Center Station, the 
transportation hub for the City’s Metrorail service, where the Red, Orange, Blue, and Silver lines converge.
As of December 31, 2024, our development/redevelopment pipeline consisted of seven properties that, when 
completed, we expect will total approximately 2.3 million net rentable square feet.  Our share of the estimated total 
cost for these projects is approximately $2.3 billion, of which approximately $1.3 billion remains to be invested.  The 
commercial space in the pipeline, which excludes the residential project, was 50% pre-leased as of February 21, 
2025.
In the fourth quarter of 2024, we completed and fully placed in-service 300 Binney Street, an approximately 
240,000 square foot laboratory/life sciences project located in Cambridge, Massachusetts, in which BXP has a 55% 
ownership interest.  This project is 100% leased to the Broad Institute.
As we continue to focus on new investments to drive future growth, we regularly review our portfolio to identify 
properties as potential sales candidates that either no longer fit within our portfolio strategy or could attract premium 
pricing in the current market.  In addition, the BXP regional teams are pursuing alternative uses for some of our 
suburban land holdings, which includes vacant office buildings for which the highest and best use may not be office. 
We are currently in active negotiations for the disposition of three land sites and we expect to put an operating 
property into the market for sale in 2025.  If successful, these sales in aggregate could generate approximately 
$200.0 million of net proceeds in 2025, although it is possible that one of the land sales does not close until 2026.  
However, there can be no assurance that we will complete any of these transactions on the terms and schedule 
currently contemplated or at all.
A brief overview of each of our markets follows.
  
56

Boston
During the fourth quarter of 2024, we executed approximately 682,000 square feet of leases and 
approximately 430,000 square feet of leases commenced in the Boston region.  Approximately 146,000 square feet 
of the leases that commenced had been vacant for less than one year and represent a decrease in net rental 
obligations of approximately 0.3% over the prior leases.  
As of December 31, 2024, our approximately 8.4 million square foot Boston CBD in-service portfolio was 
approximately 95.6% occupied and approximately 97.5% leased (including vacant space for which we have signed 
leases that have not yet commenced in accordance with GAAP).
Our approximately 2.7 million square foot in-service CBD portfolio in Cambridge was approximately 96.6% 
occupied and 97.6% leased (including vacant space for which we have signed leases that have not yet commenced 
in accordance with GAAP) as of December 31, 2024.
As of December 31, 2024, our approximately 4.8 millions square foot Route 128-Mass Turnpike in-service 
portfolio was approximately 75.6% occupied and approximately 77.7% leased (including vacant space for which we 
have signed leases that have not yet commenced in accordance with GAAP).
Los Angeles
Our Los Angeles (“LA”) in-service portfolio of approximately 2.3 million square feet is currently focused in West 
LA and includes Colorado Center, an approximately 1.1 million square foot property of which we own 50%, and 
Santa Monica Business Park, a 21-building, approximately 1.2 million square foot property.  As of December 31, 
2024, our LA in-service properties were approximately 84.9% occupied and 87.4% leased (including vacant space 
for which we have signed leases that have not yet commenced in accordance with GAAP).   
New York
During the fourth quarter of 2024, we executed approximately 574,000 square feet of leases in the New York 
region and approximately 575,000 square feet of leases commenced.  Approximately 199,000 square feet of the 
leases that commenced had been vacant for less than one year, and they represent a decrease in net rental 
obligations of approximately 5.9% over the prior leases.  
As of December 31, 2024, our New York CBD in-service portfolio was approximately 90.8% occupied and 
approximately 93.6% leased (including vacant space for which we have signed leases that have not yet 
commenced in accordance with GAAP).   
San Francisco
During the fourth quarter of 2024, we executed leases for approximately 383,000 square feet and 
approximately 106,000 square feet commenced in the San Francisco region.  Approximately 56,000 square feet of 
leases that commenced had been vacant for less than one year and represent an increase in net rental obligations 
of approximately 13.2% over the prior leases.
As of December 31, 2024, our San Francisco CBD in-service properties were approximately 84.3% occupied 
and approximately 85.2% leased (including vacant space for which we have signed leases that have not yet 
commenced in accordance with GAAP).  
Seattle
Our Seattle in-service portfolio includes Safeco Plaza, an approximately 762,000 square foot property of which 
we own 33.67%, and Madison Centre, an approximately 755,000 square foot property.  As of December 31, 2024, 
these in-service properties were approximately 81.6% occupied and approximately 83.5% leased (including vacant 
space for which we have signed leases that have not yet commenced in accordance with GAAP).  
Washington, DC 
During the fourth quarter of 2024, we executed leases for approximately 494,000 square feet and leases for 
approximately 140,000 square feet commenced in the Washington, DC region.  Leases for approximately 64,000 
square feet that commenced had been vacant for less than one year and represent a decrease in net rental 
obligations of approximately 11.6% over the prior leases.  
  
57

As of December 31, 2024, our Washington, DC CBD in-service properties were approximately 89.2% occupied 
and approximately 90.7% leased (including vacant space for which we have signed leases that have not yet 
commenced in accordance with GAAP). 
A significant component of our Washington, DC regional portfolio is in Reston Town Center, an award-winning 
mixed-use development in Northern Virginia.  Reston is a hub for technology, cloud services, cybersecurity and 
defense intelligence companies.  As of December 31, 2024, our approximately 4.9 million square foot Reston CBD 
portfolio was approximately 94.9% occupied and approximately 96.9% leased (including vacant space for which 
have signed leases that have not yet commenced in accordance with GAAP).
In regard to the new presidential administration’s efficiency initiatives, if the federal workforce returns to their 
offices, their return should be a significant positive for our business in the Washington, DC region.  More street life 
would be a positive for the urban environment, hopefully triggering government contractor clients to return to their 
offices in line with government clients.  In addition, if the General Services Administration (“GSA”) reduces space 
requirements, we do not expect to be directly or materially impacted by this reduction as we have limited exposure 
to GSA leases. 
Leasing Statistics
The table below details our vacancy and the leasing activity, including 100% of the unconsolidated joint 
ventures, that commenced revenue recognition during the year ended December 31, 2024:
Year ended 
December 31, 2024
(Square Feet)
Vacant space available at the beginning of the period
 
5,696,007 
Vacant space from property dispositions/properties taken out of service (1)
 
(580,232) 
Vacant space from properties placed (and partially placed) in-service (2)
 
831,121 
Leases expiring or terminated during the period
 
4,952,232 
Total space available for lease
 
10,899,128 
1st generation leases 
 
754,932 
2nd generation leases with new clients
 
1,965,698 
2nd generation lease renewals
 
2,056,424 
Total space leased (3)
 
4,777,054 
Vacant space available for lease at the end of the period
 
6,122,074 
Leases executed during the period (4)
 
5,648,615 
Second generation leasing information: (5)
Leases commencing during the period, in square feet
 
4,022,122 
Weighted Average Lease Term
89 Months
Weighted Average Free Rent Period
140 Days
Total Transaction Costs Per Square Foot (6)
 
$79.32 
Increase in Gross Rents (7)
 1.38 %
Increase in Net Rents (8)
 1.79 %
 __________________
(1) Total square feet from properties taken out of service during the year ended December 31, 2024 consists of 
205,355 square feet at 1100 Winter Street, 162,274 square feet at 1050 Winter Street, 111,183 square feet at 
Kingstowne One, 71,420 square feet at 15825 Shady Grove Road and 30,000 square feet at 17 Hartwell 
Avenue.                  
(2) Total square feet from properties placed (and partially placed) in-service during the year ended December 31, 
2024 consists of 239,908 square feet at 300 Binney Street, 187,048 square feet at 180 CityPoint, 117,907 
square feet at 760 Boylston Street, 112,841 square feet at 103 CityPoint, 102,542 square feet at 360 Park 
Avenue South, 67,017 square feet at 651 Gateway and 3,858 square feet at Reston Next Office Phase II.
  
58

(3) Represents leases for which lease revenue recognition has commenced in accordance with GAAP during the 
year ended December 31, 2024.
(4) Represents leases executed during the year ended December 31, 2024 for which we either (1) commenced 
lease revenue recognition in such period or (2) will commence lease revenue recognition in subsequent 
periods, in accordance with GAAP, and includes leases at properties currently under development.  The total 
square feet of leases executed and recognized during the year ended December 31, 2024 is 943,147 square 
feet.  
(5) Second generation leases are defined as leases for space that we have previously leased.  Of the 4,022,122 
square feet of second generation leases that commenced during the year ended December 31, 2024, leases 
for 3,105,337 square feet were signed in prior periods. 
(6) Total transaction costs include tenant improvements and leasing commissions but exclude free rent 
concessions and other inducements in accordance with GAAP. 
(7) Represents the increase in gross rent (base rent plus expense reimbursements) on the new versus expired 
leases on the 2,820,354 square feet of second generation leases that had been occupied within the prior 12 
months for the year ended December 31, 2024; excludes leases that management considers temporary 
because the client is not expected to occupy the space on a long-term basis. 
(8) Represents the increase in net rent (gross rent less operating expenses) on the new versus expired leases on 
the 2,820,354 square feet of second generation leases that had been occupied within the prior 12 months for 
the year ended December 31, 2024.   
For descriptions of significant transactions that we completed during 2024, see “Item 1. Business—
Transactions During 2024.”
Critical Accounting Estimates
The preparation of financial statements in conformity with accounting principles generally accepted in the 
United States of America, or GAAP, requires management to use judgment in the application of accounting policies, 
including making estimates and assumptions.  We base our estimates on historical experience and on various other 
assumptions believed to be reasonable under the circumstances.  These judgments affect the reported amounts of 
assets and liabilities and disclosure of contingent assets and liabilities at the dates of the financial statements and 
the reported amounts of revenue and expenses during the reporting periods.  If our judgment or interpretation of the 
facts and circumstances relating to various transactions had been different, it is possible that different accounting 
policies would have been applied resulting in a different presentation of our financial statements.  From time to time, 
we evaluate our estimates and assumptions.  In the event estimates or assumptions prove to be different from 
actual results, adjustments are made in subsequent periods to reflect more current information.  Our significant 
accounting policies, which utilize these critical accounting estimates, are described in Note 2 to our Consolidated 
Financial Statements.
We consider our critical accounting estimates to be those used in the determination of the reported amounts 
and disclosure related to the following:
•
Purchase price allocations,
•
Impairment and
•
Impairment related to unconsolidated joint ventures.
Each of the above critical accounting estimates is described in more detail below.  
Real Estate
Purchase Price Allocations
We assess the fair value of acquired tangible and intangible assets (including land, buildings, tenant 
improvements, “above-” and “below-market” leases, leasing and assumed financing origination costs, acquired in-
place leases, other identified intangible assets and assumed liabilities (including ground leases)) and allocate the 
purchase price to the acquired assets and assumed liabilities, including land and buildings as if vacant.  We assess 
fair value based on estimated cash flow projections that utilize discount and/or capitalization rates that we deem 
appropriate, as well as available market information.  Estimates of future cash flows are based on a number of 
factors including the historical operating results, known and anticipated trends, and market and economic 
conditions.
  
59

The fair value of the tangible assets of an acquired property considers the value of the property as if it were 
vacant.  We also consider an allocation of purchase price of other acquired intangibles, including acquired in-place 
leases that may have a customer relationship intangible value, including (but not limited to) the nature and extent of 
the existing relationship with the clients, the clients’ credit quality and expectations of lease renewals.  Based on our 
acquisitions to date, our allocation to customer relationship intangible assets has been immaterial.
We record acquired “above-” and “below-market” leases at their fair values (using a discount rate which 
reflects the risks associated with the leases acquired) equal to the difference between (1) the contractual amounts 
to be paid pursuant to each in-place lease and (2) management’s estimate of fair market lease rates for each 
corresponding in-place lease, measured over a period equal to the remaining term of the lease for above-market 
leases and the initial term plus the term of any below-market fixed rate renewal options for below-market leases.  
Acquired “above-” and “below-market” lease values have been reflected within Prepaid Expenses and Other Assets 
and Other Liabilities, respectively, in our Consolidated Balance Sheets.  Other intangible assets acquired include 
amounts for in-place lease values that are based on our evaluation of the specific characteristics of each client’s 
lease.  Factors to be considered include estimates of carrying costs during hypothetical expected lease-up periods 
considering current market conditions, and costs to execute similar leases.  In estimating carrying costs, we include 
real estate taxes, insurance and other operating expenses and estimates of lost rentals at market rates during the 
expected lease-up periods, depending on local market conditions.  In estimating costs to execute similar leases, we 
consider leasing commissions, legal and other related expenses.
During the year ended December 31, 2024, we completed two acquisitions in Washington, DC consisting of 
(1) 725 12th Street for a purchase price, excluding transaction costs, of $34.0 million and (2) our joint venture 
partner’s 50% economic ownership interest in the joint venture entity that owned 901 New York Avenue.  At 
acquisition, the total net equity acquired for 901 New York Avenue was $20.0 million, which includes $10.0 million in 
cash that we paid for the joint venture partner's 50% economic ownership interest in the joint venture.  These 
transactions were accounted for as asset acquisitions, and the purchase price was allocated based on the relative 
fair values of the assets acquired and liabilities assumed (See Note 3 to the Consolidated Financial Statements).
Impairment
Management reviews its long-lived assets for indicators of impairment following the end of each quarter and 
when events or changes in circumstances indicate that the carrying amount of the asset may not be recoverable.  
This evaluation of long-lived assets is dependent on a number of factors, including when there is an event or 
adverse change in the operating performance of the long-lived asset or a current expectation that, more likely than 
not, a long-lived asset will be sold or otherwise disposed of significantly before the end of its previously estimated 
useful life or hold period.  An impairment loss is recognized if the carrying amount of an asset is not recoverable and 
exceeds its fair value.  The evaluation of anticipated cash flows is subjective and is based in part on assumptions 
regarding anticipated hold periods, future occupancy, future rental rates, future capital requirements, discount rates 
and capitalization rates.  Any or all of such assumptions could differ materially from actual results in future periods.  
Because cash flows on properties considered to be “long-lived assets to be held and used” are considered on an 
undiscounted basis to determine whether an asset may be impaired, our established strategy of holding properties 
over the long term directly decreases the likelihood of recording an impairment loss.  If our hold strategy changes or 
market conditions otherwise dictate a shorter hold period, an impairment loss may be recognized and such loss 
could be material.  If we determine that an impairment has occurred, the affected assets must be reduced to their 
fair value.  At March 31, 2024, we evaluated the expected hold period for a portion of our Shady Grove property, 
consisting of 2 Choke Cherry Road, 2094 Gaither Road and a land parcel, located in Rockville, Maryland.  Based on 
a shorter-than-expected hold period, we reduced the carrying value of a portion of the property that we anticipate 
selling to a third-party developer to its estimated fair value at March 31, 2024.  As a result, each of BXP and BPLP 
recognized an impairment loss of approximately $13.6 million during the year ended December 31, 2024.
Unconsolidated Joint Ventures
Impairment
Our investments in unconsolidated joint ventures are reviewed for indicators of impairment on a quarterly 
basis and we record impairment charges when events or circumstances change indicating that a decline in the fair 
values below the carrying amounts has occurred and such decline is other-than-temporary.  This evaluation of the 
investments in unconsolidated joint ventures is dependent on a number of factors, including the performance of 
each investment and market conditions.  We will record an impairment charge if we determine that a decline in the 
fair value below the carrying amount of an investment in an unconsolidated joint venture is other-than-temporary. 
The fair value is calculated using discounted cash flows which is subjective and considers assumptions regarding 
  
60

future occupancy, future rental rates, future capital requirements, debt interest rates and availability, discount rates 
and capitalization rates that could differ materially from actual results in future periods. 
As of December 31, 2024, the net carrying amounts of our investments in unconsolidated joint ventures was 
approximately $1.1 billion, which includes investments with deficit balances aggregating approximately $33.5 million 
included within Other Liabilities in our Consolidated Balance Sheets.  During the year ended December 31, 2024, 
we recognized an other-than-temporary impairment loss on our investments in Colorado Center, Gateway 
Commons and Safeco Plaza of approximately $168.4 million, $126.1 million and $46.8 million, respectively (See 
Note 6 to the Consolidated Financial Statements).
Income Taxes 
Our accounting policies related to income tax are described in Note 2 to our Consolidated Financial 
Statements.
BXP
The net difference between the tax basis and the reported amounts of BXP’s assets and liabilities was 
approximately $1.6 billion and $2.0 billion as of December 31, 2024 and 2023, respectively, which was primarily 
related to the difference in basis of contributed property and accrued rental income.
Certain entities included in BXP’s Consolidated Financial Statements are subject to certain state and local 
taxes.  These taxes are recorded as operating expenses in the accompanying Consolidated Financial Statements. 
The following table reconciles GAAP net income attributable to BXP, Inc. to taxable income: 
 
For the year ended December 31,
 
2024
2023
2022
 
(in thousands)
Net income attributable to BXP, Inc.
$ 
14,272 
$ 190,215 
$ 848,947 
Straight-line rent and net “above-” and “below-market” rent adjustments
 
(81,883) 
 
(97,163) 
 
(88,487) 
Book/Tax differences from depreciation and amortization
 
183,353 
 
208,872 
 
172,558 
Book/Tax differences from interest expense
 
16,321 
 
125 
 
— 
Book/Tax differences on gains/(losses) from capital transactions
 
302,062 
 
359,063 
 (273,345) 
Book/Tax differences from stock-based compensation
 
44,480 
 
51,511 
 
42,510 
Tangible Property Regulations 
 
(43,549) 
 (165,033) 
 (112,355) 
Other book/tax differences, net
 
89,834 
 
84,985 
 
51,490 
Taxable income
$ 524,890 
$ 632,575 
$ 641,318 
BPLP
The net difference between the tax basis and the reported amounts of BPLP’s assets and liabilities was 
approximately $2.7 billion and $3.0 billion as of December 31, 2024 and 2023, respectively, which was primarily 
related to the difference in basis of contributed property and accrued rental income.
Certain entities included in BPLP’s Consolidated Financial Statements are subject to certain state and local 
taxes.  These taxes are recorded as operating expenses in the accompanying Consolidated Financial Statements.
The following table reconciles GAAP net income attributable to Boston Properties Limited Partnership to 
taxable income:
  
61

 
For the year ended December 31,
 
2024
2023
2022
 
(in thousands)
Net income attributable to Boston Properties Limited Partnership
$ 
23,480 
$ 219,771 
$ 957,265 
Straight-line rent and net “above-” and “below-market” rent adjustments
 
(91,593) 
 (108,679) 
 
(98,770) 
Book/Tax differences from depreciation and amortization
 
193,493 
 
216,434 
 
173,272 
Book/Tax differences from interest expense
 
18,256 
 
140 
 
— 
Book/Tax differences on gains/(losses) from capital transactions
 
337,792 
 
406,738 
 (289,174) 
Book/Tax differences from stock-based compensation
 
49,755 
 
57,617 
 
47,450 
Tangible Property Regulations 
 
(48,713) 
 (184,593) 
 (125,411) 
Other book/tax differences, net
 
98,403 
 
92,866 
 
48,982 
Taxable income
$ 580,873 
$ 700,294 
$ 713,614 
Results of Operations for the Year Ended December 31, 2024 and 2023 
This section of this Form 10-K generally discusses 2024 and 2023 items and year-to-year comparisons 
between 2024 and 2023.  Discussions of 2022 items and year-to-year comparisons between 2023 and 2022 that 
are not included in this Form 10-K can be found in “Management’s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition 
and Results of Operations” in Part II, Item 7 of our Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 
2023, which was filed with the SEC on February 27, 2024.
Net income attributable to BXP, Inc. and net income attributable to Boston Properties Limited Partnership 
decreased by approximately $175.9 million and $196.3 million, respectively, for the year ended December 31, 2024 
compared to 2023, as set forth in the following tables and for the reasons discussed below under the heading 
“Comparison of the year ended December 31, 2024 to the year ended December 31, 2023” within “Item 7—
Management’s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations.”
The following are reconciliations of Net Income Attributable to BXP, Inc. to Net Operating Income and Net 
Income Attributable to Boston Properties Limited Partnership to Net Operating Income for the years ended 
December 31, 2024 and 2023.  For a detailed discussion of Net Operating Income (“NOI”), including the reasons 
management believes NOI is useful to investors, see page 65. 
  
62

BXP
Year ended December 31,
2024
2023
Increase/
(Decrease)
%
Change
(in thousands)
Net Income Attributable to BXP, Inc. 
$ 
14,272 
$ 
190,215 
$ (175,943) 
 (92.50) %
Net Income Attributable to Noncontrolling Interests:
Noncontrolling interest—common units of the Operating 
Partnership
 
2,400 
 
22,548 
 
(20,148) 
 (89.36) %
Noncontrolling interests in property partnerships
 
67,516 
 
78,661 
 
(11,145) 
 (14.17) %
Net Income
 
84,188 
 
291,424 
 
(207,236) 
 (71.11) %
Other Expenses:
Add:
Interest expense
 
645,117 
 
579,572 
 
65,545 
 11.31 %
Impairment loss
 
13,615 
 
— 
 
13,615 
 100.00 %
Losses from interest rate contracts
 
— 
 
79 
 
(79) 
 (100.00) %
Loss from unconsolidated joint ventures
 
343,177 
 
239,543 
 
103,634 
 43.26 %
Other Income:
Less:
Unrealized gain on non-real estate investments
 
546 
 
239 
 
307 
 128.45 %
Gains from investments in securities
 
4,416 
 
5,556 
 
(1,140) 
 (20.52) %
Interest and other income (loss)
 
60,199 
 
69,964 
 
(9,765) 
 (13.96) %
Gains on sales of real estate
 
602 
 
517 
 
85 
 16.44 %
Other Expenses:
Add:
Depreciation and amortization expense
 
887,191 
 
830,813 
 
56,378 
 6.79 %
Transaction costs
 
1,597 
 
4,313 
 
(2,716) 
 (62.97) %
Payroll and related costs from management services contracts
 
16,488 
 
17,771 
 
(1,283) 
 (7.22) %
General and administrative expense
 
159,983 
 
170,158 
 
(10,175) 
 (5.98) %
Other Revenue:
Less:
Direct reimbursements of payroll and related costs from 
management services contracts
 
16,488 
 
17,771 
 
(1,283) 
 (7.22) %
Development and management services revenue
 
28,060 
 
40,850 
 
(12,790) 
 (31.31) %
Net Operating Income
$ 2,041,045 
$ 1,998,776 
$ 
42,269 
 2.11 %
  
63

BPLP
Year ended December 31,
2024
2023
Increase/
(Decrease)
%
Change
(in thousands)
Net Income Attributable to Boston Properties Limited Partnership 
$ 
23,480 
$ 
219,771 
$ (196,291) 
 (89.32) %
Net Income Attributable to Noncontrolling Interests:
Noncontrolling interests in property partnerships
 
67,516 
 
78,661 
 
(11,145) 
 (14.17) %
Net Income
 
90,996 
 
298,432 
 
(207,436) 
 (69.51) %
Other Expenses:
Add:
Interest expense
 
645,117 
 
579,572 
 
65,545 
 11.31 %
Impairment loss
 
13,615 
 
— 
 
13,615 
 100.00 %
Losses from interest rate contracts 
 
— 
 
79 
 
(79) 
 (100.00) %
Loss from unconsolidated joint ventures
 
343,177 
 
239,543 
 
103,634 
 43.26 %
Other Income:
Less:
Unrealized gain on non-real estate investments
 
546 
 
239 
 
307 
 128.45 %
Gains from investments in securities
 
4,416 
 
5,556 
 
(1,140) 
 (20.52) %
Interest and other income (loss)
 
60,199 
 
69,964 
 
(9,765) 
 (13.96) %
Gains on sales of real estate
 
602 
 
517 
 
85 
 16.44 %
Other Expenses:
Add:
Depreciation and amortization expense
 
880,383 
 
823,805 
 
56,578 
 6.87 %
Transaction costs
 
1,597 
 
4,313 
 
(2,716) 
 (62.97) %
Payroll and related costs from management services contracts
 
16,488 
 
17,771 
 
(1,283) 
 (7.22) %
General and administrative expense
 
159,983 
 
170,158 
 
(10,175) 
 (5.98) %
Other Revenue:
Less:
Direct reimbursements of payroll and related costs from 
management services contracts
 
16,488 
 
17,771 
 
(1,283) 
 (7.22) %
Development and management services revenue
 
28,060 
 
40,850 
 
(12,790) 
 (31.31) %
Net Operating Income
$ 2,041,045 
$ 1,998,776 
$ 
42,269 
 2.11 %
At December 31, 2024 and 2023, we owned or had joint venture interests in a portfolio of 185 and 188 
commercial real estate properties, respectively (in each case, the “Total Property Portfolio”).  As a result of changes 
within our Total Property Portfolio, the financial data presented below shows significant changes in revenue and 
expenses from period-to-period.  Accordingly, we do not believe that our period-to-period financial data with respect 
to the Total Property Portfolio provides a complete understanding of our operating results.  Therefore, the 
comparison of operating results for the year ended December 31, 2024 and 2023 show separately the changes 
attributable to the properties that were owned by us and in-service throughout each period compared (the “Same 
Property Portfolio”) and the changes attributable to the properties included in the Acquired, Placed In-Service, In or 
Held for Development or Redevelopment or Sold Portfolios.
In our analysis of operating results, particularly to make comparisons of NOI between periods more 
meaningful, it is important to provide information for properties that were in-service and owned by us throughout 
each period presented.  We refer to properties acquired or placed in-service prior to the beginning of the earliest 
period presented and owned by us and in-service through the end of the latest period presented as our Same 
Property Portfolio.  The Same Property Portfolio therefore excludes properties acquired, placed in-service or in or 
held for development or redevelopment after the beginning of the earliest period presented or disposed of prior to 
the end of the latest period presented.
  
64

NOI is a non-GAAP financial measure equal to net income attributable to BXP, Inc. and net income attributable 
to Boston Properties Limited Partnership, as applicable, the most directly comparable GAAP financial measures, 
plus (1) net income attributable to noncontrolling interests, interest expense, impairment loss, losses from interest 
rate contracts, loss from unconsolidated joint ventures, depreciation and amortization expense, transaction costs, 
payroll and related costs from management services contracts and corporate general and administrative expense 
less (2) unrealized gain on non-real estate investments, gains from investments in securities, interest and other 
income (loss), gains on sales of real estate, direct reimbursements of payroll and related costs from management 
services contracts and development and management services revenue.  We use NOI internally as a performance 
measure and believe it provides useful information to investors regarding our results of operations and financial 
condition because, when compared across periods, it reflects the impact on operations from trends in occupancy 
rates, rental rates, operating costs and acquisition and development activity on an unleveraged basis, providing 
perspective not immediately apparent from net income attributable to BXP, Inc. and net income attributable to 
Boston Properties Limited Partnership.  For example, interest expense is not necessarily linked to the operating 
performance of a real estate asset and is often incurred at the corporate level as opposed to the property level.  
Similarly, interest expense may be incurred at the property level even though the financing proceeds may be used 
at the corporate level (e.g., used for other investment activity).  In addition, depreciation and amortization expense, 
because of historical cost accounting and useful life estimates, may distort operating performance measures at the 
property level.  NOI presented by us may not be comparable to NOI reported by other REITs or real estate 
companies that define NOI differently.  
We believe that in order to understand our operating results, NOI should be examined in conjunction with net 
income attributable to BXP, Inc. and net income attributable to Boston Properties Limited Partnership as presented 
in our Consolidated Financial Statements.  NOI should not be considered as a substitute for net income attributable 
to BXP, Inc. or net income attributable to Boston Properties Limited Partnership (determined in accordance with 
GAAP) or any other GAAP financial measures and should only be considered together with and as a supplement to 
our financial information prepared in accordance with GAAP.
Depreciation expense may differ between BXP and BPLP as a result of previously applied acquisition 
accounting by BXP for the issuance of common stock in connection with non-sponsor redemptions of common units 
of limited partnership interest of BPLP (“OP Units”).  This accounting resulted in a step-up of the real estate assets 
at BXP that was allocated to certain properties.  The difference between the real estate assets of BXP as compared 
to BPLP for certain properties having an allocation of the real estate step-up will result in a corresponding difference 
in depreciation expense when those properties are sold.  For additional information see the Explanatory Note that 
immediately follows the cover page of this Annual Report on Form 10-K.  
Comparison of the year ended December 31, 2024 to the year ended December 31, 2023 
The table below shows selected operating information for the Same Property Portfolio and the Total Property 
Portfolio.  The Same Property Portfolio consists of 127 properties totaling approximately 40.3 million net rentable 
square feet, excluding unconsolidated joint ventures.  The Same Property Portfolio includes properties acquired or 
placed in-service on or prior to January 1, 2023 and owned and in service through December 31, 2024.  The Total 
Property Portfolio includes the effects of the other properties either acquired, placed in-service, in or held for 
development or redevelopment after January 1, 2023 or disposed of on or prior to December 31, 2024.  This table 
includes a reconciliation from the Same Property Portfolio to the Total Property Portfolio by also providing 
information for the year ended December 31, 2024 and 2023 with respect to the properties that were acquired, 
placed in-service, in or held for development or redevelopment or sold.  We did not sell any properties during the 
years ended December 31, 2024 and 2023.
65

Same Property Portfolio
Properties Acquired 
Portfolio
Properties
Placed In-Service
Portfolio
Properties in or Held 
for Development or 
Redevelopment 
Portfolio
Total Property Portfolio
2024
2023
Increase/
(Decrease)
%
Change
2024
2023
2024
2023
2024
2023
2024
2023
Increase/
(Decrease)
%
Change
(dollars in thousands)
Rental Revenue: (1)
Lease Revenue (Excluding Termination 
Income)
$ 2,934,261 
$ 2,955,816 
$ 
(21,555) 
 (0.73) %
$ 100,007 
$ 
3,603 
$ 71,302 
$ 24,442 
$ 
7,540 
$ 11,906 
$ 3,113,110 
$ 2,995,767 
$ 117,343 
 3.92 %
Termination Income
9,275 
13,082 
(3,807) 
 (29.10) %
189 
— 
— 
— 
6,409 
— 
15,873 
13,082 
2,791 
 21.33 %
Lease Revenue
2,943,536 
2,968,898 
(25,362) 
 (0.85) %
100,196 
3,603 
71,302 
24,442 
13,949 
11,906 
3,128,983 
 3,008,849 
120,134 
 3.99 %
Parking and Other
123,271 
109,660 
13,611 
 12.41 %
8,252 
287 
1,815 
1,201 
118 
2 
133,456 
111,150 
22,306 
 20.07 %
Total Rental Revenue (1)
3,066,807 
3,078,558 
(11,751) 
 (0.38) %
108,448 
3,890 
73,117 
25,643 
14,067 
11,908 
3,262,439 
 3,119,999 
142,440 
 4.57 %
Real Estate Operating Expenses
1,190,288 
1,134,568 
55,720 
 4.91 %
39,885 
1,431 
22,744 
10,802 
10,449 
13,896 
1,263,366 
 1,160,697 
102,669 
 8.85 %
Net Operating Income (Loss), Excluding 
Residential and Hotel 
1,876,519 
1,943,990 
(67,471) 
 (3.47) %
68,563 
2,459 
50,373 
14,841 
3,618 
(1,988) 
1,999,073 
 1,959,302 
39,771 
 2.03 %
Residential Net Operating Income (2)
26,036 
24,342 
1,694 
 6.96 %
— 
— 
— 
— 
— 
— 
26,036 
24,342 
1,694 
 6.96 %
Hotel Net Operating Income (2)
15,936 
15,132 
804 
 5.31 %
— 
— 
— 
— 
— 
— 
15,936 
15,132 
804 
 5.31 %
Net Operating Income (Loss)
$ 1,918,491 
$ 1,983,464 
$ 
(64,973) 
 (3.28) %
$ 68,563 
$ 
2,459 
$ 50,373 
$ 14,841 
$ 
3,618 
$ (1,988) 
$ 2,041,045 
$ 1,998,776 
$ 
42,269 
 2.11 %
_______________
(1)
Rental Revenue is equal to Revenue less Development and Management Services Revenue and Direct Reimbursements of Payroll and Related Costs from Management Services Revenue per the
Consolidated Statements of Operations, excluding the residential and hotel revenue that is noted below.  We use Rental Revenue internally as a performance measure and in calculating other non-
GAAP financial measures (e.g., NOI), which provides investors with information regarding our performance that is not immediately apparent from the comparable non-GAAP measures and allows
investors to compare operating performance between periods.
(2)
For a detailed discussion of NOI, including the reasons management believes NOI is useful to investors, see page 65.  Residential Net Operating Income for the year ended December 31, 2024 and
2023 is comprised of Residential Revenue of $49,508 and $47,592 less Residential Expenses of $23,472 and $23,250, respectively.  Hotel Net Operating Income for the year ended December 31, 2024
and 2023 is comprised of Hotel Revenue of $51,224 and $47,357 less Hotel Expenses of $35,288 and $32,225, respectively, per the Consolidated Statements of Operations.
66

Same Property Portfolio
Lease Revenue (Excluding Termination Income)
Lease revenue (excluding termination income) from the Same Property Portfolio decreased by approximately 
$21.6 million for the year ended December 31, 2024 compared to 2023.  The decrease was a result of our average 
occupancy decreasing from 90.8% to 88.9%, resulting in a decrease of approximately $60.6 million, partially offset 
by revenue per square foot increasing by approximately $1.14, contributing approximately $39.0 million.
Termination Income
Termination income decreased by approximately $3.8 million for the year ended December 31, 2024 
compared to 2023.
Termination income for the year ended December 31, 2024 related to 30 clients across the Same Property 
Portfolio and totaled approximately $9.3 million, with the largest contribution related to a retail client that terminated 
its lease early in Boston.
Termination income for the year ended December 31, 2023 related to 28 clients across the Same Property 
Portfolio and totaled approximately $13.1 million, which was primarily related to clients that terminated leases early 
in Seattle.
Parking and Other Revenue
Parking and other revenue increased by approximately $13.6 million for the year ended December 31, 2024 
compared to 2023.  Parking and other revenue increased by approximately $1.8 million and $11.8 million, 
respectively.  The increase in other revenue was primarily related to the View Boston observatory.
Real Estate Operating Expenses
Real estate operating expenses from the Same Property Portfolio increased by approximately $55.7 million, or 
4.9%, for the year ended December 31, 2024 compared to 2023, due primarily to increases in (1) repairs and 
maintenance of approximately $18.3 million, or 9.9%, (2) utilities of approximately $11.0 million, or 9.8%, and (3) 
other real estate operating expenses of approximately $16.0 million, or 1.9%.  The increase in repairs and 
maintenance related primarily to properties in our Boston region.  The increase in utilities related primarily to 
properties in our New York region.  In addition, approximately $10.4 million of the increase related to marketing and 
operating expenses associated with the View Boston observatory.
Properties Acquired Portfolio
The table below lists the properties acquired between January 1, 2023 and December 31, 2024.  Rental 
revenue and real estate operating expenses increased by approximately $104.6 million and $38.5 million, 
respectively, for the year ended December 31, 2024 compared to 2023, as detailed below.
Square 
Feet
Rental Revenue
Real Estate Operating Expenses
Name
Date acquired
2024
2023
Change
2024
2023
Change
(dollars in thousands)
Santa Monica Business Park 
(1)
December 14, 2023
 1,177,973 
$ 75,353 
$ 3,890 
$ 
71,463 
$ 27,545 
$ 
1,431 
$ 26,114 
901 New York Avenue
January 8, 2024
 
508,130 
 
33,095 
 
— 
 
33,095 
 
12,340 
 
— 
 
12,340 
 1,686,103 
$ 108,448 
$ 3,890 
$ 104,558 
$ 39,885 
$ 
1,431 
$ 38,454 
______________
(1) Rental revenue for the year ended December 31, 2024 includes approximately $0.2 million of termination income.
  
67

Properties Placed In-Service Portfolio
The table below lists the properties that were placed in-service or partially placed in-service between January 
1, 2023 and December 31, 2024.  Rental revenue and real estate operating expenses from our Properties Placed 
In-Service Portfolio increased by approximately $47.5 million and $11.9 million, respectively, for the year ended 
December 31, 2024 compared to 2023, as detailed below.  
Quarter Initially 
Placed In-
Service
Quarter Fully 
Placed In-
Service
Rental Revenue
Real Estate Operating Expenses
Name
Square 
Feet
2024
2023
Change
2024
2023
Change
(dollars in thousands)
2100 Pennsylvania 
Avenue 
Second Quarter, 
2022
Second Quarter, 
2023
 
475,849 
$ 36,677 
$ 21,893 
$ 14,784 
$ 11,570 
$ 9,536 
$ 2,034 
140 Kendrick Street 
- Building A
Third Quarter, 
2023
Third Quarter, 
2023
 
104,166 
 
7,664 
 
3,338 
 
4,326 
 
2,412 
 
943 
 
1,469 
180 CityPoint
Third Quarter, 
2023
Third Quarter, 
2024
 
329,195 
 
14,558 
 
1,312 
 
13,246 
 
5,996 
 
136 
 
5,860 
103 CityPoint 
Fourth Quarter, 
2023
Fourth Quarter, 
2024
 
112,841 
 
3 
 
— 
 
3 
 
871 
 
70 
 
801 
760 Boylston Street
Second Quarter, 
2024
Second Quarter, 
2024
 
118,000 
 
6,991 
 
— 
 
6,991 
 
786 
 
— 
 
786 
Reston Next Office 
Phase II
Third Quarter, 
2024
N/A
 
90,000 
 
12 
 
— 
 
12 
 
57 
 
— 
 
57 
300 Binney Street
Fourth Quarter, 
2024
Fourth Quarter, 
2024
 
239,908 
 
7,212 
 
(900)  
8,112 
 
1,052 
 
117 
 
935 
 1,469,959 
$ 73,117 
$ 25,643 
$ 47,474 
$ 22,744 
$ 10,802 
$ 11,942 
Properties in or Held for Development or Redevelopment Portfolio
The table below lists the properties that were in or held for development or redevelopment between January 1, 
2023 and December 31, 2024.  Rental revenue from our Properties in or Held for Development or Redevelopment 
Portfolio increased by approximately $2.2 million and real estate operating expenses decreased by approximately 
$3.4 million for the year ended December 31, 2024 compared to 2023, as detailed below.  
Date Commenced 
Held for 
Development / 
Redevelopment
Rental Revenue
Real Estate Operating Expenses
Name
Square 
Feet
2024
2023
Change
2024
2023
Change
(dollars in thousands)
105 Carnegie Center (1)
November 30, 2022
 
73,000 
$ 
— 
$ 
— 
$ 
— 
$ 
548 
$ 
54 
$ 
494 
Kendall Center Blue Parking 
Garage (2)
January 4, 2023
N/A
 
8 
 
25 
 
(17)  
(72)  
2,378 
 
(2,450) 
Shady Grove Innovation 
District (3)
March 31, 2023
 
184,000 
 
102 
 
2,061 
 
(1,959)  
886 
 
1,482 
 
(596) 
Lexington Office Park (3)
March 31, 2023
 
167,000 
 
967 
 
1,486 
 
(519)  
1,681 
 
2,067 
 
(386) 
171 Dartmouth Street
March 28, 2024
N/A
 
— 
 
— 
 
— 
 
261 
 
— 
 
261 
1050 and 1100 Winter Street 
(3) (4)
March 31, 2024
 
455,000 
 
10,372 
 
4,313 
 
6,059 
 
5,369 
 
5,974 
 
(605) 
17 Hartwell Avenue (3)
June 30, 2024
 
30,000 
 
608 
 
1,892 
 
(1,284)  
452 
 
518 
 
(66) 
Kingstowne One (3)
September 30, 2024
 
154,000 
 
2,010 
 
2,131 
 
(121)  
1,324 
 
1,423 
 
(99) 
 1,063,000 
$ 14,067 
$ 11,908 
$ 
2,159 
$ 10,449 
$ 13,896 
$ (3,447) 
_____________
(1) On November 30, 2023, we elected to suspend redevelopment.  Although no longer in redevelopment, this property is 
not considered “in-service” as we are not actively leasing this property in anticipation of restarting redevelopment in the 
future. 
(2) The Kendall Center Blue Parking Garage was taken out of service on January 4, 2023 and then demolished to support 
the development of 290 Binney Street. Real estate operating expenses for the year ended December 31, 2023 included 
approximately $2.4 million of demolition costs. 
(3) Lexington Office Park, 1050 and 1100 Winter Street, 17 Hartwell Avenue, Kingstowne One and a portion of Shady Grove 
Innovation District are no longer considered “in-service” because each property’s occupied percentage is less than 50% 
and we are no longer actively leasing the properties in anticipation of a future development/redevelopment. The 
properties will be considered held for development or redevelopment until the last client has vacated the property and the 
  
68

property is no longer revenue producing.  Shady Grove Innovation District is comprised of three buildings, 2092 and 
2098 Gaither Road and 15825 Shady Grove Road that were taken out of service between January 1, 2023 and 
December 31, 2024. 
(4) 1100 Winter Street was taken out of service as of September 30, 2024.  Rental revenue at 1100 Winter Street for the 
year ended December 31, 2024 included approximately $6.4 million of termination income.
Residential Net Operating Income
Net operating income for our residential same properties increased by approximately $1.7 million for the year 
ended December 31, 2024 compared to 2023.  
The following reflects our occupancy and rate information for our residential same properties for the year 
ended December 31, 2024 and 2023. 
Average Monthly Rental 
Rate (1)
Average Rental Rate Per 
Occupied Square Foot
Average Physical 
Occupancy (2)
Average Economic 
Occupancy (3)
Name
2024
2023
Change 
(%)
2024
2023
Change 
(%)
2024
2023
Change 
(%)
2024
2023
Change 
(%)
Proto Kendall Square
$ 3,209 $ 3,076 
 4.3 %
$ 5.90 $ 5.65 
 4.4 %
 94.9 %
 95.5 %
 (0.6) %
 94.8 %
 95.1 %
 (0.3) %
The Lofts at Atlantic 
Wharf
$ 4,420 $ 4,432 
 (0.3) %
$ 4.94 $ 4.91 
 0.6 %
 95.6 %
 95.6 %
 — %
 94.5 %
 95.6 %
 (1.2) %
Signature at Reston
$ 2,841 $ 2,698 
 5.3 %
$ 2.92 $ 2.79 
 4.7 %
 95.6 %
 94.9 %
 0.7 %
 95.6 %
 94.3 %
 1.4 %
The Skylyne
$ 3,387 $ 3,480 
 (2.7) %
$ 4.28 $ 4.42 
 (3.2) %
 89.0 %
 91.1 %
 (2.3) %
 87.1 %
 89.1 %
 (2.2) %
_____________  
(1) Average Monthly Rental Rate is calculated as the average of the quotients obtained by dividing (A) rental revenue as 
determined in accordance with GAAP, by (B) the number of occupied units for each month within the applicable fiscal 
period. 
(2) Average Physical Occupancy is defined as (1) the average number of occupied units divided by (2) the total number of 
units, expressed as a percentage.
(3) Average Economic Occupancy is defined as (1) total possible revenue less vacancy loss divided by (2) total possible 
revenue, expressed as a percentage.  Total possible revenue is determined by valuing average occupied units at 
contract rates and average vacant units at Market Rents.  Vacancy loss is determined by valuing vacant units at current 
Market Rents.  By measuring vacant units at their Market Rents, Average Economic Occupancy takes into account the 
fact that units of different sizes and locations within a residential property have different economic impacts on a 
residential property’s total possible gross revenue.  Market Rents used by us in calculating Economic Occupancy are 
based on the current market rates set by the managers of our residential properties based on their experience in renting 
their residential property’s units and publicly available market data. Actual market rents and trends in such rents for a 
region as reported by others may vary materially from Market Rents used by us.  Market Rents for a period are based on 
the average Market Rents during that period and do not reflect any impact for cash concessions. 
Hotel Net Operating Income 
The Boston Marriott Cambridge hotel had net operating income of approximately $15.9 million for the year 
ended December 31, 2024, representing an increase of approximately $0.8 million compared to the year ended 
December 31, 2023. 
The following reflects our occupancy and rate information for the Boston Marriott Cambridge hotel for the year 
ended December 31, 2024 and 2023.
2024
2023
Change (%)
Occupancy
 77.2 %
 72.8 %
 6.0 %
Average daily rate
$ 
331.41 
$ 
326.18 
 1.6 %
REVPAR
$ 
255.73 
$ 
237.44 
 7.7 %
Other Operating Revenue and Expense Items
Development and Management Services Revenue
Development and management services revenue decreased by approximately $12.8 million for the year 
ended December 31, 2024 compared to 2023.  Development services revenue and management services revenue 
decreased by approximately $6.1 million and $6.7 million, respectively.  The decrease in development services 
  
69

revenue is primarily related to decreases in fees associated with tenant improvement projects in New York City and 
decreases in development income earned from unconsolidated joint ventures in the San Francisco and Washington 
DC regions. The decrease in management services revenue primarily related to the elimination of property and 
asset management fees earned from an unconsolidated joint venture in the Los Angeles region in which we 
acquired the joint venture partner’s interest in December 2023.
General and Administrative Expense
General and administrative expense decreased by approximately $10.2 million for the year ended December 
31, 2024 compared to 2023 primarily due to decreases in compensation expense and other general and 
administrative expenses of approximately $10.1 million and $0.1 million, respectively.  The decrease in 
compensation expense related to an approximately $8.9 million decrease in other compensation expenses and 
approximately $1.2 million decrease in the value of our deferred compensation plan.
Wages directly related to the development of rental properties are capitalized and included in real estate 
assets on our Consolidated Balance Sheets and amortized over the useful lives of the applicable asset or lease 
term.  Capitalized wages for each of the year ended December 31, 2024 and 2023 were approximately $17.2 million 
and $16.1 million, respectively.  These costs are not included in the general and administrative expenses discussed 
above.
Transaction Costs
Transaction costs decreased by approximately $2.7 million for the year ended December 31, 2024 compared 
to 2023.  In general, transaction costs relate to the formation of new joint ventures and the pursuit of other 
transactions are expensed as incurred. 
Depreciation and Amortization Expense
Depreciation expense may differ between BXP and BPLP as a result of previously applied acquisition 
accounting by BXP for the issuance of common stock in connection with non-sponsor OP Unit redemptions by 
BPLP.  This accounting resulted in a step-up of the real estate assets at BXP that was allocated to certain 
properties.  The difference between the real estate assets of BXP as compared to BPLP for certain properties 
having an allocation of the real estate step-up will result in a corresponding difference in depreciation expense.  For 
additional information see the Explanatory Note that immediately follows the cover page of this Annual Report on 
Form 10-K.    
BXP
Depreciation and amortization expense increased by approximately $56.4 million for the year ended 
December 31, 2024 compared to 2023, as detailed below.
Portfolio
Depreciation and Amortization for the year 
ended December 31,
2024
2023
Change
(in thousands)
Same Property Portfolio 
$ 
800,814 
$ 
797,908 
$ 
2,906 
Properties Acquired Portfolio
 
55,236 
 
2,112 
 
53,124 
Properties Placed In-Service Portfolio 
 
25,657 
 
24,333 
 
1,324 
Properties in or Held for Development or Redevelopment Portfolio (1)
 
5,484 
 
6,460 
 
(976) 
$ 
887,191 
$ 
830,813 
$ 
56,378 
_____________
(1) During the year ended December 31, 2023, the Kendall Center Blue Parking Garage was taken out of service and 
demolished to support the development of 290 Binney Street, an approximately 573,000 net rentable square foot 
laboratory/life sciences project in Cambridge, Massachusetts.  As a result, during the year ended December 31, 2023, 
we recorded approximately $0.8 million of accelerated depreciation expense for the demolition of the garage, of which 
approximately $0.2 million related to the step-up of real estate assets.
  
70

BPLP
Depreciation and amortization expense increased by approximately $56.6 million for the year ended 
December 31, 2024 compared to 2023, as detailed below.
Portfolio
Depreciation and Amortization for the year 
ended December 31,
2024
2023
Change
(in thousands)
Same Property Portfolio 
$ 
794,006 
$ 
791,080 
$ 
2,926 
Properties Acquired Portfolio
 
55,236 
 
2,112 
 
53,124 
Properties Placed In-Service Portfolio
 
25,657 
 
24,333 
 
1,324 
Properties in or Held for Development or Redevelopment Portfolio (1)
 
5,484 
 
6,280 
 
(796) 
$ 
880,383 
$ 
823,805 
$ 
56,578 
_____________
(1) During the year ended December 31, 2023, the Kendall Center Blue Parking Garage was taken out of service and 
demolished to support the development of 290 Binney Street, an approximately 573,000 net rentable square foot 
laboratory/life sciences project in Cambridge, Massachusetts.  As a result, during the year ended December 31, 2023, 
BPLP recorded approximately $0.6 million of accelerated depreciation expense for the demolition of the garage.
Direct Reimbursements of Payroll and Related Costs From Management Services Contracts and Payroll 
and Related Costs From Management Service Contracts
We have determined that amounts reimbursed for payroll and related costs received from third parties in 
connection with management services contracts should be reflected on a gross basis instead of on a net basis as 
we have determined that we are the principal under these arrangements.  We anticipate that these two financial 
statement line items will generally offset each other.
Other Income and Expense Items
Loss from Unconsolidated Joint Ventures
For the year ended December 31, 2024 compared to 2023, loss from unconsolidated joint ventures increased 
by approximately $103.6 million primarily due to the recognition of non-cash impairment charges related to our 
investments in Colorado Center, Gateway Commons and Safeco Plaza aggregating approximately $341.3 million 
during the year ended December 31, 2024 compared to the recognition of non-cash impairment charges in the 
amount of $272.6 million related to our investments in Platform 16, 360 Park Avenue South, 200 Fifth Avenue and 
Safeco Plaza during the year ended December 31, 2023.  
In addition, during the year ended December 31, 2024, there was an approximately $21.8 million gain 
recognized from acquiring our joint venture partner’s economic ownership interest in 901 New York Avenue. 
Additionally, during the year ended December 31, 2023, there was an approximately $34.3 million net gain related 
to the disposition of our ownership interest in Metropolitan Square and an approximately $29.9 million net gain 
related to the acquisition of our joint venture partner’s ownership interest in Santa Monica Business Park that did not 
recur during the year ended December 31, 2024.
Gains on Sales of Real Estate
The $0.6 million and $0.5 million gains on sale of real estate for the years ended December 31, 2024 and 
2023, respectively, were related to the sale of real estate occurring in prior periods.  
Gains on sales of real estate may differ between BXP and BPLP as a result of previously applied acquisition 
accounting by BXP for the issuance of common stock in connection with non-sponsor OP Unit redemptions by 
BPLP.  This accounting resulted in a step-up of the real estate assets at BXP that was allocated to certain 
properties.  The difference between the real estate assets of BXP as compared to BPLP for certain properties 
having an allocation of the real estate step-up will result in a corresponding difference in the gains on sales of real 
estate when those properties are sold.  For additional information, see the Explanatory Note that immediately 
follows the cover page of this Annual Report on Form 10-K.  
  
71

Interest and Other Income (Loss)
Interest and other income (loss) decreased by approximately $9.8 million for the year ended December 31, 
2024 compared to 2023, due primarily to a decrease in our outstanding cash balances and corresponding lower 
interest income.
Gains from Investments in Securities
Gains from investments in securities for the years ended December 31, 2024 and 2023 related to investments 
that we have made to reduce our market risk relating to deferred compensation plans that we maintain for BXP’s 
officers and former non-employee directors.  Under the deferred compensation plans, each officer or non-employee 
director who is eligible to participate is permitted to defer a portion of the officer’s current income or the non-
employee director’s compensation on a pre-tax basis and receive a tax-deferred return on these deferrals based on 
the performance of specific investments selected by the officer or non-employee director.  In order to reduce our 
market risk relating to these plans, we typically acquire, in a separate account that is not restricted as to its use, 
similar or identical investments as those selected by each officer or non-employee director.  This enables us to 
generally match our liabilities to BXP’s officers or former non-employee directors under our deferred compensation 
plans with equivalent assets and thereby limit our market risk.  The performance of these investments is recorded 
as gains from investments in securities.  During the years ended December 31, 2024 and 2023, we recognized 
gains of approximately $4.4 million and $5.6 million, respectively, on these investments.  By comparison, our 
general and administrative expense decreased by approximately $4.4 million and $5.6 million during the years 
ended December 31, 2024 and 2023, respectively, as a result of decreases in our liability under our deferred 
compensation plans that was associated with the performance of the specific investments selected by officers and 
former non-employee directors of BXP participating in the plans.
Unrealized Gain on Non-Real Estate Investments
We invest in non-real estate investments, which are primarily environmentally-focused investment funds.  As a 
result, during the years ended December 31, 2024 and 2023, we recognized an unrealized gain of approximately 
$0.5 million and $0.2 million, respectively, due to the observable changes in the fair value of the investments.
Impairment Loss
At March 31, 2024, we evaluated the expected hold period for a portion of our Shady Grove property, located 
in Rockville, Maryland, consisting of 2 Choke Cherry Road, 2094 Gaither Road and a land parcel.  Based on a 
shorter-than-expected hold period, we reduced the carrying value of a portion of the property that we anticipate 
selling to a third-party developer to its estimated fair value at March 31, 2024.  As a result, each of BXP and BPLP 
recognized an impairment loss of approximately $13.6 million.  Our estimated fair value was based on Level 3 
inputs as defined in ASC 820 “Fair Value Measurements and Disclosures” and on a pending offer from a third party 
(See Note 3 to the Consolidated Financial Statements).
Losses from Interest Rate Contracts
During the year ended December 31, 2023, to satisfy a lender requirement, we entered into two agreements 
with the same third-party to purchase and sell a $600.0 million interest rate cap.  We did not elect hedge 
accounting, and as such, any change in market value will be recognized at the end of the period.  For the year 
ended December 31, 2023, we recognized a loss of approximately $79,000 from entering into these agreements.  
We did not recognize any losses during the year ended December 31, 2024.  
  
72

Interest Expense
Interest expense increased by approximately $65.5 million for the year ended December 31, 2024 compared 
to 2023, as detailed below.
Component
Change in interest 
expense for the year 
ended December 31, 
2024 compared to 
December 31, 2023
 
(in thousands)
Increases to interest expense due to:
New mortgage loan financings (1)
$ 
64,308 
Unsecured commercial paper (2)
 
18,582 
Issuance of $750 million in aggregate principal of 6.500% senior notes due 2034 on 
May 15, 2023
 
18,345 
Issuance of $850 million in aggregate principal of 5.750% senior notes due 2035 on 
August 26, 2024
 
16,979 
Other interest expense (excluding senior notes)
 
105 
Total increases to interest expense
 
118,319 
Decreases to interest expense due to:
Repayment of $700 million in aggregate principal of 3.800% senior notes due 2024 on 
February 1, 2024
 
(24,600) 
Decrease in interest associated with unsecured term loans and the unsecured credit 
facility, net (3)
 
(13,430) 
Repayment of $500 million in aggregate principal of 3.125% senior notes due 2023 on 
September 1, 2023
 
(10,672) 
Decrease in interest due to finance leases
 
(2,109) 
Increase in capitalized interest related to development projects
 
(1,724) 
Amortization expense of financing fees 
 
(239) 
Total decreases to interest expense
 
(52,774) 
Total change in interest expense
$ 
65,545 
______________
(1) Consists of the mortgage loan and, if applicable, fair value debt and swap adjustments collateralized by (1) 325 Main 
Street, 355 Main Street, 90 Broadway and Cambridge East Garage (also known as Kendall Center Green Garage) 
properties located in Cambridge, Massachusetts, (2) Santa Monica Business Park located in Santa Monica, California 
and (3) 901 New York Avenue located in Washington, DC (See Notes 7 and 8 to the Consolidated Financial Statements).
(2) On April 17, 2024, BPLP established an unsecured commercial paper program (See Note 7 to the Consolidated Financial 
Statements).
(3) Includes, if applicable, swap adjustments (See Note 8 to the Consolidated Financial Statements).
Interest expense directly related to the development of rental properties is capitalized and included in real 
estate assets on our Consolidated Balance Sheets and amortized over the useful lives of the real estate or lease 
term.  As portions of properties are placed in-service, we cease capitalizing interest on that portion and interest is 
then expensed.  Interest capitalized for the year ended December 31, 2024 and 2023 was approximately $42.0 
million and $42.6 million, respectively.  These costs are not included in the interest expense referenced above.  The 
decrease in capitalized interest is primarily attributable to a development project that had a finance lease and is now 
placed in service.
On January 15, 2025, we repaid at maturity $850.0 million in aggregate principal amount of our 3.200% 
unsecured senior notes.  The repayment was completed with available cash and proceeds from our August 2024 
offering of $850.0 million in aggregate principal amount of 5.750% unsecured senior notes due 2035.
At December 31, 2024, our variable rate debt consisted of (1) BPLP’s $2.0 billion 2021 Credit Facility, (2) 
BPLP’s $700.0 million 2023 Unsecured Term Loan and (3) BPLP’s $500.0 million unsecured commercial paper 
notes.  As of December 31, 2024, the 2021 Credit Facility did not have a balance outstanding.  In addition, we have 
the $100.0 million 2024 Unsecured Term Loan and $800.0 million of mortgage notes collateralized by Santa Monica 
Business Park and our 325 Main Street, 355 Main Street, 90 Broadway and Cambridge East Garage (also known 
  
73

as Kendall Center Green Garage) properties that bore interest at variable rates, which have all been hedged with 
interest rates swaps to fix SOFR for all or a portion of the applicable debt term.  For a summary of our consolidated 
debt as of December 31, 2024 refer to the heading “Liquidity and Capital Resources—Debt Financing” within 
“Item 7—Management’s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations.”
Noncontrolling Interests in Property Partnerships
Noncontrolling interests in property partnerships decreased by approximately $11.1 million for the year ended 
December 31, 2024 compared to 2023, as detailed below. 
Property
Noncontrolling Interests in Property Partnerships 
for the year ended December 31,
2024
2023
Change
(in thousands)
767 Fifth Avenue (the General Motors Building)
$ 
12,495 
$ 
13,201 
$ 
(706) 
7 Times Square (formerly Times Square Tower) (1)
 
15,657 
 
22,495 
 
(6,838) 
601 Lexington Avenue (2)
 
9,402 
 
13,625 
 
(4,223) 
100 Federal Street
 
11,443 
 
13,350 
 
(1,907) 
Atlantic Wharf Office Building
 
15,549 
 
15,936 
 
(387) 
343 Madison Avenue (3)
 
(32) 
 
(6) 
 
(26) 
300 Binney Street (4)
 
2,505 
 
60 
 
2,445 
290 Binney Street (5)
 
497 
 
— 
 
497 
$ 
67,516 
$ 
78,661 
$ 
(11,145) 
______________
(1) The decrease was primarily attributable to a decrease in lease revenue from our clients.
(2) The decrease was primarily attributable to a decrease in lease revenue from our clients and depreciation and 
amortization expense related to new and expiring clients.
(3) Property is held for future development.
(4) Property was fully placed in service on October 31, 2024.
(5) Property is currently in development.
Noncontrolling Interest—Common Units of the Operating Partnership
For BXP, noncontrolling interest—common units of the Operating Partnership decreased by approximately 
$20.1 million for the year ended December 31, 2024 compared to 2023 due primarily to a decrease in allocable 
income, which was primarily the result of recognizing a greater non-cash impairment charge related to our 
investment in unconsolidated joint ventures during the year ended December 31, 2024.  Due to our ownership 
structure, there is no corresponding line item on BPLP’s financial statements.   
Liquidity and Capital Resources 
General
Our principal liquidity needs for the next twelve months and beyond are to:
•
fund normal recurring expenses;
•
meet debt service and principal repayment obligations and balloon payments on maturing debt, 
including:
•
$700.0 million of principal outstanding on the 2023 Unsecured Term Loan due May 16, 2025,
•
$100.0 million of principal outstanding on the 2024 Unsecured Term Loan due September 26, 
2025, for which we have three, one-year extension options, subject to customary conditions,
•
$1.0 billion of 3.650% unsecured senior notes due February 1, 2026, and
•
amounts that become due under BPLP’s unsecured commercial paper program
•
fund capital calls from our unconsolidated joint venture investments to fund development costs, capital 
improvements, leasing costs and debt principal repayment;
•
fund development and redevelopment costs;
  
74

•
fund capital expenditures, including major renovations, tenant improvements and leasing costs;
•
fund possible acquisitions of properties, either directly or indirectly through the acquisition of equity
interests; and
•
make the minimum distribution required to enable BXP to maintain its REIT qualification under the
Internal Revenue Code of 1986, as amended.
We expect to satisfy these needs using one or more of the following:
•
cash flow from operations;
•
distribution of cash flows from joint ventures;
•
cash and cash equivalent balances;
•
borrowings under BPLP’s 2021 Credit Facility, unsecured term loans, short-term bridge facilities and
construction loans;
•
long-term secured and unsecured indebtedness (including unsecured exchangeable indebtedness);
•
sales of real estate and interests in joint ventures owning real estate;
•
private equity sources, including institutional investors; and
•
issuances of BXP equity securities and/or preferred or common units of partnership interests in BPLP.
We draw on multiple financing sources to fund our long-term capital needs.  We expect to fund our current 
development/redevelopment projects primarily with our available cash balances, funding from institutional private 
equity partners, construction loans, unsecured term loans, proceeds from possible asset sales, BPLP’s 2021 Credit 
Facility and BPLP's commercial paper program.  We use BPLP’s 2021 Credit Facility primarily as a bridge facility to 
fund acquisition opportunities, refinance outstanding indebtedness, fund short-term development costs and for 
working capital.  We also use BPLP’s 2021 Credit Facility to backstop BPLP’s commercial paper program.  Although 
we may seek to fund our development projects with construction loans, which may require guarantees by BPLP, the 
source of financing for each particular project ultimately depends on several factors, including, among others, the 
project’s size and duration, whether the project is owned by a joint venture, the extent of pre-leasing, our available 
cash and access to cost effective capital at the given time.
75

The following table presents information on properties under construction/redevelopment as of December 31, 2024 (dollars in thousands):
Office
360 Park Avenue South (71% ownership) 
(Redevelopment)
Q4 2026
New York, NY
1
450,000 
$ 
359,688 
$ 
418,300 
$ 156,470 
$ 
156,470 
$ 
58,612 
 23 % (6)
Reston Next Office Phase II
Q2 2026
Reston, VA
1
90,000 
45,672 
61,000 
— 
— 
15,328 
 9 % (7)
725 12th Street (Redevelopment)
Q4 2030
Washington, DC
1
320,000 
51,447 
349,600 
— 
— 
298,153 
 47 % (8)
Total Office Properties under Construction/Redevelopment
3
860,000 
456,807 
828,900 
156,470 
156,470 
372,093 
 30 %
Laboratory/Life Sciences 
651 Gateway (50% ownership) 
(Redevelopment)
Q3 2026
South San 
Francisco, CA
1
327,000 
132,083 
167,100 
— 
— 
35,017 
 21 % (9)
290 Binney Street (55% ownership)
Q2 2026
Cambridge, MA
1
573,000 
212,002 
508,000 
— 
— 
295,998 
 100 % (10)
Total Laboratory/Life Sciences Properties under Construction/Redevelopment
2
900,000 
344,085 
675,100 
— 
— 
331,015 
 71 %
Residential
121 Broadway Street (439 units)
Q2 2029
Cambridge, MA
1
492,000 
104,364 
597,800 
— 
— 
493,436 
 — %
Total Residential Property under Construction
1
492,000 
104,364 
597,800 
— 
— 
493,436 
 — %
Retail
Reston Next Retail
Q4 2025
Reston, VA
1
33,000 
24,427 
26,600 
— 
— 
2,173 
 13 %
Total Retail Properties under Construction
1
33,000 
24,427 
26,600 
— 
— 
2,173 
 13 %
Total Properties under Construction/Redevelopment
7
2,285,000 
$ 
929,683 
$ 2,128,400 
$ 156,470 
$ 
156,470 
$ 1,198,717 
 50 % (11)
Financings
Construction/Redevelopment Properties
Estimated 
Stabilization Date
Location
# of 
Buildings
Estimated 
Square 
Feet
Investment 
to Date 
(1)(2)(3)
Estimated 
Total 
Investment 
(1)(2)
Total 
Available 
(1)
Outstanding at 
December 31, 
2024 
(1)
Estimated 
Future Equity 
Requirement 
(1)(2)(4)
Percentage 
Leased (5)
___________ 
(1)
Represents our share.
(2)
Each of Investment to Date, Estimated Total Investment and Estimated Future Equity Requirement represent our share of acquisition expenses, as applicable, and reflect our share of the
estimated net revenue/expenses that we expect to incur prior to stabilization of the project, including any amounts actually received or paid through December 31, 2024.
(3)
Includes approximately $44.0 million of unpaid but accrued construction costs and leasing commissions.
(4)
Excludes approximately $44.0 million of unpaid but accrued construction costs and leasing commissions.
(5)
Represents percentage leased as of February 21, 2025, including leases with future commencement dates.
(6)
As of December 31, 2024, this property was 30% placed in-service.
(7)
As of December 31, 2024, this property was 6% placed in-service.
(8)
We acquired 725 12th Street on December 27, 2024 for a purchase price, excluding transaction costs, of $34.0 million. Concurrently with the acquisition, a lease was executed with
McDermott Will & Emery LLP for approximately 152,000 square feet of the redeveloped building (See Note 3 to the Consolidated Financial Statements).
(9)
As of December 31, 2024, this property was 27% placed in-service.  This property was fully placed in-service on January 2, 2025 (See Note 17 to the Consolidated Financial
Statements).
(10) On March 21, 2024, we completed the sale of a 45% interest in 290 Binney Street (See Note 10 to the Consolidated Financial Statements).  The project budget reflects our 55% share of
joint venture costs related to 290 Binney Street.  We have the sole obligation to construct an underground electrical vault for an estimated gross cost of $183.9 million.  We have entered
into a contract to sell the electrical vault to a third party for a fixed price of $84.1 million upon completion.  The net investment of $99.8 million will be included in our outside basis in 290
Binney Street.  We have invested $71.9 million for the vault as of December 31, 2024.
(11) Percentage leased excludes the residential property.
76

We seek to maximize income from our existing properties by maintaining quality standards for our properties 
that promote high occupancy rates and permit increases in rental rates while reducing client turnover and controlling 
operating expenses.  Our sources of revenue also include third-party fees generated by our property management, 
leasing, development and construction businesses, interest earned on cash deposits and, from time to time, the 
sale of assets.  We believe these sources of capital will continue to provide the funds necessary for our short-term 
liquidity needs.  Material adverse changes in one or more sources of capital may adversely affect our net cash flows 
and our ability to repay or refinance existing indebtedness as it matures.  
As of December 31, 2024, we had seven properties under development or redevelopment.  BXP’s Share of 
the estimated total investment for these projects is approximately $2.3 billion, of which approximately $1.3 billion 
remains to be funded through 2030.  
Since the third quarter of 2024, we further strengthened our balance sheet by repaying debt and extending 
maturities.  Notable transactions include:
•
On October 8, 2024, we modified the mortgage loan collateralized by our Santa Monica Business Park 
properties located in Santa Monica, California (“SMBP Loan”).  The SMBP Loan had an outstanding 
principal balance of $200.0 million, bore interest at a variable rate equal to Daily Simple SOFR plus 
1.38% per annum and was scheduled to mature on July 19, 2025.  The modified loan has an outstanding 
principal balance of $200.0 million, is scheduled to mature on October 8, 2028 and continues to bear 
interest at a variable rate equal to Daily Simple SOFR plus 1.38% per annum until July 19, 2025.  
Beginning July 19, 2025, the mortgage loan will bear interest at Daily Simple SOFR plus 1.60% per 
annum through the maturity date.  The entire principal is subject to interest rate swap contracts to fix 
Daily Simple SOFR at a weighted-average fixed interest rate of approximately 2.675% per annum 
through April 1, 2025 (See Notes 7 and 8 to the Consolidated Financial Statements).  
•
On January 15, 2025, we repaid at maturity $850.0 million in aggregate principal amount of our 3.200% 
unsecured senior notes.  The repayment was completed with available cash and proceeds from our 
August 2024 offering of $850.0 million in aggregate principal amount of 5.750% unsecured senior notes 
due 2035.
As of December 31, 2024, our share of unconsolidated joint venture debt maturing through February 2026 
was approximately $551.4 million.  This debt matures at different times through February 2026 and we expect to 
fund the repayment of this debt through a combination of refinancings in whole or in part, available cash balances, 
proceeds from asset sales, draws on BPLP’s 2021 Credit Facility, proceeds from BPLP’s unsecured commercial 
paper program, secured debt or unsecured debt.  
We expect net interest expense will be higher in 2025 as a result of lower projected interest income in 2025 
due to (i) lower cash balances as a result of ongoing development costs in 2025 and (ii) the repayment of our 
$850.0 million unsecured senior notes at maturity on January 15, 2025 (See Note 7 to the Consolidated Financial 
Statements).  We expect our interest expense will be flat or slightly higher in 2025 compared to 2024 (assuming no 
interest rate cuts by the Federal Reserve) primarily due to the increased interest expense associated with BPLP’s 
August 2024 issuance of $850.0 million aggregate principal amount of unsecured senior notes offset by lower 
average outstanding debt balances.    
As of February 21, 2025, we had available cash of approximately $366.7 million (of which approximately 
$125.0 million was attributable to our consolidated joint venture partners).  Our liquidity and capital resources 
depend on a wide range of factors, and we believe that our access to capital and our strong liquidity, including the 
approximately $1.2 billion available under BPLP’s 2021 Credit Facility and our available cash, as of February 21, 
2025, are sufficient to fund our remaining capital needs on existing development and redevelopment projects, fund 
acquisitions, repay our maturing indebtedness when due (if not refinanced or extended), satisfy our REIT 
distribution requirements and still allow us to act opportunistically on attractive investment opportunities.  We are 
currently in active negotiations for the disposition of three land sites and we expect to put an operating property into 
the market for sale in 2025.  If successful, these sales in aggregate could generate approximately $200.0 million of 
net proceeds in 2025, although it is possible that one of the land sales does not close until 2026.  However, there 
can be no assurance that we will complete any of these transactions on the terms and schedule currently 
contemplated or at all.
We may seek to enhance our liquidity to fund our current and future development activity, pursue additional 
attractive investment opportunities and refinance or repay indebtedness.  Depending on then-current interest rates, 
  
77

the overall conditions in the public and private debt and equity markets, and our existing and expected leverage at 
the time, we may decide to access one or more of these capital sources.  Doing so may result in greater cash and 
cash equivalents pending our use of the proceeds, and depending on the sources of liquidity, higher interest 
expense or share count. 
We have not sold any shares under BXP’s $600.0 million “at the market” equity offering program.
Inflation 
We are exposed to inflation risk, as income from long-term leases is the primary source of our cash flows from 
operations.  There are provisions in the majority of our client leases that protect us from, and mitigate the near term 
risk of, the impact of inflation.  These provisions include rent steps and resets to market, reimbursement billings for 
operating expense pass-through charges, real estate tax and insurance reimbursements on a per-square-foot basis, 
or in some cases, annual reimbursement of operating expenses above a certain per-square-foot allowance.  
However, due to the long-term nature of the leases, the rent may not increase frequently enough to fully cover 
inflation.
REIT Tax Distribution Considerations 
Dividend 
As a REIT, BXP is subject to a number of organizational and operational requirements, including a 
requirement that BXP currently distribute at least 90% of its annual taxable income (excluding capital gains and with 
certain other adjustments).  Our policy is for BXP to distribute at least 100% of its taxable income, including capital 
gains, to avoid paying federal tax.  Holders of common and LTIP units (other than unearned MYLTIP units) of limited 
partnership interest in BPLP receive the same distribution per unit that is paid per share of BXP common stock.  
BXP’s Board of Directors will continue to evaluate BXP’s dividend rate in light of our actual and projected 
taxable income (including gains on sales), liquidity requirements and other circumstances, and there can be no 
assurance that the future dividends declared by BXP’s Board of Directors will not differ materially from the current 
quarterly dividend amount. 
Sales 
To the extent that we sell assets at a gain and cannot efficiently use the proceeds in a tax deferred manner for 
either our development activities or attractive acquisitions, BXP would, at the appropriate time, decide whether it is 
better to declare a special dividend, adopt a stock repurchase program, reduce indebtedness or retain the cash for 
future investment opportunities.  Such a decision will depend on many factors including, among others, the timing, 
availability and terms of development and acquisition opportunities, our then-current and anticipated leverage, the 
cost and availability of capital from other sources, the price of BXP’s common stock and REIT distribution 
requirements.  At a minimum, we expect that BXP would distribute at least that amount of proceeds necessary for 
BXP to avoid paying corporate level tax on the applicable gains realized from any asset sales. 
From time to time in select cases, whether due to a change in use, structuring issues to comply with applicable 
REIT regulations or other reasons, we may sell an asset that is held by a taxable REIT subsidiary (“TRS”).  Such a 
sale by a TRS would be subject to federal and local taxes.  
Cash Flow Summary
The following summary discussion of our cash flows is based on the Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows 
and is not meant to be an all-inclusive discussion of the changes in our cash flows for the periods presented below.
Cash and cash equivalents and cash held in escrows aggregated approximately $1.3 billion and $1.6 billion at 
December 31, 2024 and 2023, respectively, representing a decrease of approximately $0.3 billion.  The following 
table sets forth changes in cash flows:
  
78

 
Year ended December 31,
2024
2023
Change
(in thousands)
Net cash provided by operating activities
$ 
1,234,501 $ 
1,301,520 $ 
(67,019) 
Net cash used in investing activities
 
(1,237,396)  
(1,193,681)  
(43,715) 
Net cash (used in) provided by financing activities
 
(274,476)  
767,916  
(1,042,392) 
Our principal source of cash flow is related to the operation of our properties.  The weighted-average term of 
our in-place leases, including leases signed by our unconsolidated joint ventures, excluding residential units, was 
approximately 7.8 years as of December 31, 2024, with occupancy rates historically in the range of 87% to 92%.  
Generally, our properties generate a relatively consistent stream of cash flows that provides us with resources to 
pay operating expenses, debt service and fund regular quarterly dividend and distribution payment requirements.  In 
addition, over the past several years, we have raised capital through the sale of some of our properties and through 
secured and unsecured borrowings.
Cash is used in investing activities to fund acquisitions, development, net investments in unconsolidated joint 
ventures and maintenance and repositioning capital expenditures.  Cash used in investing activities for the years 
ended December 31, 2024 and December 31, 2023 is detailed below:
 
Year ended December 31,
 
2024
2023
 
(in thousands)
Acquisitions of real estate (1)
$ 
(35,366) 
$ 
— 
Construction in progress (2)
 
(651,346) 
 
(525,963) 
Building and other capital improvements
 
(189,667) 
 
(171,424) 
Tenant improvements
 
(258,312) 
 
(310,925) 
Proceeds from sales of real estate
 
602 
 
517 
Acquisition of real estate upon consolidation of unconsolidated joint ventures 
(net of cash) (3)
 
6,086 
 
(13,155) 
Capital contributions to unconsolidated joint ventures (4)
 
(132,096) 
 
(192,650) 
Capital distributions from unconsolidated joint ventures (5)
 
28,325 
 
32,787 
Investment in non-real estate investments
 
(2,500) 
 
(2,187) 
Issuance of note receivables (including related party) (6)
 
(3,258) 
 
(12,177) 
Investments in securities, net
 
136 
 
1,496 
Net cash used in investing activities
$ 
(1,237,396) 
$ 
(1,193,681) 
Cash used in investing activities changed primarily due to the following:
(1) On December 27, 2024, we completed the acquisition of 725 12th Street located in Washington, DC, for a 
purchase price, including transaction costs, of approximately $35.4 million.  The acquisition was completed 
with available cash.  Following the acquisition, we commenced redevelopment of the property.
(2) Construction in progress for the year ended December 31, 2024 included ongoing expenditures associated 
with 760 Boylston Street, 180 CityPoint, 103 CityPoint and 300 Binney Street, which were fully placed in-
service during the year ended December 31, 2024.  In addition, we incurred costs associated with our 
continued development/redevelopment of Reston Next Office Phase II that was partially placed in-service, 
290 Binney Street, 121 Broadway and 725 12th Street.  
Construction in progress for the year ended December 31, 2023 included ongoing expenditures associated 
with 2100 Pennsylvania Avenue, 140 Kendrick Street Building A and the View Boston observatory at The 
Prudential Center, which were fully placed in-service during the year ended December 31, 2023 and 180 
CityPoint and 103 CityPoint that were partially placed in-service during the year ended December 31, 2023.  
In addition, we incurred costs associated with our continued development/redevelopment of Reston Next 
Office Phase II, 760 Boylston Street, 105 Carnegie Center, 290 Binney Street and 300 Binney Street.  On 
November 30, 2023, we elected to suspend redevelopment on 105 Carnegie Center located in Princeton, 
New Jersey.
  
79

(3) On January 8, 2024, we completed the acquisition of our joint venture partner’s 50% economic ownership 
interest in the joint venture that owns 901 New York Avenue, located in Washington, DC, for a gross 
purchase price of $10.0 million and we acquired net working capital, including cash and cash equivalents of 
approximately $16.1 million.
On December 14, 2023, we acquired our joint venture partner’s 45% interest in the joint venture entity that 
owns Santa Monica Business Park located in Santa Monica, California.  The acquisition was completed for 
a gross purchase price of $38.0 million and we acquired net working capital, including cash and cash 
equivalents of approximately $20 million.  Santa Monica Business Park is a 47-acre office park consisting of 
21 buildings totaling approximately 1.2 million net rentable square feet.  
(4) Capital contributions to unconsolidated joint ventures for the year ended December 31, 2024 consisted 
primarily of cash contributions of approximately $62.7 million, $32.1 million, $13.5 million and $11.6 million 
to our 360 Park Avenue South, Gateway Commons, Platform 16 and Dock 72 joint ventures, respectively.
Capital contributions to unconsolidated joint ventures for the year ended December 31, 2023 consisted 
primarily of cash contributions of approximately $62.6 million, $42.7 million, $18.0 million, $18.0 million, 
$14.9 million, $10.6 million and $10.1 million to our Gateway Commons, Platform 16, Worldgate Drive, Dock 
72, 360 Park Avenue South, 751 Gateway and Safeco Plaza joint ventures, respectively.  On January 31, 
2023, we entered into a new joint venture for 13100 and 13150 Worldgate Drive located in Herndon, 
Virginia.
(5) Capital distributions from unconsolidated joint ventures for the years ended December 31, 2024 and 2023 
consisted primarily of cash distributions from our 360 Park Avenue South joint venture.  
(6) On October 2, 2023, a joint venture in which we owned a 20% interest completed the restructuring of 
Metropolitan Square which included among other items, the closing of a new mezzanine loan with a 
maximum principal amount of $100.0 million.  The new mezzanine loan may be drawn upon for future 
lease-up, operating and other costs on an as needed basis, and amounts borrowed will bear interest at a 
per annum rate of 12%, compounded monthly.  We will fund 20%, or up to $20.0 million, of any amounts 
borrowed under the new mezzanine loan.  For the years ended December 31, 2024 and 2023, we had 
funded approximately $3.3 million and $1.7 million, respectively. 
On June 5, 2023, a joint venture in which we own a 30% interest repaid the existing construction loan 
collateralized by its 500 North Capitol Street, NW property and obtained new mortgage loans with related 
parties.  At the time of the payoff, the outstanding balance of the loan totaled approximately $105.0 million 
and was scheduled to mature on June 6, 2023.  The new mortgage loans have an aggregate principal 
balance of $105.0 million, bear interest at a weighted average fixed rate of 6.83% per annum and mature on 
June 5, 2026.  Our portion of the mortgage loans, $10.5 million, has been reflected as a Related Party Note 
Receivable on our Consolidated Balance Sheets.  500 North Capitol Street, NW is an approximately 
231,000 square foot premier workplace in Washington, DC.
Cash used in financing activities for the year ended December 31, 2024 totaled approximately $274.5 million.  
This amount consisted primarily of the repayment of BPLP’s $700.0 million in aggregate principal amount of its 
3.800% unsecured senior notes due February 1, 2024, repayment of $500.0 million of the outstanding balance of 
the 2023 Unsecured Term Loan and payment of our regular dividends and distributions to our shareholders and 
unitholders and distributions to noncontrolling interests in property partnerships, partially offset by the issuance of 
BPLP’s $850.0 million in aggregate principal amount of its 5.750% unsecured senior notes due 2035, $500.0 million 
of unsecured commercial paper borrowings, and $374.7 million in contributions from noncontrolling interests in 
property partnerships and proceeds from the sale of a 45% interest in 290 Binney Street in Cambridge, 
Massachusetts.  Future debt payments are discussed below under the heading “Debt Financing.”
  
80

Capitalization
The following table presents Consolidated Market Capitalization and BXP’s Share of Market Capitalization, as 
well as the corresponding ratios of Consolidated Debt to Consolidated Market Capitalization and BXP’s Share of 
Debt to BXP’s Share of Market Capitalization (in thousands, except for percentages):
December 31, 2024
Shares / Units 
Outstanding
Common 
Stock 
Equivalent
Equivalent 
Value (1)
Common Stock
 
158,175 
 
158,175 
$ 11,761,893 
Common Operating Partnership Units
 
18,066 
 
18,066 
 
1,343,388 
(2)
Total Equity
 
176,241 
$ 13,105,281 
Consolidated Debt 
$ 16,220,499 
Add:
BXP’s share of unconsolidated joint venture debt (3)
 
1,383,764 
Subtract:
Partners’ share of Consolidated Debt (4)
 
1,362,367 
BXP’s Share of Debt
$ 16,241,896 
Consolidated Market Capitalization
$ 29,325,780 
BXP’s Share of Market Capitalization
$ 29,347,177 
Consolidated Debt/Consolidated Market Capitalization
 55.31 %
BXP’s Share of Debt/BXP’s Share of Market Capitalization
 55.34 %
_______________  
(1) Values are based on the closing price per share of BXP’s common stock on the New York Stock Exchange on 
December 31, 2024 of $74.36.
(2) Includes long-term incentive plan units (including 2012 OPP Units and 2013 - 2021 MYLTIP Units but excluding the 
2022 - 2024 MYLTIP Units because the three-year performance periods had not ended as of December 31, 2024).
(3) See page 88 for additional information.
(4) See page 86 for additional information.
Consolidated Debt to Consolidated Market Capitalization Ratio is a measure of leverage commonly used by 
analysts in the REIT sector.  We present this measure as a percentage and it is calculated by dividing (A) our 
consolidated debt by (B) our consolidated market capitalization, which is the market value of our outstanding equity 
securities plus our consolidated debt.  Consolidated market capitalization is the sum of:
(1)  
our consolidated debt; plus
(2)  
the product of (x) the closing price per share of BXP common stock on December 31, 2024, as 
reported by the New York Stock Exchange, multiplied by (y) the sum of:
(i)  
the number of outstanding shares of common stock of BXP, 
(ii)  
the number of outstanding OP Units in BPLP (excluding OP Units held by BXP),
(iii)  
the number of OP Units issuable upon conversion of all outstanding LTIP Units, assuming 
all conditions have been met for the conversion of the LTIP Units, and
(iv)  
the number of OP Units issuable upon conversion of 2012 OPP Units, and 2013 - 2021 
MYLTIP Units that were issued in the form of LTIP Units.
The calculation of consolidated market capitalization does not include LTIP Units issued in the form of MYLTIP 
Awards unless and until certain performance thresholds are achieved and they are earned.  Because their three-
year performance periods have not yet ended, 2022 - 2024 MYLTIP Units are not included in this calculation as of 
December 31, 2024.  
  
81

We also present BXP’s Share of Market Capitalization and BXP’s Share of Debt/BXP’s Share of Market 
Capitalization, which are calculated in the same manner, except that BXP’s Share of Debt is utilized instead of our 
consolidated debt in both the numerator and the denominator.  BXP’s Share of Debt is defined as our consolidated 
debt plus our share of debt from our unconsolidated joint ventures (calculated based upon our ownership 
percentage), minus our partners’ share of debt from our consolidated joint ventures (calculated based upon the 
partners’ percentage ownership interests adjusted for basis differentials).  Management believes that BXP’s Share 
of Debt provides useful information to investors regarding our financial condition because it includes our share of 
debt from unconsolidated joint ventures and excludes our partners’ share of debt from consolidated joint ventures, in 
each case presented on the same basis.  We have several significant joint ventures and presenting various 
measures of financial condition in this manner can help investors better understand our financial condition and/or 
results of operations after taking into account our economic interest in these joint ventures.  We caution investors 
that the ownership percentages used in calculating BXP’s Share of Debt may not completely and accurately depict 
all of the legal and economic implications of holding an interest in a consolidated or unconsolidated joint venture.  
For example, in addition to partners’ interests in profits and capital, venture agreements vary in the allocation of 
rights regarding decision making (both for routine and major decisions), distributions, transferability of interests, 
financing and guarantees, liquidations and other matters.  Moreover, in some cases we exercise significant 
influence over, but do not control, the joint venture in which case GAAP requires that we account for the joint 
venture entity using the equity method of accounting and we do not consolidate it for financial reporting purposes.  
In other cases, GAAP requires that we consolidate the venture even though our partner(s) own(s) a significant 
percentage interest.  As a result, management believes that the presentation of BXP’s Share of a financial measure 
should not be considered a substitute for, and should only be considered with and as a supplement to our financial 
information presented in accordance with GAAP.
We present these supplemental ratios because our degree of leverage could affect our ability to obtain 
additional financing for working capital, capital expenditures, acquisitions, development or other general corporate 
purposes and because different investors and lenders consider one or both of these ratios.  Investors should 
understand that these ratios are, in part, a function of the market price of the common stock of BXP and as such will 
fluctuate with changes in such price, and they do not necessarily reflect our capacity to incur additional debt to 
finance our activities or our ability to manage our existing debt obligations.  However, for a company like BXP, 
whose assets are primarily income-producing real estate, these ratios may provide investors with an alternate 
indication of leverage, so long as they are evaluated along with the ratio of indebtedness to other measures of asset 
value used by financial analysts and other financial ratios, as well as the various components of our outstanding 
indebtedness.
For a discussion of our unconsolidated joint venture indebtedness, see “Liquidity and Capital Resources—
Investment in Unconsolidated Joint Ventures - Secured Debt” within “Item 7—Management’s Discussion and 
Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations” and for a discussion of our consolidated joint venture 
indebtedness see “Liquidity and Capital Resources—Mortgage Notes Payable” within “Item 7—Management’s 
Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations.”
Debt Financing
As of December 31, 2024, we had approximately $16.2 billion of outstanding consolidated indebtedness, 
representing approximately 55.31% of our Consolidated Market Capitalization as calculated above consisting of 
approximately (1) $10.6 billion (net of discount and deferred financing fees) in publicly traded unsecured senior 
notes having a GAAP weighted-average interest rate of 4.07% per annum and maturities in 2025 through 2035 (See 
Note 17 to the Consolidated Financial Statements), (2) $4.3 billion (net of deferred financing fees and fair value 
interest adjustments) of property-specific mortgage debt having a GAAP weighted-average interest rate of 
4.17% per annum and a weighted-average term of 3.8 years, (3) $0.8 billion (net of deferred financing fees and fair 
value interest adjustments) of unsecured term loans having a GAAP weighted-average interest rate of 5.88% per 
annum with maturities in 2025, and (4) $0.5 billion of unsecured commercial paper borrowings having a weighted-
average interest rate of 4.79% per annum and a weighted-average maturity of 38 days, from the issuance date.
  
82

The table below summarizes the aggregate carrying value of our outstanding indebtedness, as well as 
Consolidated Debt Financing Statistics at December 31, 2024 and December 31, 2023.  
December 31,
2024
2023
 
(dollars in thousands)
Debt Summary:
Balance
Mortgage notes payable, net
$ 4,276,609 
$ 4,166,379 
Unsecured senior notes, net
 10,645,077 
 10,491,617 
Unsecured line of credit
 
— 
 
— 
Unsecured term loans, net
 
798,813 
 1,198,301 
Unsecured commercial paper
 
500,000 
 
— 
Consolidated Debt
 16,220,499 
 15,856,297 
Add:
BXP’s share of unconsolidated joint venture debt, net (1)
 1,383,764 
 1,421,655 
Subtract:
Partners’ share of consolidated mortgage notes payable, net (2)
 1,362,367 
 1,360,375 
BXP’s Share of Debt
$ 16,241,896 
$ 15,917,577 
December 31,
2024
2023
Consolidated Debt Financing Statistics:
Percent of total debt:
Fixed rate (3)
 92.61 %
 100.00 %
Variable rate
 7.39 %
 — %
Total
 100.00 %
 100.00 %
GAAP Weighted-average interest rate at end of period:
Fixed rate (3)
 4.11 %
 4.11 %
Variable rate
 5.47 %
 — %
Total
 4.21 %
 4.11 %
Coupon/Stated Weighted-average interest rate at end of period:
Fixed rate (3)
 3.89 %
 3.96 %
Variable rate
 5.34 %
 — %
Total
 4.00 %
 3.96 %
Weighted-average maturity at end of period (in years):
Fixed rate (3)
 
4.6 
 
4.6 
Variable rate
 
0.2 
 
— 
Total
 
4.3 
 
4.6 
_______________
(1) See page 88 for additional information.
(2) See page 86 for additional information. 
(3) At December 31, 2024, BPLP’s $100.0 million 2024 Unsecured Term Loan and two of our mortgage loans aggregating 
approximately $800.0 million bore interest at variable rates.  We entered into interest rate swap contracts that effectively 
fixed the variability of these loans for all or a portion of the applicable debt term and as such, they are reflected in our 
Fixed rate statistics.  At December 31, 2023, BPLP’s 2023 Unsecured Term Loan and two of our mortgage loans 
aggregating approximately $900.0 million bore interest at variable rates that were subject to interest rate swaps that 
effectively fixed the interest rate for all or a portion of the applicable debt term.  As such, they are reflected in our Fixed 
rate statistics.
  
83

Unsecured Credit Facility
The 2021 Credit Facility provides for borrowings of up to $2.0 billion, as described below, through BPLP’s 
revolving facility, subject to customary conditions.  The 2021 Credit Facility matures on June 15, 2026 and includes 
a sustainability-linked pricing component.  Under the 2021 Credit Facility, BPLP had the option to increase the 
original total commitment of $1.5 billion by up to an additional $500.0 million by increasing the amount of the 
revolving facility and/or by incurring one or more term loans, in each case, subject to syndication of the increase and 
other conditions (the “Accordion Option”).  On September 28, 2023, BPLP exercised a portion of the Accordion 
Option, which increased the then maximum borrowing amount under the 2021 Credit Facility from $1.5 billion to 
$1.815 billion.  On April 29, 2024, BPLP exercised the remainder of the Accordion Option and further increased the 
maximum borrowing amount under the 2021 Credit Facility to $2.0 billion.  All other terms of the 2021 Credit Facility 
remain unchanged.
Based on BPLP’s December 31, 2024 credit rating, (1) the applicable Daily SOFR, Term SOFR, alternative 
currency daily rate, and alternative currency term rate margins are 0.850%, (2) the alternate base rate margin is 
zero basis points and (3) the facility fee is 0.20% per annum.
The 2021 Credit Facility is used as a backstop for BPLP’s $500.0 million unsecured commercial paper 
program (See “Unsecured Commercial Paper” below).  As such, BPLP intends to maintain, at a minimum, 
availability under the 2021 Credit Facility in an amount equal to the amount of unsecured commercial paper notes 
outstanding.  
At December 31, 2024, BPLP had no borrowings under its 2021 Credit Facility, outstanding letters of credit 
totaling approximately $5.4 million, and $500.0 million is being used as a backstop for the commercial paper 
program.  At February 21, 2025, BPLP had $310.0 million outstanding under its 2021 Credit Facility, outstanding 
letters of credit totaling approximately $5.4 million, and $500.0 million is being used as a backstop for the 
commercial paper program.  Therefore, at December 31, 2024 and February 21, 2025, BPLP has the ability to 
borrow approximately $1.5 billion and $1.2 billion, respectively.
Unsecured Term Loans
The 2023 Unsecured Term Loan provided for a single borrowing of up to $1.2 billion.  Upon entry into the 
credit agreement in January 2023, BPLP exercised its option to draw $1.2 billion under the 2023 Unsecured Term 
Loan.  Under the credit agreement governing the 2023 Unsecured Term Loan, BPLP may, at any time prior to the 
maturity date, increase total commitments by up to an additional $300.0 million in aggregate principal amount by 
increasing the existing 2023 Unsecured Term Loan or incurring one or more additional term loans, in each case, 
subject to syndication of the increase and other conditions.  On April 29, 2024, BPLP repaid $500.0 million of the 
outstanding balance under the 2023 Unsecured Term Loan from the proceeds of its unsecured commercial paper 
program (See “Unsecured Commercial Paper” below).  The 2023 Unsecured Term Loan had an initial maturity date 
of May 16, 2024, with one 12-month extension option, subject to customary conditions.  On May 16, 2024, BPLP 
exercised its option to extend the maturity date of the 2023 Unsecured Term Loan to May 16, 2025.  All other terms 
of the 2023 Unsecured Term Loan remain unchanged. 
At BPLP’s option, loans under the 2023 Unsecured Term Loan will bear interest at a rate per annum equal to 
(1) a base rate equal to the greatest of (a) the Federal Funds rate plus 0.5%, (b) the administrative agent’s prime 
rate, (c) Term SOFR for a one-month period plus 1.00%, and (d) 1.00%, in each case, plus a margin ranging from 0 
to 60 basis points based on BPLP’s credit rating; or (2) a rate equal to adjusted Term SOFR with a one-month 
period plus a margin ranging from 75 to 160 basis points based on BPLP’s credit rating.  
On September 27, 2024, BPLP entered into the 2024 Unsecured Term Loan with the Lender under the SMBP 
Loan.  Upon entry into the credit agreement, BPLP exercised its option to draw $100.0 million under the 2024 
Unsecured Term Loan.  The proceeds were used to repay the portion of the SMBP Loan held by the Lender.  After 
the repayment, the SMBP Loan had a remaining principal balance of $200.0 million (See Note 7 to the Consolidated 
Financial Statements).  The 2024 Unsecured Term Loan matures on September 26, 2025 with three, one-year 
extension options, subject to customary conditions.
At BPLP’s option, loans under the 2024 Unsecured Term Loan will bear interest at a rate per annum equal to 
(1) a base rate equal to the highest of (a) zero, (b) Prime Rate, (c) the Federal Funds effective rate plus 0.50%, and 
(d) Term SOFR for a one-month period plus 1.10%, in each case, plus a margin ranging from 0 to 60 basis points 
based on BPLP’s credit rating; or (2) a rate equal to adjusted Term SOFR or Daily Simple SOFR with a one-month 
period plus a margin ranging from 75 to 160 basis points based on BPLP’s credit rating.  
  
84

Based on BPLP’s December 31, 2024 credit rating, (1) the 2023 Unsecured Term Loan bears interest at a rate 
equal to Term SOFR plus 1.05% per annum and (2) the 2024 Unsecured Term Loan bears interest at a rate equal to 
Daily Simple SOFR plus 1.05% per annum.  The 2024 Unsecured Term Loan is subject to an existing interest rate 
swap to fix Daily Simple SOFR at a fixed rate of approximately 2.688% per annum for a period that ends on April 1, 
2025 (See Note 8 to the Consolidated Financial Statements).  At December 31, 2024 and February 21, 2025, BPLP 
had $700.0 million and $100.0 million of principal outstanding under the 2023 Unsecured Term Loan and 2024 
Unsecured Term Loan, respectively. 
Unsecured Senior Notes
For a description of BPLP’s outstanding unsecured senior notes as of December 31, 2024, See Note 7 to the 
Consolidated Financial Statements.
On February 1, 2024, BPLP repaid $700.0 million in aggregate principal amount of its 3.800% senior notes 
due February 1, 2024.  The repayment was completed with available cash.  The repayment price was approximately 
$713.3 million, which was equal to the stated principal plus approximately $13.3 million of accrued and unpaid 
interest to, but not including, the repayment date.  Excluding the accrued and unpaid interest, the repayment price 
was equal to the principal amount being repaid.
On August 26, 2024, BPLP completed a public offering of $850.0 million in aggregate principal amount of its 
5.750% unsecured senior notes due 2035.  The notes were priced at 99.961% of the principal amount to yield an 
effective rate (including financing fees) of approximately 5.842% per annum to maturity. The notes will mature on 
January 15, 2035, unless earlier redeemed.  The aggregate net proceeds from the offering were approximately 
$841.9 million after deducting underwriting discounts and transaction expenses.
On January 15, 2025, BPLP repaid $850.0 million in aggregate principal amount of its 3.200% senior notes 
due January 15, 2025.  The repayment was completed with available cash and the proceeds from BPLP’s August 
2024 offering of unsecured senior notes.  The repayment price was approximately $863.6 million, which was equal 
to the stated principal plus approximately $13.6 million of accrued and unpaid interest to, but not including, the 
repayment date.  Excluding the accrued and unpaid interest, the repayment price was equal to the principal amount 
being repaid.  
The indenture relating to the unsecured senior notes contains certain financial restrictions and requirements, 
including (1) a leverage ratio not to exceed 60%, (2) a secured debt leverage ratio not to exceed 50%, (3) an 
interest coverage ratio of greater than 1.50, and (4) an unencumbered asset value of not less than 150% of 
unsecured debt.  At December 31, 2024, BPLP was in compliance with each of these financial restrictions and 
requirements.
Unsecured Commercial Paper 
On April 17, 2024, BPLP established an unsecured commercial paper program.  Under the terms of the 
program, BPLP may issue, from time to time, unsecured commercial paper notes up to a maximum aggregate 
amount outstanding at any one time of $500.0 million with varying maturities of up to one year.  Amounts available 
under the unsecured commercial paper program may be borrowed, repaid, and re-borrowed from time to time.  The 
notes are sold in private placements and rank pari passu with all of BPLP’s other unsecured senior indebtedness, 
including its outstanding senior notes.  The unsecured commercial paper program is backstopped by available 
capacity under the 2021 Credit Facility.  At December 31, 2024, BPLP had an aggregate of $500.0 million of 
unsecured commercial paper notes outstanding that bore interest at a weighted-average rate of approximately 
4.79% per annum and had a weighted-average maturity of 38 days, from the issuance date.  At February 21, 2025, 
BPLP had an aggregate of $500.0 million of commercial paper notes outstanding that bore interest at a weighted-
average rate of approximately 4.64% per annum and had a weighted-average maturity of 46 days, from the 
issuance date.  Proceeds from the unsecured commercial paper program were used to reduce BPLP’s 2023 
Unsecured Term Loan from $1.2 billion to $700.0 million.
Mortgage Notes Payable
On January 8, 2024, we acquired our joint venture partner’s 50% economic ownership interest in the joint 
venture that owns 901 New York Avenue located in Washington, DC (See Note 3 to the Consolidated Financial 
Statements).  The property is subject to existing mortgage indebtedness.  At acquisition, the mortgage loan had an 
outstanding principal balance of approximately $207.1 million, bore interest at 3.61% per annum and was scheduled 
to mature on January 5, 2025.  The mortgage loan was recorded at a fair value of approximately $198.7 million.  On 
  
85

January 11, 2024, we modified the mortgage loan to provide for two extension options totaling five years of 
additional term, each subject to certain conditions.  On December 20, 2024, we exercised the first extension option 
to extend the maturity date to January 5, 2029.  At the time of the extension, the outstanding principal balance was 
$202.3 million.  The extended loan bears interest at 5.00% per annum beginning January 5, 2025.  The loan has a 
one-year extension option remaining, subject to certain conditions. 
On October 8, 2024, we modified the mortgage loan collateralized by our Santa Monica Business Park 
properties located in Santa Monica, California.  The mortgage loan had an outstanding principal balance of 
$200.0 million, bore interest at a variable rate equal to Daily Simple SOFR plus 1.38% per annum and was 
scheduled to mature on July 19, 2025.  The modified loan is scheduled to mature on October 8, 2028 and continues 
to bear interest at a variable rate equal to Daily Simple SOFR plus 1.38% per annum until July 19, 2025.  Beginning 
July 19, 2025, the mortgage loan will bear interest at Daily Simple SOFR plus 1.60% per annum through the 
maturity date.  The entire principal is subject to interest rate swap contracts to fix Daily Simple SOFR at a weighted-
average fixed interest rate of approximately 2.675% per annum through April 1, 2025 (See Note 8 to the 
Consolidated Financial Statements).  The mortgage loan requires monthly interest-only payments during the term of 
the loan, with the entire principal due at maturity.  Santa Monica Business Park is an office park consisting of 21 
buildings totaling approximately 1.2 million net rentable square feet.
The following represents the outstanding mortgage notes payable, net at December 31, 2024:
Properties
Stated 
Interest 
Rate
GAAP 
Interest 
Rate (1)
Stated 
Principal 
Amount
Fair Value 
Adjustment 
and 
Deferred 
Financing 
Costs, Net 
Carrying 
Amount
Carrying 
Amount 
(Partners’ 
Share)
Maturity Date
 
(dollars in thousands)
Wholly-owned
901 New York Avenue
 3.61 %
 7.69 %
$ 202,313 
$ 
(621) $ 201,692 
N/A
(2)
January 5, 2029
Santa Monica Business Park
 4.05 %
 6.65 %
 
200,000 
 
(1,979)  
198,021 
N/A
(3)(4)
October 8, 2028
90 Broadway, 325 Main Street, 
355 Main Street, and 
Cambridge East Garage (also 
known as Kendall Center 
Green Garage)
 6.04 %
 6.27 %
 
600,000 
 
(5,131)  
594,869 
N/A
(3)(5)
October 26, 2028
Subtotal
 1,002,313 
 
(7,731)  
994,582 
N/A
Consolidated Joint Ventures
767 Fifth Avenue (the General 
Motors Building)
 3.43 %
 3.64 %
 2,300,000 
 
(8,502)  2,291,498 
$ 916,629 
(3)(6)
(7)
June 9, 2027
601 Lexington Avenue
 2.79 %
 2.93 %
 1,000,000 
 
(9,471)  
990,529 
 
445,738 
(3)(8)
January 9, 2032
Subtotal
 3,300,000 
 
(17,973)  3,282,027 
 1,362,367 
Total
$ 4,302,313 
$ 
(25,704) $ 4,276,609 
$ 1,362,367 
_______________ 
(1) The GAAP interest rate differs from the stated interest rate due to the inclusion of the amortization of financing charges, 
the effects of hedging transactions (if any) and adjustments required under Accounting Standards Codification 805 
“Business Combinations” to reflect loans and swaps at their fair values (if any).
(2) Carrying amount includes an approximately $0.1 million fair value interest adjustment.  Beginning January 5, 2025, the 
loan will bear interest at a stated fixed rate of 5.0% per annum.  The loan has a one-year extension option remaining, 
subject to certain conditions.
(3) The mortgage loan requires interest only payments with a balloon payment due at maturity.
(4) The mortgage loan bears interest at a variable rate of Daily Simple SOFR plus 1.38% per annum (See Note 7 to the 
Consolidated Financial Statements).  The borrower under the loan entered into interest rate swap contracts to fix Daily 
Simple SOFR at a weighted-average fixed interest rate of 2.675% for the period commencing on February 1, 2023 and 
ending on April 1, 2025.  Stated interest rate reflects the weighted average fixed interest rate based on the interest rate 
swap contracts plus 1.38% per annum.  Carrying amount includes an approximately $1.0 million fair value interest 
adjustment and excludes the adjustment required to reflect the interest rate swap at fair value upon acquisition of 
approximately $0.9 million.  Beginning July 19, 2025, the mortgage loan will bear interest at Daily Simple SOFR plus 
1.60% per annum through the maturity date.
(5) The mortgage loan bears interest at a variable rate of Daily Compounded SOFR plus 2.25% per annum.  On December 
7, 2023, BPLP entered into three interest rate swap contracts with notional amounts aggregating $600.0 million to fix 
Daily Compounded SOFR at a weighted-average fixed interest rate of 3.7925% for the period commencing on 
December 15, 2023 and ending on October 26, 2028.  The stated interest rate reflects the weighted average fixed 
interest rate based on the interest rate swap contracts plus 2.25% per annum. 
  
86

(6) This property is owned by a consolidated entity in which we have a 60% interest.  The partners’ share of the carrying
amount has been adjusted for basis differentials.
(7) In connection with the refinancing of the loan, we guaranteed the consolidated entity’s obligation to fund various
reserves for tenant improvement costs and allowances, leasing commissions and free rent obligations in lieu of cash
deposits.  As of December 31, 2024, the maximum funding obligation under the guarantee was approximately $6.4
million.  We earn a fee from the joint venture for providing the guarantee and have an agreement with our partners to
reimburse the joint venture for their share of any payments made under the guarantee (See Note 9 to the Consolidated
Financial Statements).
(8) This property is owned by a consolidated entity in which we have a 55% interest.
Contractual aggregate principal payments of mortgage notes payable at December 31, 2024 are as 
follows:
Principal Payments
 Year
(in thousands)
2025
$ 
4,250 
2026
4,357 
2027
2,304,580 
2028
804,815 
2029
184,311 
Thereafter
1,000,000 
$ 
4,302,313 
Derivative Instruments and Hedging Activities
As of December 31, 2024, we had $900.0 million of interest rate swaps outstanding, where hedge accounting 
was elected, with a fair value of approximately $5.3 million.  For a description of these interest rate swaps, see Note 
8 to the Consolidated Financial Statements.
87

Investment in Unconsolidated Joint Ventures - Secured Debt
We have investments in unconsolidated joint ventures with our effective ownership interests ranging from 20% to approximately 71%.  Fourteen of these 
ventures have mortgage indebtedness.  We exercise significant influence over, but do not control, these entities.  As a result, we account for them using the equity 
method of accounting.  See also Note 6 to the Consolidated Financial Statements.  At December 31, 2024, the aggregate carrying amount of debt, including both 
our and our partners’ share, incurred by these ventures was approximately $3.2 billion (of which our proportionate share is approximately $1.4 billion).  The table 
below summarizes the outstanding debt of these joint venture properties at December 31, 2024.  In addition to other guarantees specifically noted in the table, we 
have agreed to customary environmental indemnifications and nonrecourse carve-outs (e.g., guarantees against fraud, misrepresentation and bankruptcy) as well 
as the completion of development projects on certain of the loans. 
Properties
Nominal % 
Ownership 
Stated 
Interest 
Rate
GAAP 
Interest 
Rate (1)
Term of Variable 
Rate + Spread
Stated 
Principal 
Amount
Deferred 
Financing 
Costs, Net
Carrying 
Amount
Carrying 
Amount 
(Our share)
Maturity Date
(dollars in thousands)
360 Park Avenue South
 71.11 %
 6.90 %
 7.21 %
Term SOFR + 
2.50%
$ 220,000 
$ 
(1,816) $ 218,184 
$ 155,151 
(2)(3)(4)
December 13, 2027
Market Square North
 50.00 %
 6.89 %
 7.07 %
SOFR + 2.41%
125,000 
(197)
124,803
62,402 
(2)(3)(5)
November 10, 2025
1265 Main Street
 50.00 %
 3.77 %
 3.84 %
N/A
33,700 
(195)
33,505
16,753 
January 1, 2032
Colorado Center
 50.00 %
 3.56 %
 3.59 %
N/A
550,000 
(465)
549,535
274,768 
(2)
August 9, 2027
Dock 72
 50.00 %
 6.84 %
 7.12 %
SOFR +2.50%
198,383 
(507)
197,876
98,938 
(2)(6)
December 18, 2025
The Hub on Causeway - 
Podium
 50.00 %
 7.35 %
 7.75 %
Daily Simple 
SOFR + 2.50%
154,278 
(424)
153,854
76,927 
(2)(3)(7)
September 8, 2025
Hub50House
 50.00 %
 4.43 %
 4.51 %
SOFR + 1.35%
185,000 
(1,018) 
183,982 
91,991 
(2)(8)
June 17, 2032
100 Causeway Street
 50.00 %
 6.03 %
 6.12 %
Term SOFR + 
1.48%
333,579 
(396)
333,183
166,592 
(2)
September 5, 2025
7750 Wisconsin Avenue 
(Marriott International 
Headquarters)
 50.00 %
 5.75 %
 5.90 %
SOFR + 1.35%
251,541 
(122)
251,419
125,710 
(2)
April 26, 2025
Safeco Plaza
 33.67 %
 4.82 %
 6.68 %
SOFR + 2.32%
250,000 
(567)
249,433
83,984 
(2)(9) 
September 1, 2026
500 North Capitol Street, NW
 30.00 %
 6.83 %
 7.16 %
N/A
105,000 
(403)
104,597
31,289 
(2)(10)
June 5, 2026
200 Fifth Avenue
 26.69 %
 4.34 %
 5.60 %
Term SOFR + 
1.41%
600,000 
(6,512) 
593,488 
152,686 
(2)(11)
November 24, 2028
3 Hudson Boulevard
 25.00 %
 12.53 %
 12.53 %
Term SOFR + 
3.61%
80,000 
— 
80,000 
20,000 
(2)(12)
August 7, 2024
Skymark - Reston Next 
Residential
 20.00 %
 6.55 %
 6.87 %
SOFR + 2.00%
133,476 
(612)
132,864
26,573 
(2)(3)(13)
May 13, 2026
Total
$ 3,219,957 $ (13,234) $ 3,206,723 $ 1,383,764 
_______________ 
(1) The GAAP interest rate differs from the stated interest rate due to the inclusion of the amortization of financing costs, which includes mortgage recording fees, the
effects of hedging transactions (if any) and adjustments required under Accounting Standards Codification 805 “Business Combinations” to reflect loans at their fair
values (if any).
(2) The loan requires interest only payments with a balloon payment due at maturity.
(3) The loan includes certain extension options, subject to certain conditions.
88

(4) The loan bears interest at a variable rate equal to Term SOFR plus 2.50% per annum. The joint venture entered into an interest rate cap agreement with a financial
institution to limit its exposure to increases in Term SOFR rate to a cap of 5.00% per annum on a notional amount of $220.0 million through January 15, 2026.
(5) The loan bears interest at a variable rate equal to the greater of (1) the sum of (x) SOFR and (y) 2.41% or (2) 2.80% per annum.
(6) The loan bears interest at a variable rate equal to (1) the greater of (x) SOFR or (y) 0.25%, plus (2) 2.50% per annum.
(7) The joint venture entered into interest rate swap contracts with notional amounts aggregating $154.3 million through September 2, 2025, resulting in a fixed rate of
approximately 7.35% per annum through the expiration of the interest rate swap contracts.
(8) The joint venture entered into interest rate swap contracts with notional amounts aggregating $185.0 million through April 10, 2032, resulting in a fixed rate of
approximately 4.432% per annum through the expiration of the interest rate swap contracts.
(9) The loan bears interest at a variable rate equal to the greater of (x) 2.35% or (y) SOFR plus 2.32% per annum. The joint venture entered into an interest rate cap
agreement with a financial institution to limit its exposure to increases in the SOFR rate at a cap of 2.50% per annum on a notional amount of $250.0 million
through September 1, 2025.
(10) The indebtedness consists of (x) a $70.0 million mortgage loan payable (Note A) which bears interest at a fixed rate of 6.23% per annum, and (y) a $35.0 million
mortgage loan payable (Note B) which bears interest at a fixed rate of 8.03% per annum. We provided $10.5 million of the Note B mortgage financing to the joint
venture. Our portion of the loan is reflected as Related Party Note Receivables, Net on our Consolidated Balance Sheets.
(11) The joint venture entered into interest rate swap contracts with notional amounts aggregating $600.0 million through June 2028, resulting in a fixed rate of
approximately 4.34% per annum through the expiration of the interest rate swap contracts. The deferred financing costs, net include the adjustment required to
reflect the loan and interest rate swap at fair value upon acquisition.
(12) As of December 31, 2024, the loan was in a maturity default and had an outstanding balance, including accrued and unpaid interest and default interest, of
approximately $119.6 million. The joint venture is negotiating a new third-party loan, however, there can be no assurance that the joint venture will enter into a new
third-party loan on the terms and schedule currently contemplated or at all.  We are the lender of the loan, and the loan and accrued interest are reflected as
Related Party Note Receivables, Net and Tenant and Other Receivables, Net, respectively, on our Consolidated Balance Sheets.
(13) The construction financing has a borrowing capacity of $140.0 million.
89

Market Risk 
Market risk is the risk of loss from adverse changes in market prices and interest rates.  Our future earnings, 
cash flows and fair values relevant to financial instruments are dependent upon prevalent market interest rates.  Our 
primary market risk results from our indebtedness, which bears interest at fixed and variable rates.  The fair value of 
our debt obligations are affected by changes in the market interest rates.  We manage our market risk by matching 
long-term leases with long-term, fixed-rate, non-recourse debt of similar duration.  We continue to follow a 
conservative strategy of generally pre-leasing development projects on a long-term basis to creditworthy clients in 
order to achieve the most favorable construction and permanent financing terms.  As of December 31, 2024, 
approximately 92.61% of our outstanding debt, excluding our unconsolidated joint ventures and after taking into 
account hedging agreements, has fixed interest rates, which minimizes the interest rate risk through the maturity of 
the hedging agreements.  We also manage our market risk by entering into hedging arrangements with financial 
institutions.  Our primary objectives when undertaking hedging transactions and derivative positions is to reduce our 
floating rate exposure and to fix a portion of the interest rate for anticipated financing and refinancing transactions.  
This in turn, reduces the risks that the variability of cash flows imposes on variable rate debt.  Our strategy mitigates 
against future increases in our interest rates.
Including the effects of interest rate swaps, at December 31, 2024, our weighted-average coupon/stated rate 
on our fixed rate outstanding Consolidated Debt was 3.89% per annum.  At December 31, 2024, we had 
approximately $2.1 billion of consolidated variable rate debt outstanding, including $800.0 million of unsecured term 
loans, $500.0 million of unsecured commercial paper borrowings and approximately $800.0 million of secured debt.  
However, we entered into interest rate swaps with notional amounts aggregating $800.0 million for our secured debt 
and $100.0 million for BPLP’s 2024 Unsecured Term Loan, thus fixing the interest rates for all, or a portion of the 
applicable debt term (See Note 8 to the Consolidated Financial Statements for information pertaining to interest rate 
contracts in place as of December 31, 2024 and their respective fair values).  For example, if market interest rates 
on our variable rate debt had been 100 basis points greater, total interest expense would have increased 
approximately $21.0 million, on an annualized basis, for the year ended December 31, 2024.  
The information above does not include our unconsolidated joint venture debt.  For a discussion concerning 
our unconsolidated joint venture debt, see Note 6 to the Consolidated Financial Statements and “Item 7—
Management’s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations—Liquidity and Capital 
Resources—Investment in Unconsolidated Joint Ventures - Secured Debt.”
Funds from Operations
Pursuant to the revised definition of Funds from Operations adopted by the Board of Governors of the National 
Association of Real Estate Investment Trusts (“Nareit”), we calculate Funds from Operations, or “FFO,” for each of 
BXP and BPLP by adjusting net income attributable to BXP, Inc. and net income attributable to Boston Properties 
Limited Partnership (computed in accordance with GAAP), respectively, for gains (or losses) from sales of 
properties, including a change in control, impairment losses on depreciable real estate consolidated on our balance 
sheet, impairment losses on our investments in unconsolidated joint ventures driven by a measurable decrease in 
the fair value of depreciable real estate held by the unconsolidated joint ventures and our share of real estate-
related depreciation and amortization.  FFO is a non-GAAP financial measure.  We believe the presentation of FFO, 
combined with the presentation of required GAAP financial measures, improves the understanding of operating 
results of REITs among the investing public and helps make comparisons of REIT operating results more 
meaningful.  Management generally considers FFO to be a useful measure for understanding and comparing our 
operating results because, by excluding gains and losses related to sales or a change in control of previously 
depreciated operating real estate assets, impairment losses and real estate asset depreciation and amortization 
(which can differ across owners of similar assets in similar condition based on historical cost accounting and useful 
life estimates), FFO can help investors compare the operating performance of a company’s real estate across 
reporting periods and to the operating performance of other companies. 
Our computation of FFO may not be comparable to FFO reported by other REITs or real estate companies 
that do not define the term in accordance with the current Nareit definition or that interpret the current Nareit 
definition differently.  We believe that in order to facilitate a clear understanding of our operating results, FFO should 
be examined in conjunction with net income attributable to BXP, Inc. and net income attributable to Boston 
Properties Limited Partnership as presented in our Consolidated Financial Statements.  FFO should not be 
considered as a substitute for net income attributable to BXP, Inc. or net income attributable to Boston Properties 
Limited Partnership (determined in accordance with GAAP) or any other GAAP financial measures and should only 
be considered together with and as a supplement to our financial information prepared in accordance with GAAP.  
  
90

BXP
The following table presents a reconciliation of net income attributable to BXP, Inc. to FFO attributable to BXP, 
Inc. for the years ended December 31, 2024, 2023 and 2022:
 
Year ended December 31,
 
2024
2023
2022
 
(in thousands)
Net income attributable to BXP, Inc.
$ 
14,272 
$ 190,215 
$ 848,947 
Add:
Noncontrolling interest—common units of the Operating Partnership
 
2,400 
 
22,548 
 
96,780 
Noncontrolling interests in property partnerships
 
67,516 
 
78,661 
 
74,857 
Net income
 
84,188 
 
291,424 
 1,020,584 
Add:
Depreciation and amortization 
 
887,191 
 
830,813 
 
749,775 
Noncontrolling interests in property partnerships’ share of depreciation 
and amortization
 
(76,660) 
 
(73,027) 
 
(70,208) 
BXP’s share of depreciation and amortization from unconsolidated joint 
ventures
 
81,904 
 
101,199 
 
89,275 
Corporate-related depreciation and amortization
 
(1,710) 
 
(1,810) 
 
(1,679) 
Non-real estate depreciation and amortization
 
8,520 
 
(1,681) 
 
— 
Impairment loss
 
13,615 
 
— 
 
— 
Impairment losses included within loss from unconsolidated joint 
ventures (1)
 
341,338 
 
272,603 
 
50,705 
Less:
Gain on sale / consolidation included within loss from unconsolidated 
joint ventures (2)
 
21,696 
 
28,412 
 
— 
Gain on investment included within loss from unconsolidated joint 
ventures (3)
 
— 
 
35,756 
 
— 
Gains on sales of real estate
 
602 
 
517 
 
437,019 
Gain on sales-type lease
 
— 
 
— 
 
10,058 
Gain on sales-type lease included within loss from unconsolidated joint 
ventures
 
— 
 
1,368 
 
— 
Unrealized gain (loss) on non-real estate investment
 
546 
 
239 
 
(150) 
Noncontrolling interests in property partnerships
 
67,516 
 
78,661 
 
74,857 
Funds from Operations (FFO) attributable to the Operating Partnership 
common unitholders (including BXP, Inc.)
 1,248,026 
 1,274,568 
 1,316,668 
Less:
Noncontrolling interest—common units of the Operating Partnership’s 
share of funds from operations
 
127,548 
 
130,771 
  
133,115 
Funds from Operations attributable to BXP, Inc.
$ 1,120,478 
$ 1,143,797 
$ 1,183,553 
Our percentage share of Funds from Operations—basic
 89.78 %
 89.74 %
 89.89 %
Weighted average shares outstanding—basic
 
157,468 
 
156,863 
 
156,726 
___________
(1) The impairment loss on investment in unconsolidated joint venture consists of an other-than-temporary impairment loss 
on our investments in (i) Colorado Center, Gateway Commons and Safeco Plaza aggregating approximately $341.3 
million for the year ended December 31, 2024 (See Note 6 to the Consolidated Financial Statements), (ii) Platform 16, 
360 Park Avenue South, 200 Fifth Avenue and Safeco Plaza aggregating approximately $272.6 million for the year 
ended December 31, 2023 and (iii) the Dock 72 unconsolidated joint venture for the year ended December 31, 2022.  
(2) On January 8, 2024, we acquired our joint venture partner’s 50% economic ownership interest in 901 New York Avenue 
located in Washington, DC for a gross purchase price of $10.0 million.  We recognized a gain of approximately $21.8 
million on the consolidation of 901 New York Avenue (See Notes 3 and 6 to the Consolidated Financial Statements).  On 
December 14, 2023, we acquired our joint venture partner’s 45% ownership interest in Santa Monica Business Park 
located in Santa Monica, California for a purchase price of $38.0 million.  We recognized a gain of approximately $29.9 
million on the consolidation of Santa Monica Business Park.
  
91

(3) On October 2, 2023, a joint venture in which we owned a 20% equity interest completed a two-step restructuring of the 
ownership in Metropolitan Square, which resulted in, among other things, (i) the cessation of our obligation to fund future 
investments through our then 20% equity interest, which caused us to recognize a gain on investment of approximately 
$35.8 million related to our deficit investment balance that resulted from distributions, (ii) the removal of the property from 
our in-service portfolio, (iii) the sale of the property, which resulted in a loss on the sale of approximately $1.5 million and 
assignment of the existing senior loan to the new owner, and (iv) the closing of a new mezzanine loan.
The following tables presents a reconciliation of net income attributable to BXP, Inc. to Diluted FFO attributable 
to BXP, Inc. for income (numerator) and shares/units (denominator) for the years ended December 31, 2024, 2023 
and 2022:
 
Year ended December 31,
 
2024
2023
2022
 
(in thousands)
Net income attributable to BXP, Inc.
$ 
14,272 
$ 
190,215 
$ 
848,947 
Add:
Noncontrolling interest—common units of the Operating Partnership
 
2,400 
 
22,548 
 
96,780 
Noncontrolling interests in property partnerships
 
67,516 
 
78,661 
 
74,857 
Net income
 
84,188 
 
291,424 
 
1,020,584 
Add:
Depreciation and amortization 
 
887,191 
 
830,813 
 
749,775 
Noncontrolling interests in property partnerships’ share of depreciation 
and amortization
 
(76,660)  
(73,027)  
(70,208) 
BXP’s share of depreciation and amortization from unconsolidated joint 
ventures
 
81,904 
 
101,199 
 
89,275 
Corporate-related depreciation and amortization
 
(1,710)  
(1,810)  
(1,679) 
Non-real estate depreciation and amortization
 
8,520 
 
(1,681)  
— 
Impairment loss
 
13,615 
 
— 
 
— 
Impairment losses included within loss from unconsolidated joint 
ventures (1)
 
341,338 
 
272,603 
 
50,705 
Less:
Gain on sale / consolidation included within loss from unconsolidated 
joint ventures (2)
 
21,696 
 
28,412 
 
— 
Gain on investment included within loss from unconsolidated joint 
ventures (3)
 
— 
 
35,756 
 
— 
Gains on sales of real estate
 
602 
 
517 
 
437,019 
Gain on sales-type lease
 
— 
 
— 
 
10,058 
Gain on sales-type lease included within loss from unconsolidated joint 
ventures
 
— 
 
1,368 
 
— 
Unrealized gain (loss) on non-real estate investment
 
546 
 
239 
 
(150) 
Noncontrolling interests in property partnerships
 
67,516 
 
78,661 
 
74,857 
Funds from Operations (FFO) attributable to the Operating Partnership 
common unitholders (including BXP, Inc.)
 
1,248,026 
 
1,274,568 
 
1,316,668 
Effect of Dilutive Securities:
Stock based compensation
 
— 
 
—   
— 
Diluted FFO
 
1,248,026 
 
1,274,568 
 
1,316,668 
Less:
Noncontrolling interest—common units of the Operating Partnership’s 
share of diluted FFO
 
127,299 
 
130,516 
 
132,852 
Diluted FFO attributable to BXP, Inc. (4)
$ 1,120,727 
$ 1,144,052 
$ 1,183,816 
___________
(1) The impairment loss on investment in unconsolidated joint venture consists of an other-than-temporary impairment loss 
on our investments in (i) Colorado Center, Gateway Commons and Safeco Plaza aggregating approximately $341.3 
million for the year ended December 31, 2024 (See Note 6 to the Consolidated Financial Statements), (ii) Platform 16, 
  
92

360 Park Avenue South, 200 Fifth Avenue and Safeco Plaza aggregating approximately $272.6 million for the year 
ended December 31, 2023 and (iii) the Dock 72 unconsolidated joint venture for the year ended December 31, 2022.  
(2) On January 8, 2024, we acquired our joint venture partner’s 50% economic ownership interest in 901 New York Avenue 
located in Washington, DC for a gross purchase price of $10.0 million.  We recognized a gain of approximately $21.8 
million on the consolidation of 901 New York Avenue (See Notes 3 and 6 to the Consolidated Financial Statements).  On 
December 14, 2023, we acquired our joint venture partner’s 45% ownership interest in Santa Monica Business Park 
located in Santa Monica, California for a purchase price of $38.0 million.  We recognized a gain of approximately $29.9 
million on the consolidation of Santa Monica Business Park.
(3) On October 2, 2023, a joint venture in which we owned a 20% equity interest completed a two-step restructuring of the 
ownership in Metropolitan Square, which resulted in, among other things, (i) the cessation of our obligation to fund future 
investments through our then 20% equity interest, which caused us to recognize a gain on investment of approximately 
$35.8 million related to our deficit investment balance that resulted from distributions, (ii) the removal of the property from 
our in-service portfolio, (iii) the sale of the property, which resulted in a loss on the sale of approximately $1.5 million and 
assignment of the existing senior loan to the new owner, and (iv) the closing of a new mezzanine loan.
(4) BXP’s share of diluted Funds from Operations was 89.80%, 89.76% and 89.91% for the years ended December 31, 
2024, 2023 and 2022, respectively.
 
Year ended December 31,
 
2024
2023
2022
shares/units (in thousands)
Basic Funds from Operations
 
175,390 
 
174,796 
 
174,360 
Effect of Dilutive Securities:
Stock based compensation
 
325 
 
338 
 
411 
Diluted Funds from Operations
 
175,715 
 
175,134 
 
174,771 
Less:
Noncontrolling interest—common units of the Operating Partnership’s share 
of diluted Funds from Operations
 
17,922 
 
17,933 
 
17,634 
Diluted Funds from Operations attributable to BXP, Inc. (1)
 
157,793 
 
157,201 
 
157,137 
 _______________
(1) BXP’s share of diluted Funds from Operations was 89.80%, 89.76% and 89.91% for the years ended December 31, 
2024, 2023 and 2022, respectively.
  
93

BPLP
The following table presents a reconciliation of net income attributable to Boston Properties Limited 
Partnership to FFO attributable to Boston Properties Limited Partnership for the years ended December 31, 2024, 
2023 and 2022:
 
Year ended December 31,
 
2024
2023
2022
 
(in thousands)
Net income attributable to Boston Properties Limited Partnership 
$ 
23,480 
$ 
219,771 
$ 
957,265 
Add:
Noncontrolling interests in property partnerships
 
67,516 
 
78,661 
 
74,857 
Net income
 
90,996 
 
298,432 
 
1,032,122 
Add:
Depreciation and amortization 
 
880,383 
 
823,805 
 
742,293 
Noncontrolling interests in property partnerships’ share of depreciation 
and amortization
 
(76,660)  
(73,027)  
(70,208) 
BXP’s share of depreciation and amortization from unconsolidated 
joint ventures
 
81,904 
 
101,199 
 
89,275 
Corporate-related depreciation and amortization
 
(1,710)  
(1,810)  
(1,679) 
Non-real estate depreciation and amortization
 
8,520 
 
(1,681)  
— 
Impairment loss
 
13,615 
 
— 
 
— 
Impairment losses included within loss from unconsolidated joint 
ventures (1)
 
341,338 
 
272,603 
 
50,705 
Less:
Gain on sale / consolidation included within loss from unconsolidated 
joint ventures (2)
 
21,696 
 
28,412 
 
— 
Gain on investment included within loss from unconsolidated joint 
ventures (3)
 
— 
 
35,756 
 
— 
Gains on sales of real estate
 
602 
 
517 
 
441,075 
Gain on sales-type lease
 
— 
 
— 
 
10,058 
Gain on sales-type lease included within loss from unconsolidated joint 
ventures
 
— 
 
1,368 
 
— 
Unrealized gain (loss) on non-real estate investment
 
546 
 
239 
 
(150) 
Noncontrolling interests in property partnerships
 
67,516 
 
78,661 
 
74,857 
Funds from Operations attributable to Boston Properties Limited 
Partnership (4)
$ 1,248,026 
$ 1,274,568 
$ 
1,316,668 
Weighted average shares outstanding—basic
 
175,390 
 
174,796 
 
174,360 
 _______________
(1) The impairment loss on investment in unconsolidated joint venture consists of an other-than-temporary impairment loss 
on our investments in (i) Colorado Center, Gateway Commons and Safeco Plaza aggregating approximately $341.3 
million for the year ended December 31, 2024 (See Note 6 to the Consolidated Financial Statements), (ii) Platform 16, 
360 Park Avenue South, 200 Fifth Avenue and Safeco Plaza aggregating approximately $272.6 million for the year 
ended December 31, 2023 and (iii) the Dock 72 unconsolidated joint venture for the year ended December 31, 2022.  
(2) On January 8, 2024, we acquired our joint venture partner’s 50% economic ownership interest in 901 New York Avenue 
located in Washington, DC for a gross purchase price of $10.0 million.  We recognized a gain of approximately $21.8 
million on the consolidation of 901 New York Avenue (See Notes 3 and 6 to the Consolidated Financial Statements).  On 
December 14, 2023, we acquired our joint venture partner’s 45% ownership interest in Santa Monica Business Park 
located in Santa Monica, California for a purchase price of $38.0 million.  We recognized a gain of approximately $29.9 
million on the consolidation of Santa Monica Business Park.
(3) On October 2, 2023, a joint venture in which we owned a 20% equity interest completed a two-step restructuring of the 
ownership in Metropolitan Square, which resulted in, among other things, (i) the cessation of our obligation to fund future 
investments through our then 20% equity interest, which caused us to recognize a gain on investment of approximately 
$35.8 million related to our deficit investment balance that resulted from distributions, (ii) the removal of the property from 
our in-service portfolio, (iii) the sale of the property, which resulted in a loss on the sale of approximately $1.5 million and 
assignment of the existing senior loan to the new owner, and (iv) the closing of a new mezzanine loan.
  
94

(4) Our calculation includes OP Units and vested LTIP Units (including vested 2012 OPP Units and vested 2013 - 2021 
MYLTIP Units).
The following table presents a reconciliation of net income attributable to Boston Properties Limited 
Partnership to Diluted FFO attributable to Boston Properties Limited Partnership for income (numerator) and shares/
units (denominator) for the years ended December 31, 2024, 2023 and 2022:
 
Year ended December 31,
 
2024
2023
2022
 
(in thousands)
Net income attributable to Boston Properties Limited Partnership 
$ 
23,480 
$ 
219,771 
$ 
957,265 
Add:
Noncontrolling interests in property partnerships
 
67,516 
 
78,661 
 
74,857 
Net income
 
90,996 
 
298,432 
 
1,032,122 
Add:
Depreciation and amortization 
 
880,383 
 
823,805 
 
742,293 
Noncontrolling interests in property partnerships’ share of depreciation 
and amortization
 
(76,660)  
(73,027)  
(70,208) 
BXP’s share of depreciation and amortization from unconsolidated 
joint ventures
 
81,904 
 
101,199 
 
89,275 
Corporate-related depreciation and amortization
 
(1,710)  
(1,810)  
(1,679) 
Non-real estate depreciation and amortization
 
8,520 
 
(1,681)  
— 
Impairment loss
 
13,615 
 
— 
 
— 
Impairment losses included within loss from unconsolidated joint 
ventures (1)
 
341,338 
 
272,603 
 
50,705 
Less:
Gain on sale / consolidation included within loss from unconsolidated 
joint ventures (2)
 
21,696 
 
28,412 
 
— 
Gain on investment included within loss from unconsolidated joint 
ventures (3)
 
— 
 
35,756 
 
— 
Gains on sales of real estate
 
602 
 
517 
 
441,075 
Gain on sales-type lease
 
— 
 
— 
 
10,058 
Gain on sales-type lease included within loss from unconsolidated joint 
ventures
 
— 
 
1,368 
 
— 
Unrealized gain (loss) on non-real estate investment
 
546 
 
239 
 
(150) 
Noncontrolling interests in property partnerships
 
67,516 
 
78,661 
 
74,857 
Funds from Operations attributable to Boston Properties Limited 
Partnership (4)
 
1,248,026 
 
1,274,568 
 
1,316,668 
Effect of Dilutive Securities:
Stock based compensation
 
— 
 
— 
 
— 
Diluted Funds from Operations attributable to Boston Properties Limited 
Partnership 
$ 1,248,026 
$ 1,274,568 
$ 
1,316,668 
_______________
(1) The impairment loss on investment in unconsolidated joint venture consists of an other-than-temporary impairment loss 
on our investments in (i) Colorado Center, Gateway Commons and Safeco Plaza aggregating approximately $341.3 
million for the year ended December 31, 2024 (See Note 6 to the Consolidated Financial Statements), (ii) Platform 16, 
360 Park Avenue South, 200 Fifth Avenue and Safeco Plaza aggregating approximately $272.6 million for the year 
ended December 31, 2023 and (iii) the Dock 72 unconsolidated joint venture for the year ended December 31, 2022.  
(2) On January 8, 2024, we acquired our joint venture partner’s 50% economic ownership interest in 901 New York Avenue 
located in Washington, DC for a gross purchase price of $10.0 million.  We recognized a gain of approximately $21.8 
million on the consolidation of 901 New York Avenue (See Notes 3 and 6 to the Consolidated Financial Statements).  On 
December 14, 2023, we acquired our joint venture partner’s 45% ownership interest in Santa Monica Business Park 
located in Santa Monica, California for a purchase price of $38.0 million.  We recognized a gain of approximately $29.9 
million on the consolidation of Santa Monica Business Park.
(3) On October 2, 2023, a joint venture in which we owned a 20% equity interest completed a two-step restructuring of the 
ownership in Metropolitan Square, which resulted in, among other things, (i) the cessation of our obligation to fund future 
  
95

investments through our then 20% equity interest, which caused us to recognize a gain on investment of approximately 
$35.8 million related to our deficit investment balance that resulted from distributions, (ii) the removal of the property from 
our in-service portfolio, (iii) the sale of the property, which resulted in a loss on the sale of approximately $1.5 million and 
assignment of the existing senior loan to the new owner, and (iv) the closing of a new mezzanine loan.
(4) Our calculation includes OP Units and vested LTIP Units (including vested 2012 OPP Units and vested 2013 - 2021 
MYLTIP Units).
 
Year ended December 31,
 
2024
2023
2022
shares/units (in thousands)
Basic Funds from Operations
 
175,390  
174,796 
 
174,360 
Effect of Dilutive Securities:
Stock based compensation
 
325  
338 
 
411 
Diluted Funds from Operations 
 
175,715  
175,134 
 
174,771 
Material Cash Commitments
As of December 31, 2024, we were subject to contractual payment obligations, excluding our unconsolidated 
joint ventures commitments.  For details about our unconsolidated joint venture contractual payment obligations see 
“Investments in Unconsolidated Joint Ventures - Contractual Obligations” below.  Our primary contractual payment 
obligations, that are not disclosed in other sections of this Annual Report on Form 10-K, are client and development 
related and described in further detail below.  For details about our other contractual payment obligations related to 
operating and finance leases and debt, see Notes 4 and 7 to the Consolidated Financial Statements, respectively.
 
Payments Due by Period
 
Total
2025
2026
2027
2028
2029
Thereafter
 
(in thousands)
Commitments:
Client obligations (1)
$ 692,038 
$ 520,934 
$ 121,033 
$ 22,735 
$ 
9,370 
$ 14,231 
$ 
3,735 
Construction contracts on 
development projects (2)
 1,146,479 
 562,998 
 396,215 
 
88,646 
 
80,575 
 
17,280 
 
765 
Total Commitments
$ 1,838,517 
$ 1,083,932 $ 517,248 
$ 111,381 
$ 89,945 
$ 31,511 
$ 
4,500 
 _______________
(1) Committed client-related obligations (tenant improvements and lease commissions) based on executed leases as of 
December 31, 2024.  The timing and amount of these payments is subject to change.  
(2) Payments for construction contracts on development projects includes consolidated joint ventures and represents 100% 
of the estimated development costs.
We invest in two non-real estate funds, which are primarily environmentally focused investment funds, each 
with a commitment to contribute $10.0 million, aggregating to a total commitment of $20.0 million.  As of 
December 31, 2024, we have contributed approximately $7.1 million, which includes required fees, with $12.9 million 
remaining to be contributed. 
Investment in Unconsolidated Joint Ventures - Contractual Obligations
As of December 31, 2024, the unconsolidated joint ventures that we have an ownership interest in were 
subject to contractual payment obligations as described in the table below.  The table represents our share of the 
contractual obligations.  For details about our unconsolidated joint ventures secured debt see “Investment In 
Unconsolidated Joint Ventures - Secured Debt” referred to in “Item 7—Management’s Discussion and Analysis of 
Financial Condition and Results of Operations—Liquidity and Capital Resources.” 
  
96

 
Payments Due by Period
 
Total
2025
2026
2027
2028
2029
Thereafter
 
(in thousands)
Contractual Obligations:
Operating leases (1)
$ 94,825 
$ 
908 
$ 
944 
$ 
957 
$ 
970 
$ 
984 
$ 90,062 
Total Contractual Obligations
 
94,825 
 
908 
 
944 
 
957 
 
970 
 
984 
 
90,062 
Commitments:
Client obligations (2)
 
33,845 
 
6,299 
 
19,432 
 
8,114 
 
— 
 
— 
 
— 
Construction contracts on 
development projects
 124,583 
 
42,090 
 
47,320 
 
30,545 
 
4,628 
 
— 
 
— 
Total Commitments
 158,428 
 
48,389 
 
66,752 
 
38,659 
 
4,628 
 
— 
 
— 
$ 253,253 
$ 49,297 
$ 67,696 
$ 39,616 
$ 
5,598 
$ 
984 
$ 90,062 
 _______________
(1) Operating leases include approximately $61.6 million related to renewal options that the joint venture is reasonably 
certain it will exercise.
(2) Committed client-related obligations (tenant improvements and lease commissions) based on executed leases as of 
December 31, 2024.  The timing and amount of these payments is subject to change.  
We have various service contracts with vendors related to our property management.  In addition, we have 
certain other contracts we enter into in the ordinary course of business that may extend beyond one year.  These 
contracts include terms that provide for cancellation with insignificant or no cancellation penalties.  Contract terms 
are generally between three and five years. 
During the year ended December 31, 2024, we paid approximately $377.3 million to fund client-related 
obligations, including tenant improvements and leasing commissions. 
In addition, during the year ended December 31, 2024, we and our unconsolidated joint venture partners 
incurred approximately $534.1 million of new client-related obligations associated with approximately 5.3 million 
square feet of second generation leases, or approximately $100 per square foot.  In addition, we signed leases for 
approximately 286,600 square feet of first generation leases.  The client-related obligations for the development 
properties are included within the projects’ “Estimated Total Investment” referred to in “Item 7—Management’s 
Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations—Liquidity and Capital Resources.”  In the 
aggregate, during 2024, we signed leases for approximately 5.6 million square feet of space and incurred aggregate 
client-related obligations of approximately $597.3 million, or approximately $106 per square foot.
Adopted Accounting Pronouncements
In November 2023, the Financial Accounting Standards Board (“FASB”) issued Accounting Standards Update 
(“ASU”) 2023-07, “Segment Reporting (Topic 280): Improvements to Reportable Segment Disclosures” (“ASU 
2023-07”).  ASU 2023-07 improves reportable segment disclosure requirements for public business entities primarily 
through enhanced disclosures about significant segment expenses that are regularly provided to the chief operating 
decision maker and included within each reported measure of segment profit (referred to as the “significant expense 
principle”).  ASU 2023-07 is effective for fiscal years beginning after December 15, 2023 and interim periods within 
fiscal years beginning after December 15, 2024, with early adoption permitted.  We adopted this accounting 
standard on January 1, 2024. While the adoption has no impact on our Consolidated Financial Statements, it has 
resulted in incremental disclosures within the footnotes to our Consolidated Financial Statements (See Note 12 to 
the Consolidated Financial Statements). 
In August 2023, the FASB issued ASU 2023-05, “Business Combinations - Joint Venture Formations (Subtopic 
805-60)” (“ASU 2023-05”).  ASU 2023-05 is intended to (1) address accounting for contributions made to a joint 
venture upon formation and (2) reduce diversity in practice.  This ASU will apply to joint ventures that meet the 
definition of a corporate joint venture under GAAP, thus limiting its scope to joint ventures not controlled and 
therefore not consolidated by any joint venture investor.  This accounting standard is effective for joint ventures with 
a formation date on or after January 1, 2025.  We adopted this ASU on January 1, 2025.
  
97

Newly Issued Accounting Pronouncements 
In November 2024, the FASB issued ASU 2024-03, “Income Statement—Reporting Comprehensive Income—
Expense Disaggregation Disclosures (Subtopic 220-40)” (“ASU 2024-03”):  ASU 2024-03 will require entities to 
provide enhanced disclosures related to certain expense categories included in income statement captions. The 
ASU aims to increase transparency and provide investors with more detailed information about the nature of 
expenses reported on the face of the income statement. The new standard does not change the requirements for 
the presentation of expenses on the face of the income statement.  Under this ASU, entities are required to 
disaggregate, in a tabular format, expense captions presented on the face of the income statement — excluding 
earnings or losses from equity method investments — if they include any of the following expense categories: 
purchases of inventory, employee compensation, depreciation, intangible asset amortization, and depreciation or 
depletion.  For any remaining items within each relevant expense caption, entities must provide a qualitative 
description of the nature of those expenses. The new ASU is effective for annual reporting periods beginning after 
December 15, 2026 and interim reporting periods beginning after December 15, 2027. Early adoption is permitted.  
We are evaluating the impact that ASU 2024-03 may have on our Consolidated Financial Statements and footnotes. 
  
98

ITEM 7A—Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosures about Market Risk.
We are exposed to certain market risks, one of the most predominant of which is a change in interest rates. 
Unless we have entered into interest rate swaps or other derivatives to fix the interest rate, increases in interest 
rates can result in increased interest expense under our 2021 Credit Facility, unsecured term loans, unsecured 
commercial paper, certain mortgage loans and other debt that bears interest at variable rates.  Increases in interest 
rates can also result in increased interest expense when our fixed rate debt matures and needs to be refinanced.  
As of December 31, 2024, approximately $14.1 billion of our indebtedness bore interest at fixed rates and 
therefore the fair value of these instruments is not affected by changes in the market interest rates.  The remaining 
approximately $2.1 billion of outstanding indebtedness bore interest at variable rates, including approximately 
$800.0 million of unsecured term loans, $500.0 million of unsecured commercial paper borrowings and 
approximately $800.0 million of secured debt.  However, we entered into interest rate swaps with notional amounts 
aggregating $800.0 million for our secured debt and $100.0 million for BPLP’s 2024 Unsecured Term Loan, thus 
fixing the interest rates for all, or a portion of the applicable debt term (See Note 8 to the Consolidated Financial 
Statements for information pertaining to interest rate swap contracts in place as of December 31, 2024 and their 
respective fair values).  Therefore, as of December 31, 2024, we have $1.2 billion of variable rate debt outstanding.   
The following table presents our aggregate debt obligations carrying value, estimated fair value and where 
applicable, the corresponding weighted-average GAAP interest rates sorted by maturity date as of December 31, 
2024. 
The table below does not include our unconsolidated joint venture debt.  For a discussion concerning our 
unconsolidated joint venture debt, including interest rate swaps, see Note 6 to the Consolidated Financial 
Statements and “Item 7—Management’s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations
—Liquidity and Capital Resources—Investment in Unconsolidated Joint Ventures - Secured Debt.”
2025
2026
2027
2028
2029
2030+
Total
Estimated 
Fair Value
(dollars in thousands)
Mortgage debt, net
Fixed Rate
$ 
(835) 
$ 
(611) 
$ 2,301,592 
$ 
3,341 
$ 182,961 
$ 997,271 
$ 3,483,719 
$ 3,014,797 
GAAP Average 
Interest Rate
 — %
 7.69 %
 3.65 %
 7.69 %
 7.69 %
 2.93 %
 3.67 %
Variable Rate
 
(2,625) 
 
(1,596) 
 
(1,596) 
 798,707 
 
— 
 
— 
 
792,890 
 
793,298 
Subtotal
$ 
(3,460) 
$ 
(2,207) 
$ 2,299,996 
$ 802,048 
$ 182,961 
$ 997,271 
$ 4,276,609 
$ 3,808,095 
 
Unsecured debt, net
Fixed Rate
$ 838,976 
$ 1,990,365 
$ 741,736 
$ 992,956 
$ 844,563 
$ 5,236,481 
$ 10,645,077 
$ 10,005,606 
GAAP Average 
Interest Rate
 3.35 %
 3.63 %
 6.92 %
 4.63 %
 3.51 %
 3.92 %
 4.07 %
Variable Rate
 1,298,813 
 
— 
 
— 
 
— 
 
— 
 
— 
 1,298,813 
 1,299,580 
Subtotal
$ 2,137,789 
$ 1,990,365 
$ 741,736 
$ 992,956 
$ 844,563 
$ 5,236,481 
$ 11,943,890 
$ 11,305,186 
Total Debt
$ 2,134,329 
$ 1,988,158 
$ 3,041,732 
$ 1,795,004 
$ 1,027,524 
$ 6,233,752 
$ 16,220,499 
$ 15,113,281 
At December 31, 2024, the weighted-average stated interest rates on the fixed rate debt stated above was 
3.80% per annum.  At December 31, 2024, our outstanding variable rate debt totaled $2.1 billion, of which $900.0 
million was subject to interest rate swaps.  At December 31, 2024, the weighted-average stated interest rate on our 
variable rate debt, including the effect of the interest rate swaps, was 4.15% per annum.  If market interest rates on 
our variable rate debt had been 100 basis points greater, total interest expense would have increased approximately 
$21.0 million, on an annualized basis, for the year ended December 31, 2024.
Our use of derivative instruments also involves certain additional risks such as counterparty credit risk, the 
enforceability of hedging contracts and the risk that unanticipated and significant changes in interest rates will cause 
a significant loss of basis in the contract.  We believe that there is a low likelihood that these counterparties will fail 
to meet their obligations and we minimize our exposure by limiting counterparties to major banks who meet 
established credit and capital guidelines.  There can be no assurance that we will adequately protect against the 
foregoing risks.  
  
99

The fair value amounts were determined solely by considering the impact of hypothetical interest rates on our 
financial instruments.  Due to the uncertainty of specific actions, we may undertake to minimize possible effects of 
market interest rate increases, this analysis assumes no changes in our financial structure.
Additional disclosure about market risk is incorporated herein by reference from “Item 7—Management’s 
Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations—Liquidity and Capital Resources—
Market Risk.”
  
100

Item 8.  Financial Statements and Supplementary Data.
BXP, INC. AND BOSTON PROPERTIES LIMITED PARTNERSHIP
INDEX TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
 
Page
BXP, Inc.
Management’s Report on Internal Control over Financial Reporting
102
Report of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm (PCAOB ID 238)
103
Consolidated Balance Sheets as of December 31, 2024 and 2023
106
Consolidated Statements of Operations for the years ended December 31, 2024, 2023 and 2022
108
Consolidated Statements of Comprehensive Income for the years ended December 31, 2024, 2023 
and 2022
109
Consolidated Statements of Equity for the years ended December 31, 2024, 2023 and 2022
110
Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows for the years ended December 31, 2024, 2023 and 2022
112
Boston Properties Limited Partnership
Management’s Report on Internal Control over Financial Reporting
115
Report of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm (PCAOB ID 238)
116
Consolidated Balance Sheets as of December 31, 2024 and 2023
119
Consolidated Statements of Operations for the years ended December 31, 2024, 2023 and 2022
121
Consolidated Statements of Comprehensive Income for the years ended December 31, 2024, 2023 
and 2022
122
Consolidated Statements of Capital and Noncontrolling Interests for the years ended December 31, 
2024, 2023 and 2022
123
Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows for the years ended December 31, 2024, 2023 and 2022
125
Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements
128
BXP, Inc.
Financial Statement Schedule—Schedule 3 - Real Estate Investments and Accumulated 
Depreciation as of December 31, 2024
181
Boston Properties Limited Partnership
Financial Statement Schedule—Schedule 3 - Real Estate Investments and Accumulated 
Depreciation as of December 31, 2024
186
 
All other schedules for which a provision is made in the applicable accounting regulations of the SEC are not 
required under the related instructions or are inapplicable, and therefore have been omitted.
  
101

Management’s Report on Internal Control over
Financial Reporting
 
Management of BXP, Inc. is responsible for establishing and maintaining adequate internal control over 
financial reporting for BXP, Inc. BXP, Inc.’s internal control over financial reporting is a process designed under the 
supervision of its principal executive officer and principal financial officer to provide reasonable assurance regarding 
the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of BXP, Inc.’s financial statements for external reporting 
purposes in accordance with U.S. generally accepted accounting principles. 
As of the end of BXP, Inc.’s 2024 fiscal year, management conducted assessments of the effectiveness of 
BXP, Inc.’s internal control over financial reporting based on the framework established in Internal Control—
Integrated Framework (2013) issued by the Committee of Sponsoring Organizations of the Treadway Commission 
(COSO). Based on these assessments, management has determined that BXP, Inc.’s internal control over financial 
reporting as of December 31, 2024 was effective. 
Our internal control over financial reporting includes policies and procedures that (1) pertain to the 
maintenance of records that, in reasonable detail, accurately and fairly reflect transactions and dispositions of our 
assets; (2) provide reasonable assurance that transactions are recorded as necessary to permit preparation of 
financial statements in accordance with U.S. generally accepted accounting principles, and that receipts and 
expenditures are being made only in accordance with authorizations of management and the directors of BXP, Inc.; 
and (3) provide reasonable assurance regarding prevention or timely detection of unauthorized acquisition, use or 
disposition of BXP, Inc.’s assets that could have a material effect on its financial statements. 
The effectiveness of BXP, Inc.’s internal control over financial reporting as of December 31, 2024 has been 
audited by PricewaterhouseCoopers LLP, an independent registered public accounting firm, as stated in its report 
appearing on page 103, which expresses an unqualified opinion on the effectiveness of BXP, Inc.’s internal control 
over financial reporting as of December 31, 2024.
  
102

Report of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm 
 
To the Board of Directors and Stockholders of BXP, Inc.
Opinions on the Financial Statements and Internal Control over Financial Reporting
We have audited the accompanying consolidated balance sheets of BXP, Inc. and its subsidiaries (the “Company”) 
as of December 31, 2024 and 2023, and the related consolidated statements of operations, of comprehensive 
income, of equity and of cash flows for each of the three years in the period ended December 31, 2024, including 
the related notes and financial statement schedule listed in the accompanying index (collectively referred to as the 
“consolidated financial statements”). We also have audited the Company's internal control over financial reporting 
as of December 31, 2024, based on criteria established in Internal Control - Integrated Framework (2013) issued by 
the Committee of Sponsoring Organizations of the Treadway Commission (COSO).  
In our opinion, the consolidated financial statements referred to above present fairly, in all material respects, the 
financial position of the Company as of December 31, 2024 and 2023, and the results of its operations and its cash 
flows for each of the three years in the period ended December 31, 2024 in conformity with accounting principles 
generally accepted in the United States of America. Also in our opinion, the Company maintained, in all material 
respects, effective internal control over financial reporting as of December 31, 2024, based on criteria established in 
Internal Control - Integrated Framework (2013) issued by the COSO.
Basis for Opinions
The Company's management is responsible for these consolidated financial statements, for maintaining effective 
internal control over financial reporting, and for its assessment of the effectiveness of internal control over financial 
reporting, included in the accompanying Management’s Report on Internal Control over Financial Reporting. Our 
responsibility is to express opinions on the Company’s consolidated financial statements and on the Company's 
internal control over financial reporting based on our audits. We are a public accounting firm registered with the 
Public Company Accounting Oversight Board (United States) (PCAOB) and are required to be independent with 
respect to the Company in accordance with the U.S. federal securities laws and the applicable rules and regulations 
of the Securities and Exchange Commission and the PCAOB.
We conducted our audits in accordance with the standards of the PCAOB. Those standards require that we plan 
and perform the audits to obtain reasonable assurance about whether the consolidated financial statements are free 
of material misstatement, whether due to error or fraud, and whether effective internal control over financial 
reporting was maintained in all material respects.  
Our audits of the consolidated financial statements included performing procedures to assess the risks of material 
misstatement of the consolidated financial statements, whether due to error or fraud, and performing procedures 
that respond to those risks. Such procedures included examining, on a test basis, evidence regarding the amounts 
and disclosures in the consolidated financial statements. Our audits also included evaluating the accounting 
principles used and significant estimates made by management, as well as evaluating the overall presentation of 
the consolidated financial statements. Our audit of internal control over financial reporting included obtaining an 
understanding of internal control over financial reporting, assessing the risk that a material weakness exists, and 
testing and evaluating the design and operating effectiveness of internal control based on the assessed risk. Our 
audits also included performing such other procedures as we considered necessary in the circumstances. We 
believe that our audits provide a reasonable basis for our opinions.
Definition and Limitations of Internal Control over Financial Reporting
A company’s internal control over financial reporting is a process designed to provide reasonable assurance 
regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in 
accordance with generally accepted accounting principles. A company’s internal control over financial reporting 
includes those policies and procedures that (i) pertain to the maintenance of records that, in reasonable detail, 
accurately and fairly reflect the transactions and dispositions of the assets of the company; (ii) provide reasonable 
assurance that transactions are recorded as necessary to permit preparation of financial statements in accordance 
with generally accepted accounting principles, and that receipts and expenditures of the company are being made 
only in accordance with authorizations of management and directors of the company; and (iii) provide reasonable 
assurance regarding prevention or timely detection of unauthorized acquisition, use, or disposition of the company’s 
assets that could have a material effect on the financial statements.
  
103

Because of its inherent limitations, internal control over financial reporting may not prevent or detect misstatements. 
Also, projections of any evaluation of effectiveness to future periods are subject to the risk that controls may 
become inadequate because of changes in conditions, or that the degree of compliance with the policies or 
procedures may deteriorate.
Critical Audit Matters
The critical audit matters communicated below are matters arising from the current period audit of the consolidated 
financial statements that were communicated or required to be communicated to the audit committee and that (i) 
relate to accounts or disclosures that are material to the consolidated financial statements and (ii) involved our 
especially challenging, subjective, or complex judgments. The communication of critical audit matters does not alter 
in any way our opinion on the consolidated financial statements, taken as a whole, and we are not, by 
communicating the critical audit matters below, providing separate opinions on the critical audit matters or on the 
accounts or disclosures to which they relate.
Impairment Assessment of Long-Lived Assets and Investments in Unconsolidated Joint Ventures
As described in Notes 2, 3, and 6 to the consolidated financial statements, the Company’s total real estate balance 
was $21,050.3 million and its investments in unconsolidated joint ventures was $1,060.1 million as of December 31, 
2024. During 2024, the Company recognized a $13.6 million impairment loss related to a long-lived asset and a 
$341.3 million other-than-temporary impairment loss related to certain investments in unconsolidated joint ventures. 
Management reviews its long-lived assets for indicators of impairment following the end of each quarter and when 
events or changes in circumstances indicate that the carrying amount of the asset may not be recoverable. This 
evaluation of long-lived assets is dependent on a number of factors, including when there is an event or adverse 
change in the operating performance of the long-lived asset or a current expectation that, more likely than not, a 
long-lived asset will be sold or otherwise disposed of significantly before the end of its previously estimated useful 
life or hold period. Management reviews its unconsolidated joint ventures for indicators of impairment on a quarterly 
basis and records impairment charges when events or circumstances change indicating that a decline in the fair 
values below the carrying amounts has occurred and such decline is other-than-temporary. This evaluation of the 
investments in unconsolidated joint ventures is dependent on a number of factors, including the performance of 
each investment and market conditions. Management will record an impairment charge if it determines that a 
decline in the fair value below the carrying amount of an investment in an unconsolidated joint venture is other-than-
temporary. The fair value of unconsolidated joint ventures is calculated using a discounted cash flow model which is 
subjective and considers assumptions regarding future occupancy, future rental rates, future capital requirements, 
market interest rates and availability, discount rates, and capitalization rates.
The principal considerations for our determination that performing procedures relating to the assessment of 
impairment indicators for long-lived assets and investments in unconsolidated joint ventures is a critical audit matter 
are (i) the significant judgment by management (a) in identifying the indicators of impairment for long-lived assets 
and investments in unconsolidated joint ventures and (b) when developing the fair value estimate of the investment 
in unconsolidated joint venture with an other- than- temporary impairment, (ii) a high degree of auditor judgment, 
subjectivity and effort in performing procedures and evaluating audit evidence related to (a) management's 
identification of the indicators of impairment related to the operating performance and anticipated hold periods for 
long-lived assets and the performance of each investment and market conditions for investments in unconsolidated 
joint ventures and (b) management’s assumptions related to future occupancy, future rental rates, future capital 
requirements, discount rates and capitalization rates (collectively referred to as “the significant fair value 
assumptions”), and (iii) the audit effort related to management’s development of the fair value estimate of the 
investment in unconsolidated joint venture with an other-than-temporary impairment involved the use of 
professionals with specialized skill and knowledge. 
Addressing the matter involved performing procedures and evaluating audit evidence in connection with forming our 
overall opinion on the consolidated financial statements. These procedures included testing the effectiveness of 
controls relating to (i) the identification of the indicators of impairment for long-lived assets and investments in 
unconsolidated joint ventures and (ii) developing the fair value estimate of the unconsolidated investment in joint 
venture with an other-than-temporary impairment. For the identification of the indicators of impairment, these 
procedures also included, among others, (i) testing management's process for identifying the indicators of 
impairment for long-lived assets and investments in unconsolidated joint ventures, (ii) evaluating the 
reasonableness of the models, (iii) testing the completeness and accuracy of the underlying data used in the 
models, and (iv) evaluating the reasonableness of management’s indicators of impairment related to the operating 
performance and anticipated hold periods for long-lived assets and the performance of each investment and market 
  
104

conditions for investments in unconsolidated joint ventures. Evaluating the operating performance and anticipated 
hold periods involved considering the current and past performance of the long-lived assets, the consistency with 
external market and industry data, and whether the indicators were consistent with evidence obtained in other areas 
of the audit. Evaluating performance of each investment and market conditions involved considering changes in the 
performance of the investments and market conditions and evidence obtained in other areas of the audit. For the 
fair value estimate of the unconsolidated investment in joint venture with an other-than-temporary decline, these 
procedures also included, among others, (i) testing management’s process for developing the fair value estimate of 
the investment in unconsolidated joint venture relating to the other-than-temporary impairment, (ii) evaluating the 
appropriateness of management’s discounted cash flow model, (iii) testing the completeness and accuracy of the 
underlying data used in the model, and (iv) evaluating the reasonableness of the significant fair value assumptions 
used by management by considering industry knowledge and data, historical company data, and evidence obtained 
in other areas of the audit. Professionals with specialized skill and knowledge were used to assist in the evaluation 
of the appropriateness of the discounted cash flow model and reasonableness of the significant fair value 
assumptions.
Purchase Price Allocation for Long-Lived Asset Property Acquisitions
As described in Notes 2 and 3 to the consolidated financial statements, during the year ended December 31, 2024, 
the Company acquired its joint venture partner’s interest in a property for a purchase price of $10.0 million and a 
property for a gross purchase price of $35.0 million. Management assesses the fair value of acquired tangible and 
intangible assets (including land, buildings and improvements, tenant improvements, “above-” and “below-market” 
leases, leasing costs and assumed financing origination costs, acquired in-place leases, other identified intangible 
assets and assumed liabilities (including ground leases)) and allocates the purchase price to the acquired assets 
and assumed liabilities, including land and buildings as if vacant. Management assesses fair value based on 
estimated cash flow projections that utilize discount, and/or capitalization rates, and available market information. 
Estimates of future cash flows are based on a number of factors including the historical operating results, known 
and anticipated trends, and market and economic conditions.
The principal considerations for our determination that performing procedures relating to the purchase price 
allocation for long-lived asset property acquisitions is a critical audit matter are (i) the significant judgment by 
management in developing the fair value estimates of assets acquired and liabilities assumed and the 
corresponding purchase price allocation, (ii) a high degree of auditor judgment, subjectivity, and effort in performing 
procedures and evaluating audit evidence related to management’s significant assumptions related to discount 
rates and capitalization rates, and (iii) the audit effort involved the use of professionals with specialized skill and 
knowledge.
Addressing the matter involved performing procedures and evaluating audit evidence in connection with forming our 
overall opinion on the consolidated financial statements. These procedures included testing the effectiveness of 
controls relating to the purchase price allocation for the long-lived asset property acquisition, including controls over 
the assumptions related to discount rate and capitalization rate used to determine the fair value of the assets 
acquired and liabilities assumed and the corresponding purchase price allocation. These procedures also included, 
among others, (i) reading the purchase agreements and leasing documents for the acquisition, (ii) testing 
management’s process for developing the fair value estimates of the assets acquired and the corresponding 
purchase price allocation, (iii) evaluating the appropriateness of management’s discounted cash flow method, (iv) 
testing the completeness and accuracy of the underlying data used in the method, and, (v) evaluating the 
reasonableness of the significant assumptions used by management, related to the discount rate, capitalization 
rate, land value per square foot and future capital requirements by considering industry knowledge and data as well 
as historical company data and experience. Professionals with specialized skill and knowledge were used to assist 
in the evaluation of the appropriateness of the discounted cash flow model and reasonableness of the discount rate 
and capitalization rate assumptions.
/s/ PricewaterhouseCoopers LLP
Boston, Massachusetts
February 27, 2025
We have served as the Company’s auditor since 1997.
  
105

ASSETS
Real estate, at cost (amounts related to variable interest entities (“VIEs”) of $7,797,430 and 
$7,054,075 at December 31, 2024 and December 31, 2023, respectively)
$ 
27,870,623 
$ 
26,749,209 
Right of use assets - finance leases (amounts related to VIEs of $21,000 and $21,000 at 
December 31, 2024 and December 31, 2023, respectively)
 
372,922 
 
401,680 
Right of use assets - operating leases (amounts related to VIEs of $140,558 and $158,885 
at December 31, 2024 and December 31, 2023, respectively)
 
334,767 
 
324,298 
Less: accumulated depreciation (amounts related to VIEs of $(1,628,274) and 
$(1,501,483) at December 31, 2024 and December 31, 2023, respectively)
 
(7,528,057) 
 
(6,881,728) 
Total real estate
 
21,050,255 
 
20,593,459 
Cash and cash equivalents (amounts related to VIEs of $373,737 and $245,317 at 
December 31, 2024 and December 31, 2023, respectively)
 
1,254,882 
 
1,531,477 
Cash held in escrows (amounts related to VIEs of $4,979 and $22,160 at December 31, 
2024 and December 31, 2023, respectively)
 
80,314 
 
81,090 
Investments in securities
 
39,706 
 
36,337 
Tenant and other receivables, net (amounts related to VIEs of $20,435 and $27,987 at 
December 31, 2024 and December 31, 2023, respectively)
 
107,453 
 
122,407 
Note receivable, net
 
4,947 
 
1,714 
Related party notes receivable, net
 
88,779 
 
88,779 
Sales-type lease receivable, net
 
14,657 
 
13,704 
Accrued rental income, net (amounts related to VIEs of $435,110 and $401,159 at 
December 31, 2024 and December 31, 2023, respectively)
 
1,466,220 
 
1,355,212 
Deferred charges, net (amounts related to VIEs of $211,726 and $175,383 at December 31, 
2024 and December 31, 2023, respectively)
 
813,345 
 
760,421 
Prepaid expenses and other assets (amounts related to VIEs of $15,036 and $11,824 at 
December 31, 2024 and December 31, 2023, respectively)
 
70,839 
 
64,230 
Investments in unconsolidated joint ventures
 
1,093,583 
 
1,377,319 
Total assets
$ 
26,084,980 
$ 
26,026,149 
LIABILITIES AND EQUITY
Liabilities:
Mortgage notes payable, net (amounts related to VIEs of $3,282,027 and $3,277,185 at 
December 31, 2024 and December 31, 2023, respectively)
$ 
4,276,609 
$ 
4,166,379 
Unsecured senior notes, net
 
10,645,077 
 
10,491,617 
Unsecured line of credit
 
— 
 
— 
Unsecured term loans, net
 
798,813 
 
1,198,301 
Unsecured commercial paper
 
500,000 
 
— 
Lease liabilities - finance leases (amounts related to VIEs of $20,931 and $20,794 at 
December 31, 2024 and December 31, 2023, respectively)
 
370,885 
 
417,961 
Lease liabilities - operating leases (amounts related to VIEs of $157,691 and $145,826 
at December 31, 2024 and December 31, 2023, respectively)
 
392,686 
 
350,391 
Accounts payable and accrued expenses (amounts related to VIEs of $115,808 and 
$59,667 at December 31, 2024 and December 31, 2023, respectively)
 
401,874 
 
458,329 
Dividends and distributions payable
 
172,486 
 
171,176 
Accrued interest payable
 
128,098 
 
133,684 
Other liabilities (amounts related to VIEs of $126,202 and $115,275 at December 31, 
2024 and December 31, 2023, respectively)
 
450,796 
 
445,947 
Total liabilities
 
18,137,324 
 
17,833,785 
BXP, INC.
CONSOLIDATED BALANCE SHEETS
(in thousands, except for share and par value amounts)
December 31, 
2024
December 31, 
2023
  
106

Commitments and contingencies (See Note 9)
Redeemable deferred stock units— 128,227 and 119,471 units outstanding at redemption 
value at December 31, 2024 and December 31, 2023, respectively
 
9,535 
 
8,383 
Equity:
Stockholders’ equity attributable to BXP, Inc.:
Excess stock, $0.01 par value, 150,000,000 shares authorized, none issued or 
outstanding
 
— 
 
— 
Preferred stock, $0.01 par value, 50,000,000 shares authorized, none issued or 
outstanding
 
— 
 
— 
Common stock, $0.01 par value, 250,000,000 shares authorized, 158,253,895 and 
157,019,766 issued and 158,174,995 and 156,940,866 outstanding at December 
31, 2024 and December 31, 2023, respectively
 
1,582 
 
1,569 
Additional paid-in capital
 
6,836,093 
 
6,715,149 
Dividends in excess of earnings
 
(1,419,575) 
 
(816,152) 
Treasury common stock at cost, 78,900 shares at December 31, 2024 and 
December 31, 2023
 
(2,722) 
 
(2,722) 
Accumulated other comprehensive loss
 
(2,072) 
 
(21,147) 
Total stockholders’ equity attributable to BXP, Inc.
 
5,413,306 
 
5,876,697 
Noncontrolling interests:
Common units of Boston Properties Limited Partnership
 
591,270 
 
666,580 
Property partnerships
 
1,933,545 
 
1,640,704 
Total equity
 
7,938,121 
 
8,183,981 
Total liabilities and equity
$ 
26,084,980 
$ 
26,026,149 
BXP, INC.
CONSOLIDATED BALANCE SHEETS
(in thousands, except for share and par value amounts)
December 31, 
2024
December 31, 
2023
 
The accompanying notes are an integral part of these consolidated financial statements.
  
107

BXP, INC.
CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF OPERATIONS
(in thousands, except for per share amounts)
Year ended December 31,
 
2024
2023
2022
Revenue
Lease
$ 3,176,805 
$ 3,054,673 
$ 2,918,368 
Parking and other
 
135,142 
 
112,918 
 
107,225 
Hotel
 
51,224 
 
47,357 
 
39,482 
Development and management services
 
28,060 
 
40,850 
 
28,056 
Direct reimbursements of payroll and related costs from management 
services contracts
 
16,488 
 
17,771 
 
15,450 
Total revenue
 
3,407,719 
 
3,273,569 
 
3,108,581 
Expenses
Operating
Rental
 
1,286,838 
 
1,183,947 
 
1,108,070 
Hotel
 
35,288 
 
32,225 
 
27,478 
General and administrative
 
159,983 
 
170,158 
 
146,378 
Payroll and related costs from management services contracts
 
16,488 
 
17,771 
 
15,450 
Transaction costs
 
1,597 
 
4,313 
 
2,905 
Depreciation and amortization
 
887,191 
 
830,813 
 
749,775 
Total expenses
 
2,387,385 
 
2,239,227 
 
2,050,056 
Other income (expense)
Loss from unconsolidated joint ventures
 
(343,177) 
 
(239,543) 
 
(59,840) 
Gains on sales of real estate
 
602 
 
517 
 
437,019 
Gain on sales-type lease
 
— 
 
— 
 
10,058 
Interest and other income (loss)
 
60,199 
 
69,964 
 
11,940 
Other income - assignment fee
 
— 
 
— 
 
6,624 
Gains (losses) from investments in securities
 
4,416 
 
5,556 
 
(6,453) 
Losses from interest rate contracts
 
— 
 
(79) 
 
— 
Unrealized gain (loss) on non-real estate investments
 
546 
 
239 
 
(150) 
Impairment loss
 
(13,615) 
 
— 
 
— 
Interest expense
 
(645,117) 
 
(579,572) 
 
(437,139) 
Net income
 
84,188 
 
291,424 
 
1,020,584 
Net income attributable to noncontrolling interests
Noncontrolling interests in property partnerships
 
(67,516) 
 
(78,661) 
 
(74,857) 
Noncontrolling interest—common units of the Operating Partnership
 
(2,400) 
 
(22,548) 
 
(96,780) 
Net income attributable to BXP, Inc.
$ 
14,272 
$ 
190,215 
$ 
848,947 
Basic earnings per common share attributable to BXP, Inc. 
Net income
$ 
0.09 
$ 
1.21 
$ 
5.41 
Weighted average number of common shares outstanding
 
157,468 
 
156,863 
 
156,726 
Diluted earnings per common share attributable to BXP, Inc. 
Net income
$ 
0.09 
$ 
1.21 
$ 
5.40 
Weighted average number of common and common equivalent shares 
outstanding
 
157,793 
 
157,201 
 
157,137 
The accompanying notes are an integral part of these consolidated financial statements.
  
108

BXP, INC.
CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF COMPREHENSIVE INCOME
(in thousands)
Year ended December 31,
2024
2023
2022
Net income
$ 
84,188 
$ 
291,424 
$ 1,020,584 
Other comprehensive income (loss):
Effective portion of interest rate contracts
9,202 
(14,405) 
19,396 
Amortization of interest rate contracts (1)
12,618 
6,703 
6,707 
Other comprehensive income (loss)
21,820 
(7,702) 
26,103 
Comprehensive income
106,008 
283,722 
1,046,687 
Net income attributable to noncontrolling interests
(69,916) 
(101,209) 
(171,637) 
Other comprehensive (income) loss attributable to noncontrolling 
interests
(2,746) 
274 
(3,156) 
Comprehensive income attributable to BXP, Inc.
$ 
33,346 
$ 
182,787 
$ 
871,894 
_______________
(1) Amounts reclassified from comprehensive income primarily to interest expense within BXP, Inc.’s Consolidated
Statements of Operations.
The accompanying notes are an integral part of these consolidated financial statements.
109

Equity, December 31, 2021
 156,545 $ 1,565 
$ 6,497,730 $ (625,891) $ (2,722) $ 
(36,662) $ 
642,655 
$ 
1,556,553 
$ 8,033,228 
Redemption of operating partnership units to common 
stock
182 
3 
6,536 
— 
— 
— 
(6,539) 
— 
— 
Allocated net income for the period
— 
— 
— 
848,947 
— 
— 
96,780 
74,857 
 1,020,584 
Dividends/distributions declared
— 
— 
— 
(614,412) 
— 
— 
(71,714) 
— 
(686,126) 
Shares issued pursuant to stock purchase plan
10 
— 
1,036 
— 
— 
— 
— 
— 
1,036 
Net activity from stock option and incentive plan
21 
— 
7,261 
— 
— 
— 
46,402 
— 
53,663 
Contributions from noncontrolling interests in property 
partnerships
— 
— 
— 
— 
— 
— 
— 
849 
849 
Distributions to noncontrolling interests in property 
partnerships
— 
— 
— 
— 
— 
— 
— 
(85,518) 
(85,518) 
Effective portion of interest rate contracts
— 
— 
— 
— 
— 
17,435 
1,961 
— 
19,396 
Amortization of interest rate contracts
— 
— 
— 
— 
— 
5,509 
622 
576 
6,707 
Reallocation of noncontrolling interest
— 
— 
26,584 
— 
— 
— 
(26,584) 
— 
— 
Equity, December 31, 2022
 156,758 
1,568 
 6,539,147 
(391,356) 
(2,722) 
(13,718) 
683,583 
1,547,317 
 8,363,819 
Redemption of operating partnership units to common 
stock
102 
1 
3,793 
— 
— 
— 
(3,794) 
— 
— 
Allocated net income for the period
— 
— 
— 
190,215 
— 
— 
22,548 
78,661 
291,424 
Dividends/distributions declared
— 
— 
— 
(615,011) 
— 
— 
(73,331) 
— 
(688,342) 
Shares issued pursuant to stock purchase plan
19 
— 
1,156 
— 
— 
— 
— 
— 
1,156 
Net activity from stock option and incentive plan
62 
— 
3,165 
— 
— 
— 
45,895 
— 
49,060 
Proceeds from sale of interest in property partnerships 
and contributions from noncontrolling interests in 
property partnerships
— 
— 
160,416 
— 
— 
— 
— 
84,125 
244,541 
Distributions to noncontrolling interests in property 
partnerships
— 
— 
— 
— 
— 
— 
— 
(69,975) 
(69,975) 
Effective portion of interest rate contracts
— 
— 
— 
— 
— 
(12,927) 
(1,478) 
— 
(14,405) 
Amortization of interest rate contracts
— 
— 
— 
— 
— 
5,498 
629 
576 
6,703 
Reallocation of noncontrolling interest
— 
— 
7,472 
— 
— 
— 
(7,472) 
— 
— 
Equity, December 31, 2023
 156,941 
1,569 
 6,715,149 
(816,152) 
(2,722) 
(21,147) 
666,580 
1,640,704 
 8,183,981 
BXP, INC.
CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF EQUITY
 (in thousands)
Common Stock
Additional 
Paid-in 
Capital
Dividends in 
Excess of 
Earnings
Treasury 
Stock,
at cost
Accumulated 
Other 
Comprehensive 
Loss
Noncontrolling 
Interests - 
Common Units
Noncontrolling 
Interests - 
Property 
Partnerships
Total
Shares
Amount
110

Redemption of operating partnership units to common 
stock
1,147 
13 
40,551 
— 
— 
— 
(40,564) 
— 
— 
Allocated net income for the period
— 
— 
— 
14,272 
— 
— 
2,400 
67,516 
84,188 
Dividends/distributions declared
— 
— 
— 
(617,695) 
— 
— 
(73,485) 
— 
(691,180) 
Shares issued pursuant to stock purchase plan
17 
— 
1,141 
— 
— 
— 
— 
— 
1,141 
Net activity from stock option and incentive plan
70 
— 
4,516 
— 
— 
— 
34,815 
— 
39,331 
Proceeds from sale of interest in property partnerships 
and contributions from noncontrolling interests in 
property partnerships
— 
— 
74,091 
— 
— 
— 
— 
302,453 
376,544 
Distributions to noncontrolling interests in property 
partnerships
— 
— 
— 
— 
— 
— 
— 
(77,704) 
(77,704) 
Effective portion of interest rate contracts
— 
— 
— 
— 
— 
8,262 
940 
— 
9,202 
Amortization of interest rate contracts
— 
— 
— 
— 
— 
10,813 
1,229 
576 
12,618 
Reallocation of noncontrolling interest
— 
— 
645 
— 
— 
— 
(645)
—
— 
Equity, December 31, 2024
 158,175 $ 1,582 
$ 6,836,093 $ (1,419,575) $ (2,722) $ 
(2,072) $ 
591,270 
$ 
1,933,545 
$ 7,938,121 
BXP, INC.
CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF EQUITY
 (in thousands)
Common Stock
Additional 
Paid-in 
Capital
Dividends in 
Excess of 
Earnings
Treasury 
Stock,
at cost
Accumulated 
Other 
Comprehensive 
Loss
Noncontrolling 
Interests - 
Common Units
Noncontrolling 
Interests - 
Property 
Partnerships
Total
Shares
Amount
The accompanying notes are an integral part of these consolidated financial statements.
111

Cash flows from operating activities:
Net income
$ 
84,188 
$ 291,424 
$ 1,020,584 
Adjustments to reconcile net income to net cash provided by operating activities:
Depreciation and amortization
 
887,191 
 
830,813 
 
749,775 
Impairment loss
 
13,615 
 
— 
 
— 
Amortization of right of use assets - operating leases
 
2,262 
 
1,940 
 
2,427 
Amortization of sales type lease
 
(992)  
— 
 
— 
Non-cash compensation expense
 
43,949 
 
51,478 
 
52,026 
Loss from unconsolidated joint ventures
 
343,177 
 
239,543 
 
59,840 
Distributions of net cash flow from operations of unconsolidated joint ventures
 
33,861 
 
24,637 
 
26,827 
(Gains) losses from investments in securities
 
(4,416)  
(5,556)  
6,453 
Allowance for current expected credit losses
 
78 
 
373 
 
(224) 
Non-cash portion of interest expense
 
37,143 
 
30,523 
 
25,831 
Other income - assignment fee
 
— 
 
— 
 
(6,624) 
Gains on sales of real estate
 
(602)  
(517)  
(437,019) 
Gain on sales-type lease
 
— 
 
— 
 
(10,058) 
Unrealized (gain) loss on non-real estate investments
 
(546)  
(239)  
150 
Change in assets and liabilities:
Tenant and other receivables, net
 
13,716 
 
(31,470)  
(7,621) 
Notes receivable, net
 
— 
 
— 
 
(152) 
Accrued rental income, net
 
(97,609)  
(99,539)  
(98,075) 
Prepaid expenses and other assets
 
(5,384)  
(7,336)  
20,099 
Right of use assets - operating lease
 
(750)  
(25,640)  
— 
Lease liabilities - operating leases
 
(202)  
(121)  
125 
Accounts payable and accrued expenses
 
(2,395)  
41,696 
 
(22,777) 
Accrued interest payable
 
(5,647)  
29,910 
 
8,989 
Other liabilities
 
12,826 
 
7,267 
 
(24,120) 
Tenant leasing costs
 
(118,962)  
(77,666)  
(84,057) 
Total adjustments
 1,150,313 
 1,010,096 
 
261,815 
Net cash provided by operating activities
 1,234,501 
 1,301,520 
 1,282,399 
Cash flows from investing activities:
Acquisitions of real estate
 
(35,366)  
— 
 (1,320,273) 
Construction in progress
 
(651,346)  
(525,963)  
(500,273) 
Building and other capital improvements
 
(189,667)  
(171,424)  
(177,004) 
Tenant improvements
 
(258,312)  
(310,925)  
(218,685) 
Proceeds from sales of real estate
 
602 
 
517 
 
834,770 
Acquisition of real estate upon consolidation of unconsolidated joint ventures (net of 
cash)
 
6,086 
 
(13,155)  
— 
Proceeds from assignment fee
 
— 
 
— 
 
6,624 
Capital contributions to unconsolidated joint ventures
 
(132,096)  
(192,650)  
(277,581) 
Capital distributions from unconsolidated joint ventures
 
28,325 
 
32,787 
 
37,122 
Investment in non-real estate investments
 
(2,500)  
(2,187)  
(2,404) 
Issuance of note receivables (including related party)
 
(3,258)  
(12,177)  
— 
BXP, INC.
CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF CASH FLOWS
(in thousands)
 
Year ended December 31,
 
2024
2023
2022
  
112

Proceeds from notes receivable
 
— 
 
— 
 
10,000 
Investments in securities, net
 
136 
 
1,496 
 
4,902 
Net cash used in investing activities
 (1,237,396)  (1,193,681)  (1,602,802) 
Cash flows from financing activities:
Proceeds from mortgage notes payable
 
— 
 
600,000 
 
— 
Repayments of mortgage notes payable
 
(4,780)  
— 
 
— 
Proceeds from unsecured senior notes
 
849,671 
 
747,727 
 
749,557 
Repayment / redemption of unsecured senior notes
 
(700,000)  
(500,000)  
— 
Borrowings on unsecured line of credit
 
— 
 
— 
 
985,000 
Repayments of unsecured line of credit
 
— 
 
— 
 (1,130,000) 
Borrowings on unsecured term loans
 
— 
 1,200,000 
 
730,000 
Payments on finance lease obligations
 
(12,547)  
— 
 
— 
Repayment of unsecured term loans
 
(500,000)  
(730,000)  
— 
Borrowings on commercial paper program
 5,363,333 
 
— 
 
— 
Repayments on commercial paper program
 (4,863,333)  
— 
 
— 
Deferred financing costs
 
(12,235)  
(19,416)  
(8,460) 
Net activity from equity transactions
 
(1,731)  
367 
 
(352) 
Dividends and distributions
 
(689,870)  
(687,809)  
(685,019) 
Proceeds from sale of interest in property partnerships and contributions from 
noncontrolling interests in property partnerships
 
374,720 
 
227,022 
 
849 
Distributions to noncontrolling interests in property partnerships
 
(77,704)  
(69,975)  
(85,518) 
Net cash provided by (used in) financing activities
 
(274,476)  
767,916 
 
556,057 
Net increase (decrease) in cash and cash equivalents and cash held in escrows
 
(277,371)  
875,755 
 
235,654 
Cash and cash equivalents and cash held in escrows, beginning of period
 1,612,567 
 
736,812 
 
501,158 
Cash and cash equivalents and cash held in escrows, end of period
$ 1,335,196 
$ 1,612,567 
$ 736,812 
Reconciliation of cash and cash equivalents and cash held in escrows:
Cash and cash equivalents, beginning of period
$ 1,531,477 
$ 690,333 
$ 452,692 
Cash held in escrows, beginning of period
 
81,090 
 
46,479 
 
48,466 
Cash and cash equivalents and cash held in escrows, beginning of period
$ 1,612,567 
$ 736,812 
$ 501,158 
Cash and cash equivalents, end of period
$ 1,254,882 
$ 1,531,477 
$ 690,333 
Cash held in escrows, end of period
 
80,314 
 
81,090 
 
46,479 
Cash and cash equivalents and cash held in escrows, end of period
$ 1,335,196 
$ 1,612,567 
$ 736,812 
Supplemental disclosures:
Cash paid for interest (net of amounts capitalized)
$ 676,067 
$ 553,989 
$ 449,903 
Interest capitalized
$ 
41,976 
$ 
42,633 
$ 
52,130 
Non-cash investing and financing activities:
Write-off of fully depreciated real estate
$ (112,074) $ (135,093) $ (119,534) 
Change in real estate included in accounts payable and accrued expenses
$ 
(50,891) $ 
3,668 
$ 
97,586 
Right of use assets obtained in exchange for lease liabilities - operating lease
$ 
30,631 
$ 141,179 
$ 
— 
Right of use assets obtained in exchange for lease liabilities - finance lease
$ 
— 
$ 163,056 
$ 
— 
BXP, INC.
CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF CASH FLOWS
(in thousands)
 
Year ended December 31,
 
2024
2023
2022
  
113

Lease liability - finance lease reversal for re-assessment event
$ 
(38,491) $ 
— 
$ 
— 
Right of use asset - finance lease reversal for re-assessment event
$ 
(28,962) $ 
— 
$ 
— 
Non-cash contributions from noncontrolling interests in property partnerships, net
$ 
92,631 
$ 
17,519 
$ 
— 
Capitalized operating lease costs
$ 
30,195 
$ 
12,580 
$ 
— 
Construction in progress from prepaid expenses and other assets
$ 
— 
$ 
25,577 
$ 
— 
Investment in unconsolidated joint ventures eliminated upon consolidation
$ 
(11,834) $ 183,817 
$ 
— 
Mortgage note payable recorded upon consolidation
$ 207,093 
$ 300,000 
$ 
— 
Mortgage note payable converted to unsecured term loan
$ 100,000 
$ 
— 
$ 
— 
Real estate and intangibles recorded upon consolidation
$ (220,015) $ (490,720) $ 
— 
Interest rate contracts recorded upon consolidation
$ 
— 
$ 
(7,337) $ 
— 
Construction in progress, net deconsolidated
$ 
— 
$ 
— 
$ 
(11,316) 
Investment in unconsolidated joint ventures recorded upon deconsolidation
$ 
— 
$ 
— 
$ 
11,316 
Sales-type lease origination
$ 
— 
$ 
— 
$ 
13,045 
Derecognition of assets in exchange for sales-type lease obligation
$ 
— 
$ 
— 
$ 
(2,987) 
Dividends and distributions declared but not paid
$ 172,486 
$ 171,176 
$ 170,643 
Conversions of noncontrolling interests to stockholders’ equity
$ 
40,564 
$ 
3,794 
$ 
6,539 
Issuance of restricted securities to employees and non-employee directors
$ 
43,360 
$ 
48,141 
$ 
48,417 
BXP, INC.
CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF CASH FLOWS
(in thousands)
 
Year ended December 31,
 
2024
2023
2022
The accompanying notes are an integral part of these consolidated financial statements.
  
114

Management’s Report on Internal Control over
Financial Reporting
Management of BXP, Inc., the sole general partner of Boston Properties Limited Partnership, is responsible for 
establishing and maintaining adequate internal control over financial reporting for Boston Properties Limited 
Partnership. Boston Properties Limited Partnership’s internal control over financial reporting is a process designed 
under the supervision of the principal executive officer and principal financial officer of BXP, Inc. to provide 
reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of Boston Properties Limited 
Partnership’s financial statements for external reporting purposes in accordance with U.S. generally accepted 
accounting principles.
As of the end of Boston Properties Limited Partnership’s 2024 fiscal year, management conducted 
assessments of the effectiveness of Boston Properties Limited Partnership’s internal control over financial reporting 
based on the framework established in Internal Control—Integrated Framework (2013) issued by the Committee of 
Sponsoring Organizations of the Treadway Commission (COSO). Based on these assessments, management has 
determined that Boston Properties Limited Partnership’s internal control over financial reporting as of December 31, 
2024 was effective.
Boston Properties Limited Partnership’s internal control over financial reporting includes policies and 
procedures that (1) pertain to the maintenance of records that, in reasonable detail, accurately and fairly reflect 
transactions and dispositions of our assets; (2) provide reasonable assurance that transactions are recorded as 
necessary to permit preparation of financial statements in accordance with U.S. generally accepted accounting 
principles, and that receipts and expenditures are being made only in accordance with authorizations of 
management and the directors of BXP, Inc.; and (3) provide reasonable assurance regarding prevention or timely 
detection of unauthorized acquisition, use or disposition of Boston Properties Limited Partnership’s assets that could 
have a material effect on our financial statements.
The effectiveness of Boston Properties Limited Partnership’s internal control over financial reporting as of 
December 31, 2024 has been audited by PricewaterhouseCoopers LLP, an independent registered public 
accounting firm, as stated in its report appearing on page 116, which expresses an unqualified opinion on the 
effectiveness of Boston Properties Limited Partnership’s internal control over financial reporting as of December 31, 
2024.
  
115

Report of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm
To the Partners of Boston Properties Limited Partnership
Opinions on the Financial Statements and Internal Control over Financial Reporting
We have audited the accompanying consolidated balance sheets of Boston Properties Limited Partnership and its 
subsidiaries (the “Partnership”) as of December 31, 2024 and 2023, and the related statements of operations, of 
comprehensive income, of capital and noncontrolling interests and of cash flows for each of the three years in the 
period ended December 31, 2024, including the related notes and financial statement schedule listed in the 
accompanying index (collectively referred to as the “consolidated financial statements”). We also have audited the 
Partnership’s internal control over financial reporting as of December 31, 2024, based on criteria established in 
Internal Control - Integrated Framework (2013) issued by the Committee of Sponsoring Organizations of the 
Treadway Commission (COSO).  
In our opinion, the consolidated financial statements referred to above present fairly, in all material respects, the 
financial position of the Partnership as of December 31, 2024 and 2023, and the results of its operations and its 
cash flows for each of the three years in the period ended December 31, 2024 in conformity with accounting 
principles generally accepted in the United States of America. Also in our opinion, the Partnership maintained, in all 
material respects, effective internal control over financial reporting as of December 31, 2024, based on criteria 
established in Internal Control - Integrated Framework (2013) issued by the COSO.
Basis for Opinions
The Partnership’s management is responsible for these consolidated financial statements, for maintaining effective 
internal control over financial reporting, and for its assessment of the effectiveness of internal control over financial 
reporting, included in the accompanying Management’s Report on Internal Control over Financial Reporting. Our 
responsibility is to express opinions on the Partnership’s consolidated financial statements and on the Partnership’s 
internal control over financial reporting based on our audits. We are a public accounting firm registered with the 
Public Company Accounting Oversight Board (United States) (PCAOB) and are required to be independent with 
respect to the Partnership in accordance with the U.S. federal securities laws and the applicable rules and 
regulations of the Securities and Exchange Commission and the PCAOB.
We conducted our audits in accordance with the standards of the PCAOB. Those standards require that we plan 
and perform the audits to obtain reasonable assurance about whether the consolidated financial statements are free 
of material misstatement, whether due to error or fraud, and whether effective internal control over financial 
reporting was maintained in all material respects.  
Our audits of the consolidated financial statements included performing procedures to assess the risks of material 
misstatement of the consolidated financial statements, whether due to error or fraud, and performing procedures 
that respond to those risks. Such procedures included examining, on a test basis, evidence regarding the amounts 
and disclosures in the consolidated financial statements. Our audits also included evaluating the accounting 
principles used and significant estimates made by management, as well as evaluating the overall presentation of 
the consolidated financial statements. Our audit of internal control over financial reporting included obtaining an 
understanding of internal control over financial reporting, assessing the risk that a material weakness exists, and 
testing and evaluating the design and operating effectiveness of internal control based on the assessed risk. Our 
audits also included performing such other procedures as we considered necessary in the circumstances. We 
believe that our audits provide a reasonable basis for our opinions.
Definition and Limitations of Internal Control over Financial Reporting
A company’s internal control over financial reporting is a process designed to provide reasonable assurance 
regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in 
accordance with generally accepted accounting principles. A company’s internal control over financial reporting 
includes those policies and procedures that (i) pertain to the maintenance of records that, in reasonable detail, 
accurately and fairly reflect the transactions and dispositions of the assets of the company; (ii) provide reasonable 
assurance that transactions are recorded as necessary to permit preparation of financial statements in accordance 
with generally accepted accounting principles, and that receipts and expenditures of the company are being made 
only in accordance with authorizations of management and directors of the company; and (iii) provide reasonable 
  
116

assurance regarding prevention or timely detection of unauthorized acquisition, use, or disposition of the company’s 
assets that could have a material effect on the financial statements.
Because of its inherent limitations, internal control over financial reporting may not prevent or detect misstatements. 
Also, projections of any evaluation of effectiveness to future periods are subject to the risk that controls may 
become inadequate because of changes in conditions, or that the degree of compliance with the policies or 
procedures may deteriorate.
Critical Audit Matters
The critical audit matters communicated below are matters arising from the current period audit of the consolidated 
financial statements that were communicated or required to be communicated to the audit committee and that (i) 
relate to accounts or disclosures that are material to the consolidated financial statements and (ii) involved our 
especially challenging, subjective, or complex judgments. The communication of critical audit matters does not alter 
in any way our opinion on the consolidated financial statements, taken as a whole, and we are not, by 
communicating the critical audit matters below, providing separate opinions on the critical audit matters or on the 
accounts or disclosures to which they relate.
Impairment Assessment of Long-Lived Assets and Investments in Unconsolidated Joint Ventures
As described in Notes 2, 3, and 6 to the consolidated financial statements, the Partnership’s total real estate 
balance was $20,814.2 million and its investments in unconsolidated joint ventures was $1,060.1 million as of 
December 31, 2024. During 2024, the Partnership recognized a $13.6 million impairment loss related to a long-lived 
asset and a $341.3 million other-than-temporary impairment loss related to certain investments in unconsolidated 
joint ventures. Management reviews its long-lived assets for indicators of impairment following the end of each 
quarter and when events or changes in circumstances indicate that the carrying amount of the asset may not be 
recoverable. This evaluation of long-lived assets is dependent on a number of factors, including when there is an 
event or adverse change in the operating performance of the long-lived asset or a current expectation that, more 
likely than not, a long-lived asset will be sold or otherwise disposed of significantly before the end of its previously 
estimated useful life or hold period. Management reviews its unconsolidated joint ventures for indicators of 
impairment on a quarterly basis and records impairment charges when events or circumstances change indicating 
that a decline in the fair values below the carrying amounts has occurred and such decline is other-than-temporary. 
This evaluation of the investments in unconsolidated joint ventures is dependent on a number of factors, including 
the performance of each investment and market conditions. Management will record an impairment charge if it 
determines that a decline in the fair value below the carrying amount of an investment in an unconsolidated joint 
venture is other-than-temporary. The fair value of unconsolidated joint ventures is calculated using a discounted 
cash flow model which is subjective and considers assumptions regarding future occupancy, future rental rates, 
future capital requirements, market interest rates and availability, discount rates, and capitalization rates.
The principal considerations for our determination that performing procedures relating to the assessment of 
impairment indicators for long-lived assets and investments in unconsolidated joint ventures is a critical audit matter 
are (i) the significant judgment by management (a) in identifying the indicators of impairment for long-lived assets 
and investments in unconsolidated joint ventures and (b) when developing the fair value estimate of the investment 
in unconsolidated joint venture with an other- than- temporary impairment, (ii) a high degree of auditor judgment, 
subjectivity and effort in performing procedures and evaluating audit evidence related to (a) management's 
identification of the indicators of impairment related to the operating performance and anticipated hold periods for 
long-lived assets and the performance of each investment and market conditions for investments in unconsolidated 
joint ventures and (b) management’s assumptions related to future occupancy, future rental rates, future capital 
requirements, discount rates and capitalization rates (collectively referred to as “the significant fair value 
assumptions”), and (iii) the audit effort related to management’s development of the fair value estimate of the 
investment in unconsolidated joint venture with an other-than-temporary impairment involved the use of 
professionals with specialized skill and knowledge. 
Addressing the matter involved performing procedures and evaluating audit evidence in connection with forming our 
overall opinion on the consolidated financial statements. These procedures included testing the effectiveness of 
controls relating to (i) the identification of the indicators of impairment for long-lived assets and investments in 
unconsolidated joint ventures and (ii) developing the fair value estimate of the unconsolidated investment in joint 
venture with an other-than-temporary impairment. For the identification of the indicators of impairment, these 
procedures also included, among others, (i) testing management's process for identifying the indicators of 
impairment for long-lived assets and investments in unconsolidated joint ventures, (ii) evaluating the 
  
117

reasonableness of the models, (iii) testing the completeness and accuracy of the underlying data used in the 
models, and (iv) evaluating the reasonableness of management’s indicators of impairment related to the operating 
performance and anticipated hold periods for long-lived assets and the performance of each investment and market 
conditions for investments in unconsolidated joint ventures. Evaluating the operating performance and anticipated 
hold periods involved considering the current and past performance of the long-lived assets, the consistency with 
external market and industry data, and whether the indicators were consistent with evidence obtained in other areas 
of the audit. Evaluating performance of each investment and market conditions involved considering changes in the 
performance of the investments and market conditions and evidence obtained in other areas of the audit. For the 
fair value estimate of the unconsolidated investment in joint venture with an other-than-temporary decline, these 
procedures also included, among others, (i) testing management’s process for developing the fair value estimate of 
the investment in unconsolidated joint venture relating to the other-than-temporary impairment, (ii) evaluating the 
appropriateness of management’s discounted cash flow model, (iii) testing the completeness and accuracy of the 
underlying data used in the model, and (iv) evaluating the reasonableness of the significant fair value assumptions 
used by management by considering industry knowledge and data, historical company data, and evidence obtained 
in other areas of the audit. Professionals with specialized skill and knowledge were used to assist in the evaluation 
of the appropriateness of the discounted cash flow model and reasonableness of the significant fair value 
assumptions.
Purchase Price Allocation for Long-Lived Asset Property Acquisitions
As described in Notes 2 and 3 to the consolidated financial statements, during the year ended December 31, 2024, 
the Partnership acquired its joint venture partner’s interest in a property for a purchase price of $10.0 million and a 
property for a gross purchase price of $35.0 million. Management assesses the fair value of acquired tangible and 
intangible assets (including land, buildings and improvements, tenant improvements, “above-” and “below-market” 
leases, leasing costs and assumed financing origination costs, acquired in-place leases, other identified intangible 
assets and assumed liabilities (including ground leases)) and allocates the purchase price to the acquired assets 
and assumed liabilities, including land and buildings as if vacant. Management assesses fair value based on 
estimated cash flow projections that utilize discount, and/or capitalization rates, and available market information. 
Estimates of future cash flows are based on a number of factors including the historical operating results, known 
and anticipated trends, and market and economic conditions.
The principal considerations for our determination that performing procedures relating to the purchase price 
allocation for long-lived asset property acquisitions is a critical audit matter are (i) the significant judgment by 
management in developing the fair value estimates of assets acquired and liabilities assumed and the 
corresponding purchase price allocation, (ii) a high degree of auditor judgment, subjectivity, and effort in performing 
procedures and evaluating audit evidence related to management’s significant assumptions related to discount 
rates and capitalization rates, and (iii) the audit effort involved the use of professionals with specialized skill and 
knowledge.
Addressing the matter involved performing procedures and evaluating audit evidence in connection with forming our 
overall opinion on the consolidated financial statements. These procedures included testing the effectiveness of 
controls relating to the purchase price allocation for the long-lived asset property acquisition, including controls over 
the assumptions related to discount rate and capitalization rate used to determine the fair value of the assets 
acquired and liabilities assumed and the corresponding purchase price allocation. These procedures also included, 
among others, (i) reading the purchase agreements and leasing documents for the acquisition, (ii) testing 
management’s process for developing the fair value estimates of the assets acquired and the corresponding 
purchase price allocation, (iii) evaluating the appropriateness of management’s discounted cash flow method, (iv) 
testing the completeness and accuracy of the underlying data used in the method, and, (v) evaluating the 
reasonableness of the significant assumptions used by management, related to the discount rate, capitalization 
rate, land value per square foot and future capital requirements by considering industry knowledge and data as well 
as historical company data and experience. Professionals with specialized skill and knowledge were used to assist 
in the evaluation of the appropriateness of the discounted cash flow model and reasonableness of the discount rate 
and capitalization rate assumptions.
 
/s/ PricewaterhouseCoopers LLP
Boston, Massachusetts
February 27, 2025
We have served as the Partnership’s auditor since 1997.
  
118

ASSETS
Real estate, at cost (amounts related to variable interest entities (“VIEs”) of $7,797,430 
and $7,054,075 at December 31, 2024 and December 31, 2023, respectively)
$ 
27,504,358 
$ 
26,382,944 
Right of use assets - finance leases (amounts related to VIEs of $21,000 and $21,000 at 
December 31, 2024 and December 31, 2023, respectively)
 
372,922 
 
401,680 
Right of use assets - operating leases (amounts related to VIEs of $140,558 and $158,885 
at December 31, 2024 and December 31, 2023, respectively)
 
334,767 
 
324,298 
Less: accumulated depreciation (amounts related to VIEs of $(1,628,274) and 
$(1,501,483) at December 31, 2024 and December 31, 2023, respectively)
 
(7,397,882) 
 
(6,758,361) 
Total real estate
 
20,814,165 
 
20,350,561 
Cash and cash equivalents (amounts related to VIEs of $373,737 and $245,317 at 
December 31, 2024 and December 31, 2023, respectively)
 
1,254,882 
 
1,531,477 
Cash held in escrows (amounts related to VIEs of $4,979 and $22,160 at December 31, 
2024 and December 31, 2023, respectively)
 
80,314 
 
81,090 
Investments in securities
 
39,706 
 
36,337 
Tenant and other receivables, net (amounts related to VIEs of $20,435 and $27,987 at 
December 31, 2024 and December 31, 2023, respectively)
 
107,453 
 
122,407 
Note receivable, net
 
4,947 
 
1,714 
Related party notes receivables, net
 
88,779 
 
88,779 
Sales-type lease receivable, net
 
14,657 
 
13,704 
Accrued rental income, net (amounts related to VIEs of $435,110 and $401,159 at 
December 31, 2024 and December 31, 2023, respectively)
 
1,466,220 
 
1,355,212 
Deferred charges, net (amounts related to VIEs of $211,726 and $175,383 at December 
31, 2024 and December 31, 2023, respectively)
 
813,345 
 
760,421 
Prepaid expenses and other assets (amounts related to VIEs of $15,036 and $11,824 at 
December 31, 2024 and December 31, 2023, respectively)
 
70,839 
 
64,230 
Investments in unconsolidated joint ventures
 
1,093,583 
 
1,377,319 
Total assets
$ 
25,848,890 
$ 
25,783,251 
LIABILITIES AND CAPITAL
Liabilities:
Mortgage notes payable, net (amounts related to VIEs of $3,282,027 and $3,277,185 
at December 31, 2024 and December 31, 2023, respectively)
$ 
4,276,609 
$ 
4,166,379 
Unsecured senior notes, net
 
10,645,077 
 
10,491,617 
Unsecured line of credit
 
— 
 
— 
Unsecured term loans, net
 
798,813 
 
1,198,301 
Unsecured commercial paper
 
500,000 
 
— 
Lease liabilities - finance leases (amounts related to VIEs of $20,931 and $20,794 at 
December 31, 2024 and December 31, 2023, respectively)
 
370,885 
 
417,961 
Lease liabilities - operating leases (amounts related to VIEs of $157,691 and 
$145,826 at December 31, 2024 and December 31, 2023, respectively)
 
392,686 
 
350,391 
Accounts payable and accrued expenses (amounts related to VIEs of $115,808 and 
$59,667 at December 31, 2024 and December 31, 2023, respectively)
 
401,874 
 
458,329 
Dividends and distributions payable
 
172,486 
 
171,176 
Accrued interest payable
 
128,098 
 
133,684 
Other liabilities (amounts related to VIEs of $126,202 and $115,275 at December 31, 
2024 and December 31, 2023, respectively)
 
450,796 
 
445,947 
Total liabilities
 
18,137,324 
 
17,833,785 
BOSTON PROPERTIES LIMITED PARTNERSHIP
CONSOLIDATED BALANCE SHEETS
(in thousands, except for unit amounts)
December 31, 
2024
December 31, 
2023
  
119

Commitments and contingencies (See Note 9)
Redeemable deferred stock units— 128,227 and 119,471 units outstanding at redemption 
value at December 31, 2024 and December 31, 2023, respectively
 
9,535 
 
8,383 
Noncontrolling interests:
Redeemable partnership units— 15,730,882 and 16,508,277 common units and 
2,335,229 and 2,065,861 long term incentive units outstanding at redemption 
value at December 31, 2024 and December 31, 2023, respectively
 
1,378,573 
 
1,347,575 
Capital:
Boston Properties Limited Partnership partners’ capital— 1,762,411 and 1,755,150 
general partner units and 156,412,584 and 155,185,716 limited partner units 
outstanding at December 31, 2024 and December 31, 2023, respectively
 
4,391,985 
 
4,973,951 
Accumulated other comprehensive loss
 
(2,072) 
 
(21,147) 
Total partners’ capital
 
4,389,913 
 
4,952,804 
Noncontrolling interests in property partnerships
 
1,933,545 
 
1,640,704 
Total capital
 
6,323,458 
 
6,593,508 
Total liabilities and capital
$ 
25,848,890 
$ 
25,783,251 
BOSTON PROPERTIES LIMITED PARTNERSHIP
CONSOLIDATED BALANCE SHEETS
(in thousands, except for unit amounts)
December 31, 
2024
December 31, 
2023
The accompanying notes are an integral part of these consolidated financial statements.
  
120

 BOSTON PROPERTIES LIMITED PARTNERSHIP
CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF OPERATIONS
(in thousands, except for per unit amounts) 
 
Year ended December 31,
 
2024
2023
2022
Revenue
Lease
$ 
3,176,805 
$ 
3,054,673 
$ 
2,918,368 
Parking and other
 
135,142 
 
112,918 
 
107,225 
Hotel
 
51,224 
 
47,357 
 
39,482 
Development and management services
 
28,060 
 
40,850 
 
28,056 
Direct reimbursements of payroll and related costs from management 
services contracts
 
16,488 
 
17,771 
 
15,450 
Total revenue
 
3,407,719 
 
3,273,569 
 
3,108,581 
Expenses
Operating
Rental
 
1,286,838 
 
1,183,947 
 
1,108,070 
Hotel
 
35,288 
 
32,225 
 
27,478 
General and administrative
 
159,983 
 
170,158 
 
146,378 
Payroll and related costs from management services contracts
 
16,488 
 
17,771 
 
15,450 
Transaction costs
 
1,597 
 
4,313 
 
2,905 
Depreciation and amortization
 
880,383 
 
823,805 
 
742,293 
Total expenses
 
2,380,577 
 
2,232,219 
 
2,042,574 
Other income (expense)
Loss from unconsolidated joint ventures
 
(343,177) 
 
(239,543) 
 
(59,840) 
Gains on sales of real estate
 
602 
 
517 
 
441,075 
Gain on sales-type lease
 
— 
 
— 
 
10,058 
Interest and other income (loss)
 
60,199 
 
69,964 
 
11,940 
Other income - assignment fee
 
— 
 
— 
 
6,624 
Gains (losses) from investments in securities
 
4,416 
 
5,556 
 
(6,453) 
Losses from interest rate contracts
 
— 
 
(79) 
 
— 
Unrealized gain (loss) on non-real estate investments
 
546 
 
239 
 
(150) 
Impairment loss
 
(13,615) 
 
— 
 
— 
Interest expense
 
(645,117) 
 
(579,572) 
 
(437,139) 
Net income
 
90,996 
 
298,432 
 
1,032,122 
Net income attributable to noncontrolling interests
Noncontrolling interests in property partnerships
 
(67,516) 
 
(78,661) 
 
(74,857) 
Net income attributable to Boston Properties Limited Partnership
$ 
23,480 
$ 
219,771 
$ 
957,265 
Basic earnings per common unit attributable to Boston Properties Limited 
Partnership 
Net income
$ 
0.13 
$ 
1.26 
$ 
5.48 
Weighted average number of common units outstanding
 
175,390 
 
174,796 
 
174,360 
Diluted earnings per common unit attributable to Boston Properties Limited 
Partnership 
Net income
$ 
0.13 
$ 
1.25 
$ 
5.47 
Weighted average number of common and common equivalent units 
outstanding
 
175,715 
 
175,134 
 
174,771 
The accompanying notes are an integral part of these consolidated financial statements.
  
121

BOSTON PROPERTIES LIMITED PARTNERSHIP
CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF COMPREHENSIVE INCOME
(in thousands)
Year ended December 31,
2024
2023
2022
Net income
$ 
90,996 
$ 
298,432 
$ 1,032,122 
Other comprehensive income (loss):
Effective portion of interest rate contracts
9,202 
(14,405) 
19,396 
Amortization of interest rate contracts (1)
12,618 
6,703 
6,707 
Other comprehensive income (loss)
21,820 
(7,702) 
26,103 
Comprehensive income
112,816 
290,730 
1,058,225 
Comprehensive income attributable to noncontrolling interests
(68,092) 
(79,237) 
(75,433) 
Comprehensive income attributable to Boston Properties Limited 
Partnership
$ 
44,724 
$ 
211,493 
$ 
982,792 
_______________
(1) Amounts reclassified from comprehensive income primarily to interest expense within Boston Properties Limited
Partnership’s Consolidated Statements of Operations.
The accompanying notes are an integral part of these consolidated financial statements.
122

Equity, December 31, 2021
1,746 
 154,799 
$ 
4,173,290 
$ 
(36,662) $ 
1,556,553 
$ 5,693,181 
$ 
2,078,603 
Net activity from contributions and unearned compensation
1 
30 
8,291 
— 
— 
8,291 
46,408 
Allocated net income for the period
— 
— 
860,485 
— 
74,857 
935,342 
96,780 
Distributions
— 
— 
(614,412) 
— 
— 
(614,412) 
(71,714) 
Conversion of redeemable partnership units
3 
179 
6,539 
— 
— 
6,539 
(6,539) 
Adjustment to reflect redeemable partnership units at redemption 
value
— 
— 
865,235 
— 
— 
865,235 
(865,235) 
Effective portion of interest rate contracts
— 
— 
— 
17,435 
— 
17,435 
1,961 
Amortization of interest rate contracts
— 
— 
— 
5,509 
576 
6,085 
622 
Contributions from noncontrolling interests in property partnerships
— 
— 
— 
— 
849 
849 
— 
Distributions to noncontrolling interests in property partnerships
— 
— 
— 
— 
(85,518) 
(85,518) 
— 
Equity, December 31, 2022
1,750 
 155,008 
5,299,428 
(13,718) 
1,547,317 
6,833,027 
1,280,886 
Net activity from contributions and unearned compensation
5 
75 
4,321 
— 
— 
4,321 
45,895 
Allocated net income for the period
— 
— 
197,223 
— 
78,661 
275,884 
22,548 
Distributions
— 
— 
(615,011) 
— 
— 
(615,011) 
(73,331) 
Conversion of redeemable partnership units
— 
102 
3,794 
— 
— 
3,794 
(3,794) 
Adjustment to reflect redeemable partnership units at redemption 
value
— 
— 
(76,220) 
— 
— 
(76,220) 
76,220 
Effective portion of interest rate contracts
— 
— 
— 
(12,927) 
— 
(12,927) 
(1,478) 
Amortization of interest rate contracts
— 
— 
— 
5,498 
576 
6,074 
629 
Proceeds from sale of interest in property partnerships and 
contributions from noncontrolling interests in property partnerships
— 
— 
160,416 
— 
84,125 
244,541 
— 
Distributions to noncontrolling interests in property partnerships
— 
— 
— 
— 
(69,975) 
(69,975) 
— 
Equity, December 31, 2023
1,755 
 155,185 
4,973,951 
(21,147) 
1,640,704 
6,593,508 
1,347,575 
BOSTON PROPERTIES LIMITED PARTNERSHIP
CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF CAPITAL AND NONCONTROLLING INTERESTS
(in thousands)
Units
Capital
General 
Partner
Limited 
Partner
Partners’ Capital 
(General and 
Limited Partners)
Accumulated
Other
Comprehensive 
Loss
Noncontrolling
Interests - 
Property 
Partnerships
Total Capital
Noncontrolling 
Interests - 
Redeemable 
Partnership Units
123

Net activity from contributions and unearned compensation
5 
82 
5,657 
— 
— 
5,657 
34,815 
Allocated net income for the period
— 
— 
21,080 
— 
67,516 
88,596 
2,400 
Distributions
— 
— 
(617,695) 
— 
— 
(617,695) 
(73,485) 
Conversion of redeemable partnership units
2 
1,146 
40,564 
— 
— 
40,564 
(40,564) 
Adjustment to reflect redeemable partnership units at redemption 
value
— 
— 
(105,663) 
— 
— 
(105,663) 
105,663 
Effective portion of interest rate contracts
— 
— 
— 
8,262 
— 
8,262 
940 
Amortization of interest rate contracts
— 
— 
— 
10,813 
576 
11,389 
1,229 
Proceeds from sale of interest in property partnerships and 
contributions from noncontrolling interests in property partnerships
— 
— 
74,091 
— 
302,453 
376,544 
— 
Distributions to noncontrolling interests in property partnerships
— 
— 
— 
— 
(77,704) 
(77,704) 
— 
Equity, December 31, 2024
1,762 
 156,413 
$ 
4,391,985 
$ 
(2,072) $ 
1,933,545 
$ 6,323,458 
$ 
1,378,573 
BOSTON PROPERTIES LIMITED PARTNERSHIP
CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF CAPITAL AND NONCONTROLLING INTERESTS
(in thousands)
Units
Capital
General 
Partner
Limited 
Partner
Partners’ Capital 
(General and 
Limited Partners)
Accumulated
Other
Comprehensive 
Loss
Noncontrolling
Interests - 
Property 
Partnerships
Total Capital
Noncontrolling 
Interests - 
Redeemable 
Partnership Units
The accompanying notes are an integral part of these consolidated financial statements.
124

Cash flows from operating activities:
Net income
$ 
90,996 
$ 298,432 
$ 1,032,122 
Adjustments to reconcile net income to net cash provided by operating activities:
Depreciation and amortization
 
880,383 
 
823,805 
 
742,293 
Impairment loss
 
13,615 
 
— 
 
— 
Amortization of right of use assets - operating leases
 
2,262 
 
1,940 
 
2,427 
Amortization of sales type lease
 
(992)  
— 
 
— 
Non-cash compensation expense
 
43,949 
 
51,478 
 
52,026 
Loss from unconsolidated joint ventures
 
343,177 
 
239,543 
 
59,840 
Distributions of net cash flow from operations of unconsolidated joint ventures
 
33,861 
 
24,637 
 
26,827 
(Gains) losses from investments in securities
 
(4,416)  
(5,556) 
 
6,453 
Allowance for current expected credit losses
 
78 
 
373 
 
(224) 
Non-cash portion of interest expense
 
37,143 
 
30,523 
 
25,831 
Other income - assignment fee
 
— 
 
— 
 
(6,624) 
Gains on sales of real estate
 
(602)  
(517) 
 
(441,075) 
Gain on sales-type lease 
 
— 
 
— 
 
(10,058) 
Unrealized (gain) loss on non-real estate investments
 
(546)  
(239) 
 
150 
Change in assets and liabilities:
Tenant and other receivables, net
 
13,716 
 
(31,470) 
 
(7,621) 
Note receivable, net
 
— 
 
— 
 
(152) 
Accrued rental income, net
 
(97,609)  
(99,539) 
 
(98,075) 
Prepaid expenses and other assets
 
(5,384)  
(7,336) 
 
20,099 
Right of use assets - operating lease
 
(750)  
(25,640) 
 
— 
Lease liabilities - operating leases
 
(202)  
(121) 
 
125 
Accounts payable and accrued expenses
 
(2,395)  
41,696 
 
(22,777) 
Accrued interest payable
 
(5,647)  
29,910 
 
8,989 
Other liabilities
 
12,826 
 
7,267 
 
(24,120) 
Tenant leasing costs
 
(118,962)  
(77,666) 
 
(84,057) 
Total adjustments
 1,143,505 
 1,003,088 
 
250,277 
Net cash provided by operating activities
 1,234,501 
 1,301,520 
 1,282,399 
Cash flows from investing activities:
Acquisitions of real estate
 
(35,366)  
— 
 (1,320,273) 
Construction in progress
 
(651,346)  
(525,963) 
 
(500,273) 
Building and other capital improvements
 
(189,667)  
(171,424) 
 
(177,004) 
Tenant improvements
 
(258,312)  
(310,925) 
 
(218,685) 
Proceeds from sales of real estate
 
602 
 
517 
 
834,770 
Acquisition of real estate upon consolidation of unconsolidated joint ventures (net of 
cash)
 
6,086 
 
(13,155) 
 
— 
Proceeds from assignment fee
 
— 
 
— 
 
6,624 
Capital contributions to unconsolidated joint ventures
 
(132,096)  
(192,650) 
 
(277,581) 
Capital distributions from unconsolidated joint ventures
 
28,325 
 
32,787 
 
37,122 
Investment in non-real estate investments
 
(2,500)  
(2,187) 
 
(2,404) 
Issuance of note receivables (including related party)
 
(3,258)  
(12,177) 
 
— 
BOSTON PROPERTIES LIMITED PARTNERSHIP
CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF CASH FLOWS
(in thousands)
 
Year ended December 31,
 
2024
2023
2022
  
125

Proceeds from notes receivable
 
— 
 
— 
 
10,000 
Investments in securities, net
 
136 
 
1,496 
 
4,902 
Net cash used in investing activities
 (1,237,396)  (1,193,681) 
 (1,602,802) 
Cash flows from financing activities:
Proceeds from mortgage notes payable 
 
— 
 
600,000 
 
— 
Repayments of mortgage notes payable 
 
(4,780)  
— 
 
— 
Proceeds from unsecured senior notes
 
849,671 
 
747,727 
 
749,557 
Repayment / redemption of unsecured senior notes
 
(700,000)  
(500,000) 
 
— 
Borrowings on unsecured line of credit
 
— 
 
— 
 
985,000 
Repayments of unsecured line of credit
 
— 
 
— 
 (1,130,000) 
Borrowings on unsecured term loan
 
— 
 1,200,000 
 
730,000 
Payments on finance lease obligations
 
(12,547)  
— 
 
— 
Repayment of unsecured term loan
 
(500,000)  
(730,000) 
 
— 
Borrowings on commercial paper program
 5,363,333 
 
— 
 
— 
Repayments on commercial paper program
 (4,863,333)  
— 
 
— 
Deferred financing costs
 
(12,235)  
(19,416) 
 
(8,460) 
Net activity from equity transactions
 
(1,731)  
367 
 
(352) 
Distributions
 
(689,870)  
(687,809) 
 
(685,019) 
Proceeds from sale of interest in property partnerships and contributions from 
noncontrolling interests in property partnerships
 
374,720 
 
227,022 
 
849 
Distributions to noncontrolling interests in property partnerships
 
(77,704)  
(69,975) 
 
(85,518) 
Net cash provided by (used in) financing activities
 
(274,476)  
767,916 
 
556,057 
Net increase (decrease) in cash and cash equivalents and cash held in escrows
 
(277,371)  
875,755 
 
235,654 
Cash and cash equivalents and cash held in escrows, beginning of period
 1,612,567 
 
736,812 
 
501,158 
Cash and cash equivalents and cash held in escrows, end of period
$ 1,335,196 
$ 1,612,567 
$ 736,812 
Reconciliation of cash and cash equivalents and cash held in escrows:
Cash and cash equivalents, beginning of period
$ 1,531,477 
$ 690,333 
$ 452,692 
Cash held in escrows, beginning of period
 
81,090 
 
46,479 
 
48,466 
Cash and cash equivalents and cash held in escrows, beginning of period
$ 1,612,567 
$ 736,812 
$ 501,158 
Cash and cash equivalents, end of period
$ 1,254,882 
$ 1,531,477 
$ 690,333 
Cash held in escrows, end of period
 
80,314 
 
81,090 
 
46,479 
Cash and cash equivalents and cash held in escrows, end of period
$ 1,335,196 
$ 1,612,567 
$ 736,812 
Supplemental disclosures:
Cash paid for interest (net of amounts capitalized)
$ 676,067 
$ 553,989 
$ 449,903 
Interest capitalized
$ 
41,976 
$ 
42,633 
$ 
52,130 
Non-cash investing and financing activities:
Write-off of fully depreciated real estate
$ (112,074) $ (133,844) 
$ (119,534) 
Change in real estate included in accounts payable and accrued expenses
$ 
(50,891) $ 
3,668 
$ 
97,586 
Right of use assets obtained in exchange for lease liabilities - operating lease
$ 
30,631 
$ 141,179 
$ 
— 
Right of use assets obtained in exchange for lease liabilities - finance lease
$ 
— 
$ 163,056 
$ 
— 
BOSTON PROPERTIES LIMITED PARTNERSHIP
CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF CASH FLOWS
(in thousands)
 
Year ended December 31,
 
2024
2023
2022
  
126

Lease liability - finance lease reversal for re-assessment event
$ 
(38,491) $ 
— 
$ 
— 
Right of use asset - finance lease reversal for re-assessment event
$ 
(28,962) $ 
— 
$ 
— 
Non-cash contributions from noncontrolling interests in property partnerships, net
$ 
92,631 
$ 
17,519 
$ 
— 
Capitalized operating lease costs
$ 
30,195 
$ 
12,580 
$ 
— 
Construction in progress from prepaid expenses and other assets
$ 
— 
$ 
25,577 
$ 
— 
Investment in unconsolidated joint ventures eliminated upon consolidation
$ 
(11,834) $ 183,817 
$ 
— 
Mortgage notes payable recorded upon consolidation
$ 207,093 
$ 300,000 
$ 
— 
Mortgage note payable converted to unsecured term loan
$ 100,000 
$ 
— 
$ 
— 
Real estate and intangibles recorded upon consolidation
$ (220,015) $ (490,720) 
$ 
— 
Interest rate swaps recorded upon consolidation
$ 
— 
$ 
(7,337) 
$ 
— 
Construction in progress, net deconsolidated
$ 
— 
$ 
— 
$ 
(11,316) 
Investment in unconsolidated joint ventures recorded upon deconsolidation
$ 
— 
$ 
— 
$ 
11,316 
Sales-type lease origination
$ 
— 
$ 
— 
$ 
13,045 
Derecognition of assets in exchange for sales-type lease obligation
$ 
— 
$ 
— 
$ 
(2,987) 
Distributions declared but not paid
$ 172,486 
$ 171,176 
$ 170,643 
Conversions of redeemable partnership units to partners’ capital
$ 
40,564 
$ 
3,794 
$ 
6,539 
Issuance of restricted securities to employees and non-employee directors
$ 
43,360 
$ 
48,141 
$ 
48,417 
BOSTON PROPERTIES LIMITED PARTNERSHIP
CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF CASH FLOWS
(in thousands)
 
Year ended December 31,
 
2024
2023
2022
The accompanying notes are an integral part of these consolidated financial statements.
  
127

BXP, INC. AND BOSTON PROPERTIES LIMITED PARTNERSHIP
NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
1. Organization 
BXP is a fully integrated, self-administered and self-managed REIT.  BXP is the sole general partner of BPLP, 
its operating partnership, and at December 31, 2024, owned an approximate 89.7% (89.4% at December 31, 2023) 
general and limited partnership interest in BPLP.  Unless stated otherwise or the context requires, the “Company” 
refers to BXP and its subsidiaries, including BPLP and its consolidated subsidiaries.  Partnership interests in BPLP 
include:
•
common units of partnership interest (also referred to as “OP Units”) and 
•
long term incentive units of partnership interest (also referred to as “LTIP Units”) 
Unless specifically noted otherwise, all references to OP Units exclude units held by BXP.  A holder of an OP 
Unit may present the OP Unit to BPLP for redemption at any time (subject to restrictions agreed upon at the time of 
issuance of OP Units to particular holders that may restrict such redemption right for a period of time, generally one 
year from issuance).  Upon presentation of an OP Unit for redemption, BPLP is obligated to redeem the OP Unit for 
cash equal to the value of a share of common stock of BXP (“Common Stock”).  In lieu of such cash redemption, 
BXP may elect to acquire the OP Unit for one share of Common Stock.  Because the number of shares of Common 
Stock outstanding at all times equals the number of OP Units that BXP owns, one share of Common Stock is 
generally the economic equivalent of one OP Unit, and the quarterly distribution that may be paid to the holder of an 
OP Unit equals the quarterly dividend that may be paid to the holder of a share of Common Stock.  
The Company uses LTIP Units as a form of time-based, restricted equity compensation and as a form of 
performance-based equity compensation for employees, and it has previously granted LTIP Units in the form of (1) 
2012 outperformance plan awards (“2012 OPP Units”) and (2) 2013 - 2024 multi-year, long-term incentive program 
awards (also referred to as “MYLTIP Units”), each of which, upon the satisfaction of certain performance-based and 
time-based vesting conditions, is convertible into one OP Unit.  The three-year measurement periods for the 2012 
OPP Units and the 2013 - 2021 MYLTIP Units have ended and BXP’s total stockholder return (“TSR”) was sufficient 
for employees to earn and therefore become eligible to vest in a portion of the awards.  Unless and until they are 
earned, the rights, preferences and privileges of the 2022 - 2024 MYLTIP Units differ from other LTIP Units granted 
to employees (including the 2012 OPP Units and the 2013 - 2021 MYLTIP Units, which have been earned).  
Therefore, unless specifically noted otherwise, all references to LTIP Units exclude the 2022 - 2024 MYLTIP Units.  
LTIP Units (including the earned 2012 OPP Units and the earned 2013 - 2021 MYLTIP Units), whether vested or 
not, receive the same quarterly per unit distributions as OP Units, which equal per share dividends on Common 
Stock (See Notes 10, 15 and 17). 
Properties
At December 31, 2024, the Company owned or had joint venture interests in a portfolio of 185 commercial real 
estate properties (the “Properties”) aggregating approximately 53.3 million net rentable square feet of primarily 
office properties, including seven properties under construction/redevelopment totaling approximately 2.3 million net 
rentable square feet.  At December 31, 2024, the Properties consisted of:
•
163 office and life sciences properties (including five properties under construction/redevelopment);
•
14 retail properties (including one property under construction); 
•
seven residential properties (including one property under construction); and
•
one hotel.
All references to acres and square feet in the Notes are unaudited. 
Basis of Presentation
The accompanying consolidated financial statements are presented using the accrual basis of accounting in 
conformity with accounting principles generally accepted in the United States of America (“GAAP”).  BXP does not 
have any other significant assets, liabilities or operations, other than its investment in BPLP, nor does it have 
employees of its own.  BPLP, not BXP, generally executes all significant business relationships other than 
transactions involving securities of BXP.  All majority-owned subsidiaries and joint ventures over which the Company 
has financial and operating control and variable interest entities (“VIEs”) in which the Company has determined it is 
the primary beneficiary are included in the consolidated financial statements.  All significant intercompany balances 
  
128

and transactions have been eliminated in consolidation.  The Company accounts for all other unconsolidated joint 
ventures using the equity method of accounting.  Accordingly, the Company’s share of the earnings of these joint 
ventures and companies is included in consolidated net income.
Variable Interest Entities (VIEs)
Consolidated VIEs are those for which the Company is considered to be the primary beneficiary of a VIE.  The 
primary beneficiary is the entity that has a controlling financial interest in the VIE, which is defined by the entity 
having both of the following characteristics: (1) the power to direct the activities that, when taken together, most 
significantly impact the VIE’s performance and (2) the obligation to absorb losses or the right to receive the returns 
from the VIE that could potentially be significant to the VIE.  The assets of each VIE are only available to satisfy 
such VIE's respective liabilities.  The Company has identified nine entities that are VIEs as of December 31, 2024 
and has determined that it is the primary beneficiary for all of these entities as of December 31, 2024.
Consolidated Variable Interest Entities 
As of December 31, 2024, BXP has identified nine consolidated VIEs, including BPLP.  Excluding BPLP, the 
consolidated VIEs consisted of (i) the following six in-service properties: 767 Fifth Avenue (the General Motors 
Building), 7 Times Square (formerly Times Square Tower), 601 Lexington Avenue, Atlantic Wharf Office Building, 
100 Federal Street and 300 Binney Street, (ii) 343 Madison Avenue, which is categorized as land held for future 
development and (iii) 290 Binney Street, which is currently under development.
The Company consolidates these VIEs because it is the primary beneficiary.  The third parties’ interests in 
these consolidated entities (excluding BPLP’s interest) are reflected as noncontrolling interests in property 
partnerships in the accompanying consolidated financial statements (See Note 10).  
In addition, BXP’s only significant asset is its investment in BPLP and, consequently, substantially all of BXP’s 
assets and liabilities are the assets and liabilities of BPLP. 
Variable Interest Entities Not Consolidated 
As of December 31, 2024, the Company does not have any unconsolidated joint ventures that are classified 
as VIEs.
2. Summary of Significant Accounting Policies 
Real Estate 
Upon acquisitions of real estate, the Company assesses whether the transaction should be accounted for as 
an asset acquisition or as a business combination by applying a screen to determine whether the integrated set of 
assets and activities acquired meets the definition of a business.  Acquisitions of integrated sets of assets and 
activities that do not meet the definition of a business are accounted for as asset acquisitions.  The Company’s 
acquisitions of real estate or in-substance real estate generally will not meet the definition of a business because 
substantially all of the fair value is concentrated in a single identifiable asset or group of similar identifiable assets 
(i.e. land, buildings, and related intangible assets) or because the acquisition does not include a substantive 
process in the form of an acquired workforce or an acquired contract that cannot be replaced without significant 
cost, effort or delay.  
The Company assesses the fair value of acquired tangible and intangible assets (including land, buildings, 
tenant improvements, “above-” and “below-market” leases, leasing and assumed financing origination costs, 
acquired in-place leases, other identified intangible assets and assumed liabilities (including ground leases)) and 
allocates the purchase price to the acquired assets and assumed liabilities, including land and buildings as if vacant.  
The Company assesses fair value based on estimated cash flow projections that utilize discount and/or 
capitalization rates that it deems appropriate, as well as available market information.  Estimates of future cash 
flows are based on a number of factors including the historical operating results, known and anticipated trends, and 
market and economic conditions. 
The fair value of the tangible assets of an acquired property considers the value of the property as if it were 
vacant.  The Company also considers an allocation of purchase price of other acquired intangibles, including 
acquired in-place leases that may have a customer relationship intangible value, including (but not limited to) the 
nature and extent of the existing relationship with the tenants, the tenants’ credit quality and expectations of lease 
  
129

renewals.  Based on its acquisitions to date, the Company’s allocation to customer relationship intangible assets 
has been immaterial. 
The Company records acquired “above-” and “below-market” leases at their fair values (using a discount rate 
which reflects the risks associated with the leases acquired) equal to the difference between (1) the contractual 
amounts to be paid pursuant to each in-place lease and (2) management’s estimate of fair market lease rates for 
each corresponding in-place lease, measured over a period equal to the remaining term of the lease for above-
market leases and the initial term plus the term of any below-market fixed rate renewal options for below-market 
leases.  Acquired “above-” and “below-market” lease values have been reflected within Prepaid Expenses and 
Other Assets and Other Liabilities, respectively, in the Company’s Consolidated Balance Sheets.  Other intangible 
assets acquired include amounts for in-place lease values that are based on the Company’s evaluation of the 
specific characteristics of each tenant’s lease.  Factors to be considered include estimates of carrying costs during 
hypothetical expected lease-up periods considering current market conditions, and costs to execute similar leases.  
In estimating carrying costs, the Company includes real estate taxes, insurance and other operating expenses and 
estimates of lost rentals at market rates during the expected lease-up periods, depending on local market 
conditions.  In estimating costs to execute similar leases, the Company considers leasing commissions, legal and 
other related expenses. 
Management reviews its long-lived assets for indicators of impairment following the end of each quarter and 
when events or changes in circumstances indicate that the carrying amount of the asset may not be recoverable.  
This evaluation of long-lived assets is dependent on a number of factors, including when there is an event or 
adverse change in the operating performance of the long-lived asset or a current expectation that, it is more likely 
than not, that a long-lived asset will be sold or otherwise disposed of significantly before the end of its previously 
estimated useful life or hold period.  An impairment loss is recognized if the carrying amount of an asset is not 
recoverable and exceeds its fair value.  The evaluation of anticipated cash flows is subjective and is based in part 
on assumptions regarding anticipated hold periods, future occupancy, future rental rates, future capital 
requirements, discount rates and capitalization rates.  Any or all of such assumptions could differ materially from 
actual results in future periods.  Because cash flows on properties considered to be “long-lived assets to be held 
and used” are considered on an undiscounted basis to determine whether an asset may be impaired, the 
Company’s established strategy of holding properties over the long term directly decreases the likelihood of 
recording an impairment loss.  If the Company’s hold strategy changes or market conditions otherwise dictate a 
shorter hold, an impairment loss may be recognized, and such loss could be material.  If the Company determines 
that an impairment has occurred, the affected assets must be reduced to their fair value.  At March 31, 2024, the 
Company evaluated the expected hold period for a portion of its Shady Grove property, consisting of 2 Choke 
Cherry Road, 2094 Gaither Road and a land parcel, located in Rockville, Maryland.  Based on a shorter-than-
expected hold period, the Company reduced the carrying value of a portion of the property that the Company 
anticipates selling to a third-party developer to its estimated fair value at March 31, 2024.  As a result, each of BXP 
and BPLP recognized an impairment loss of approximately $13.6 million during the year ended December 31, 2024 
(See Note 3).
Guidance in Accounting Standards Codification (“ASC”) 360 “Property Plant and Equipment” requires that 
qualifying assets and liabilities and the results of operations that have been sold, or otherwise qualify as “held for 
sale,” be presented as discontinued operations in all periods presented if the property operations are expected to be 
eliminated and the Company will not have significant continuing involvement following the sale.  Discontinued 
operations presentation applies only to disposals representing a strategic shift that has (or will have) a major effect 
on an entity’s operations and financial results (e.g., a disposal of a major geographical area, a major line of 
business, a major equity method investment or other major parts of an entity).  The components of the property’s 
net income that are reflected as discontinued operations include the net gain (or loss) upon the disposition of the 
property held for sale, operating results, depreciation and interest expense (if the property is subject to a secured 
loan).  The Company generally considers assets to be “held for sale” when the transaction has been approved by 
BXP’s Board of Directors, or a committee thereof, and there are no known significant contingencies relating to the 
sale, such that a sale of the property within one year is considered probable.  Following the classification of a 
property as “held for sale,” no further depreciation is recorded on the assets, and the asset is written down to the 
lower of carrying value or fair market value, less cost to sell.  
Real estate is stated at depreciated cost.  A variety of costs are incurred in the acquisition, development and 
leasing of properties.  The cost of buildings and improvements includes the purchase price of property, legal fees 
and other acquisition costs.  The Company capitalizes acquisition costs that it incurs to effect an asset acquisition 
and expenses acquisition costs that it incurs to effect a business combination, including legal, due diligence and 
other closing related costs.  Costs directly related to the development of properties are capitalized.  Capitalized 
  
130

development costs include interest, internal wages, property taxes, insurance, and other project costs incurred 
during the period of development.  After the determination is made to capitalize a cost, it is allocated to the specific 
component of the project that benefited from the investment.  Determination of when a development project 
commences and capitalization begins, and when a development project is substantially complete and held available 
for occupancy and capitalization must cease, involves a degree of judgment.  The Company’s capitalization policy 
on development properties follows the guidance in ASC 835-20 “Capitalization of Interest” and ASC 970 “Real 
Estate-General.”  The costs of land and buildings under development include specifically identifiable costs. 
Capitalized costs include pre-construction costs necessary to the development of the property, development 
costs (including architectural, engineering and design costs), construction costs, interest costs, real estate taxes, 
salaries and related costs and other costs incurred during the period of development.  The Company begins the 
capitalization of costs during the pre-construction period, which it defines as activities that are necessary for the 
development of the property.  The Company considers a construction project as substantially complete and held 
available for occupancy upon the completion of tenant improvements, but no later than one year from cessation of 
major construction activity.  The Company ceases capitalization on the portion (1) substantially completed, 
(2) occupied or held available for occupancy, and capitalizes only those costs associated with the portion under 
construction or (3) if activities necessary for the development of the property have been suspended.  Interest costs 
capitalized for the years ended December 31, 2024, 2023 and 2022 were approximately $42.0 million, $42.6 million 
and $52.1 million, respectively.  Salaries and related costs capitalized for the years ended December 31, 2024, 
2023 and 2022 were approximately $17.2 million, $16.1 million and $16.1 million, respectively. 
Expenditures for repairs and maintenance are charged to operations as incurred.  Significant betterments are 
capitalized.  When assets are sold or retired, their costs and related accumulated depreciation are removed from 
the accounts with the resulting gains or losses reflected in net income or loss for the period. 
The Company computes depreciation and amortization on properties using the straight-line method based on 
estimated useful asset lives.  The Company allocates the acquisition cost of real estate to its components and 
depreciates or amortizes these assets (or liabilities) over their useful lives.  The amortization of acquired “above-” 
and “below-market” leases and acquired in-place leases is recorded as an adjustment to revenue and depreciation 
and amortization, respectively, in the Consolidated Statements of Operations. 
Depreciation is computed on a straight-line basis over the estimated useful lives of the assets as follows:
 
Land improvements
  
25 to 40 years
Buildings and improvements
  
10 to 40 years
Tenant improvements
  
Shorter of useful life or terms of related lease
Furniture, fixtures, and equipment
  
3 to 10 years
Cash and Cash Equivalents 
Cash and cash equivalents consist of cash on hand and investments with maturities of three months or less 
from the date of purchase.  The majority of the Company’s cash and cash equivalents are held at major commercial 
banks which may at times exceed the Federal Deposit Insurance Corporation limit of $250,000. 
Cash Held in Escrows
Escrows include amounts established pursuant to various agreements for security deposits, property taxes, 
insurance and other costs.  Escrows also include cash held by qualified intermediaries for possible investments in 
like-kind exchanges in accordance with Section 1031 of the Internal Revenue Code, as amended (the “Code”), in 
connection with sales of the Company’s properties. 
Investments in Securities 
The Company accounts for investments in equity securities at fair value, with gains or losses resulting from 
changes in fair value recognized currently in earnings.  The Company maintains deferred compensation plans that 
are designed to allow officers and non-employee directors of BXP to defer a portion of the officer’s current income 
or the non-employee director’s current compensation on a pre-tax basis and receive a tax-deferred return on these 
deferrals based on the performance of specific investments selected by the officer or non-employee director.  The 
Company’s obligation under the plans is that of an unsecured promise to pay the deferred compensation to the plan 
participants in the future.  At December 31, 2024 and 2023, the Company had maintained approximately $39.4 
  
131

million and $36.1 million, respectively, in separate accounts, that are not restricted as to their use.  The Company 
recognized gains (losses) of approximately $4.4 million, $5.6 million and $(6.5) million on its investments in the 
accounts associated with the Company’s deferred compensation plans during the years ended December 31, 2024, 
2023 and 2022, respectively.
The Company follows ASC 320, ”Investment–Debt and Equity Securities” (“ASC 320”) which requires that debt 
and equity securities be classified into one of three categories: held to maturity, trading securities or available for 
sale.  At December 31, 2023, the Company had outstanding three-month United States Treasury Bills with a 
maturity date of January 30, 2024 that were classified as held to maturity because the Company determined that it 
had the positive intent and ability to hold to maturity.  Because these securities were considered a short-term 
investment, they are reflected at amortized cost within Cash and Cash Equivalents on the Consolidated Balance 
Sheets.  At December 31, 2023, the amortized cost of these securities was approximately $302.7 million.  There 
were no such securities outstanding at December 31, 2024.
Non-Real Estate Investments
The Company measures its investments in non-real estate investments, which are primarily environmentally 
focused investment funds, at the readily determinable fair value of the investment. Changes in the fair value of 
these non-real estate investments are included in unrealized gain (loss) on non-real estate investments on the 
Consolidated Statements of Operations.  The Company’s investment in non-real estate investments is shown within 
Prepaid and Other Assets in the Consolidated Balance Sheets and was approximately $7.1 million and $4.6 million 
at December 31, 2024 and 2023, respectively.  The Company recognized a net unrealized gain (loss) of 
approximately $0.5 million, $0.2 million and $(0.2) million for the years ended December 31, 2024, 2023 and 2022, 
respectively, due to the observable changes in fair value.
Tenant and Other Receivables
Tenant and other accounts receivable, other than accrued rents receivable, are expected to be collected within 
one year.
Notes Receivables
The Company accounts for notes receivables at their unamortized cost, net of any unamortized deferred fees 
or costs, premiums or discounts and an allowance for credit losses.  Loan fees and direct costs associated with 
loans originated by the Company are deferred and amortized using the effective interest method over the term of 
the note as interest income. 
Deferred Charges
Deferred charges include leasing costs and certain financing fees.  Leasing costs include acquired intangible 
in-place lease values and direct and incremental fees and costs incurred in the successful negotiation of leases, 
including brokerage and other costs which have been deferred and are being amortized on a straight-line basis over 
the terms of the respective leases.  Unamortized leasing costs are charged to expense upon the early termination of 
the lease.  Fully amortized deferred leasing costs are removed from the books upon the expiration of the lease.  
Financing fees included in deferred charges consist of external fees and costs incurred to obtain the Company’s 
revolving facility and commercial paper and if applicable, unsecured term loans and construction financing 
arrangements where there are not sufficient amounts outstanding to report the fees net of the debt liability.  Such 
financing costs have been deferred and are being amortized over the terms of the respective financing and included 
within interest expense.  Unamortized financing costs are charged to expense upon the early repayment or 
significant modification of the financing.  Fully amortized deferred financing costs are removed from the books upon 
the maturity of the debt.  
External fees and costs incurred to obtain mortgage financings and unsecured senior notes have been 
deferred and are presented as direct deductions from the carrying amounts of the corresponding debt liability.  Such 
financing costs are being amortized over the terms of the respective financing and included within interest expense.  
Unamortized financing costs are charged to expense upon the early repayment or significant modification of the 
financing. 
  
132

Investments in Unconsolidated Joint Ventures 
The Company consolidates VIEs in which it is considered to be the primary beneficiary.  VIEs are entities in 
which the equity investors do not have sufficient equity at risk to finance their endeavors without additional financial 
support or that the holders of the equity investment at risk do not have substantive participating rights.  The primary 
beneficiary is defined by the entity having both of the following characteristics: (1) the power to direct the activities 
that, when taken together, most significantly impact the variable interest entity’s performance, and (2) the obligation 
to absorb losses and the right to receive the returns from the variable interest entity that could potentially be 
significant to the VIE.  For ventures that are not VIEs, the Company consolidates entities for which it has significant 
decision making control over the ventures’ operations.  The Company’s judgment with respect to its level of 
influence or control of an entity involves the consideration of various factors including the form of the Company’s 
ownership interest, its representation in the entity’s governance, the size of its investment (including loans), 
estimates of future cash flows, its ability to participate in policy making decisions and the rights of the other 
investors to participate in the decision making process and to replace the Company as manager and/or liquidate the 
venture, if applicable.  The Company’s assessment of its influence or control over an entity affects the presentation 
of these investments in the Company’s consolidated financial statements.  In addition to evaluating control rights, 
the Company consolidates entities in which the outside partner has no substantive kick-out rights to remove the 
Company as the managing member. 
Accounts of the consolidated entity are included in the accounts of the Company and the noncontrolling 
interest is reflected on the Consolidated Balance Sheets as a component of equity or in temporary equity between 
liabilities and equity.  Investments in unconsolidated joint ventures are recorded initially at cost, and subsequently 
adjusted for equity in earnings and cash contributions and distributions.  Any difference between the carrying 
amount of these investments on the balance sheet and the underlying equity in net assets is amortized as an 
adjustment to equity in earnings of unconsolidated joint ventures over the life of the related asset.  Under the equity 
method of accounting, the net equity investment of the Company is reflected within the Consolidated Balance 
Sheets, and the Company’s share of net income or loss from the joint ventures is included within the Consolidated 
Statements of Operations.  The joint venture agreements may designate different percentage allocations among 
investors for profits and losses; however, the Company’s recognition of joint venture income or loss generally 
follows the joint venture’s distribution priorities, which may change upon the achievement of certain investment 
return thresholds.  The Company may account for cash distributions in excess of its investment in an 
unconsolidated joint venture as income when the Company is not the general partner in a limited partnership and 
when the Company has neither the requirement nor the intent to provide financial support to the joint venture.  The 
Company classifies distributions received from equity method investees within its Consolidated Statements of Cash 
Flows using the nature of the distribution approach, which classifies the distributions received on the basis of the 
nature of the activity or activities of the investee that generated the distribution as either a return on investment 
(classified as cash inflows from operating activities) or a return of investment (classified as cash inflows from 
investing activities).  
The Company’s investments in unconsolidated joint ventures are reviewed for indicators of impairment on a 
quarterly basis and the Company records impairment charges when events or circumstances change indicating that 
a decline in the fair values below the carrying amounts has occurred and such decline is other-than-temporary.  This 
evaluation of the investments in unconsolidated joint ventures is dependent on a number of factors, including the 
performance of each investment and market conditions.  The Company will record an impairment charge if it 
determines that a decline in the fair value below the carrying amount of an investment in an unconsolidated joint 
venture is other-than-temporary.  The fair value is calculated using discounted cash flows which is subjective and 
considers assumptions regarding future occupancy, future rental rates, future capital requirements, debt interest 
rates and availability, discount rates and capitalization rates that could differ materially from actual results in future 
periods.  During the years ended December 31, 2024, 2023 and 2022, the Company recognized an other-than-
temporary impairment loss on its investments in three, four and one joint ventures, respectively, totaling 
approximately $341.3 million, $272.6 million and  $50.7 million, respectively.  For a description of the other-than-
temporary impairment loss for the year ended December 31, 2024, see Note 6.
To the extent that the Company contributed assets to a joint venture, the Company’s investment in the joint 
venture was recorded at the Company’s fair value basis in the assets that were contributed to the joint venture.  To 
the extent that the Company’s fair value basis is different than the basis reflected at the joint venture level, the basis 
difference is amortized over the life of the related asset and included in the Company’s share of equity in net income 
of the joint venture.  In accordance with the provisions of ASC 610-20 “Gains and Losses from the Derecognition of 
Nonfinancial Assets” (“ASC 610-20”), the Company will recognize a full gain on both the retained and sold portions 
  
133

of real estate contributed or sold to a joint venture by recognizing its new equity method investment interest at fair 
value.
The combined summarized financial information of the unconsolidated joint ventures is disclosed in Note 6. 
Revenue Recognition
In general, the Company commences lease/rental revenue recognition when the tenant takes possession of 
the leased space and the leased space is substantially ready for its intended use.  Contractual lease/rental revenue 
is reported on a straight-line basis over the terms of the respective leases.  Therefore, the Company recognizes 
non-cash revenue each reporting period (i.e., the sum of all contractual lease/rental payments due over the term of 
the lease divided by the number of years in the term).  The impact of the straight-line rent adjustment increased 
revenue by approximately $105.6 million, $99.1 million and $108.0 million for the years ended December 31, 2024, 
2023 and 2022, respectively, as the lease/rental revenue recorded exceeded amounts billed.  Accrued rental 
income, as reported on the Consolidated Balance Sheets, represents cumulative lease/rental income earned in 
excess of rent payments received pursuant to the terms of the individual lease agreements.  
The Company must estimate the collectability of its accrued rent and accounts receivable balances related to 
lease revenue.  When evaluating the collectability of tenants’ accrued rent and accounts receivable balances, 
management considers tenants’ creditworthiness, public statements made by the tenant, current economic trends 
and changes in tenants’ payment patterns, on a lease-by-lease basis.  The Company writes-off the tenant’s 
receivable balance, including the accrued rent receivable, if the Company considers the balances no longer 
probable of collection.  In addition, tenants in bankruptcy are analyzed and considerations are made in connection 
with the expected recovery of pre-petition and post-petition claims.  If the Company deems the balances no longer 
probable of collection, the Company writes them off and ceases recognizing lease income, including straight-line 
rent, unless cash is received.  Following a write-off, if (1) the Company subsequently determines that it is probable it 
will collect substantially all the remaining lessee’s lease payments under the lease term and (2) the lease has not 
been modified since the write-off, the Company will then reinstate the accrued rent and accounts receivable write-
offs, adjusting for the amount related to the period when the lease payments were considered not probable of 
collection.  If the Company’s estimates of collectability differs from the cash received, then the timing and amount of 
the Company’s reported revenue could be impacted.  The credit risk is mitigated by the high quality of the 
Company’s existing tenant base, reviews of prospective tenants’ risk profiles prior to lease execution and consistent 
monitoring of the Company’s portfolio to identify potential problem tenants.
The Company recognizes acquired in-place “above-” and “below-market” leases at their fair values as rental 
revenue over the original term of the respective leases.  Acquired “above-” and “below-market” lease values have 
been reflected within Prepaid Expenses and Other Assets and Other Liabilities, respectively, on the Company’s 
Consolidated Balance Sheets.  The impact of the acquired in-place “above-” and “below-market” leases increased 
revenue by approximately $5.5 million, $19.2 million and $9.1 million for the years ended December 31, 2024, 2023 
and 2022, respectively.  The following table summarizes the scheduled amortization of the Company’s acquired 
“above-” and “below-market” lease intangibles for each of the five succeeding years (in thousands). 
Acquired Above-Market 
Lease Intangibles
Acquired Below-Market 
Lease Intangibles
2025
$ 
2,328 
$ 
9,982 
2026
 
1,236 
 
8,862 
2027
 
928 
 
5,648 
2028
 
781 
 
2,419 
2029
 
729 
 
914 
Recoveries from tenants, consisting of amounts due from tenants for common area maintenance, real estate 
taxes and other recoverable costs, are recognized as revenue in the period during which the expenses are incurred 
(See “Leases”  below).  The Company receives reimbursements of payroll and payroll-related costs from 
unconsolidated joint venture entities and third-party property owners in connection with management services 
contracts which the Company reflects on a gross basis instead of on a net basis as the Company has determined 
that it is the principal and not the agent under these arrangements in accordance with the guidance in ASC 606 
“Revenue from Contracts with Customers” (“ASC 606”). 
  
134

The Company’s parking revenue is derived primarily from monthly and transient daily parking.  In addition, the 
Company has certain lease arrangements for parking accounted for under the guidance in ASC 842 “Leases” (“ASC 
842”).  The monthly and transient daily parking revenue falls within the scope of ASC 606 and is accounted for at 
the point in time when control of the goods or services transfers to the customer and the Company’s performance 
obligation is satisfied.
Revenue from the Company’s View Boston observatory at The Prudential Center (which is included within 
Parking and Other Revenue on the Consolidated Statement of Operations) is derived from ticket, special event, 
food and beverage and merchandise sales.  The revenue is recognized when the ticket is used by the purchaser or 
the special event occurs and when the food and beverage and merchandise are sold.
The Company’s hotel revenue is derived from room rentals and other sources such as charges to guests for 
telephone service, movie and vending commissions, meeting and banquet room revenue and laundry services.  
Hotel revenue is recognized as the hotel rooms are occupied and the services are rendered to the hotel customers.
The Company earns management and development fees.  Development and management services revenue 
is earned from unconsolidated joint venture entities and third-party property owners.  The Company determined that 
the performance obligations associated with its development services contracts are satisfied over time and that the 
Company would recognize its development services revenue under the output method evenly over time from the 
development commencement date through the substantial completion date of the development management 
services project due to the stand-ready nature of the contracts.  Significant judgments impacting the amount and 
timing of revenue recognized from the Company’s development services contracts include estimates of total 
development project costs from which the fees are typically derived and estimates of the period of time until 
substantial completion of the development project, the period of time over which the development services are 
required to be performed.  The Company recognizes development fees earned from unconsolidated joint venture 
projects equal to its cost plus profit to the extent of the third party partners’ ownership interest.  Property 
management fees are recorded and earned based on a percentage of collected rents at the properties under 
management, and not on a straight-line basis, because such fees are contingent upon the collection of rents.
Gains on sales of real estate are recognized pursuant to the provisions included in ASC 610-20.  Under ASC 
610-20, the Company must first determine whether the transaction is a sale to a customer or non-customer.  The 
Company typically sells real estate on a selective basis and not within the ordinary course of its business and 
therefore expects that its sale transactions will not be contracts with customers.  The Company next determines 
whether it has a controlling financial interest in the property after the sale, consistent with the consolidation model in 
ASC 810 “Consolidation” (“ASC 810”).  If the Company determines that it does not have a controlling financial 
interest in the real estate, it evaluates whether a contract exists under ASC 606 and whether the buyer has obtained 
control of the asset that was sold.  The Company recognizes a full gain on sale of real estate when the 
derecognition criteria under ASC 610-20 have been met.
Leases
Lessee
For leases in which the Company is the lessee (generally ground leases), in accordance with ASC 842 the 
Company recognizes a right-of-use asset and a lease liability.  The Company made the policy election to not apply 
the requirements of ASC 842 to short-term leases.  This policy election is made by class of underlying assets and 
as described below, the Company considers real estate to be a class of underlying assets, and will not be further 
delineating it into specific uses of the real estate asset as the risk profiles are similar in nature.  For operating 
leases, the Company will recognize the lease payments it pays in net income on a straight-line basis over the lease 
term.  For finance leases, the Company will recognize interest expense.
The lease liability is equal to the present value of the minimum lease payments in accordance with ASC 842.  
The Company will use its incremental borrowing rate (“IBR”) to determine the net present value of the minimum 
lease payments.  In order to determine the IBR, the Company utilized a market-based approach to estimate the 
incremental borrowing rate for each individual lease.  The approach required significant judgment.  Therefore, the 
Company utilized different data sets to estimate base IBRs via an analysis of the following weighted-components:  
•
the interpolated rates from yields on outstanding U.S. Treasury issuances for up to 30 years and for 
years 31 and beyond, longer-term publicly traded educational institution debt issued by high credit 
quality educational institutions with maturity dates exceeding 31 years, 
•
observable mortgage rates spread over U.S. Treasury issuances, and 
  
135

•
unlevered property yields and discount rates. 
The Company then applied adjustments to account for considerations related to term and interpolated the IBR. 
Lessor
Operating Leases
The Company leases primarily office, life sciences, retail and residential space to tenants.  These leases may 
contain extension and termination options that are predominately at the sole discretion of the tenant, provided 
certain conditions are satisfied.  In a few instances, the leases also provide the tenants with options to purchase the 
underlying asset, which would be exercisable at fair market value.  Also, certain of the Company’s retail leases 
include rental payments that are based on a percentage of the tenant sales in excess of contractual amounts. 
 Per ASC 842, lessors do not need to separate nonlease components from the associated lease component if 
certain criteria are met for each class of underlying assets.  The guidance in ASC 842 defines “underlying asset” as 
“an asset that is the subject of a lease for which a right to use that asset has been conveyed to a lessee.  The 
underlying asset could be a physically distinct portion of a single asset.”  The Company considers real estate assets 
as a class of underlying assets and will not be further delineating it into specific uses of the real estate asset as the 
risk profiles are similar in nature.  
Lease components are elements of an arrangement that provide the customer with the right to use an 
identified asset.  Nonlease components are distinct elements of a contract that are not related to securing the use of 
the leased asset and revenue is recognized in accordance with ASC 606.  The Company considers common area 
maintenance (CAM) and service income associated with tenant work orders to be nonlease components because 
they represent delivery of a separate service but are not considered a cost of securing the identified asset.  In the 
case of the Company’s business, the identified asset would be the leased real estate (office, life sciences, retail or 
residential).   
The Company assessed and concluded that the timing and pattern of transfer for nonlease components and 
the associated lease component are the same.  The Company determined that the predominant component was the 
lease component and as such its leases will continue to qualify as operating leases and the Company has made a 
policy election to account for and present the lease component and the nonlease component as a single component 
in the revenue section of the Consolidated Statements of Operations labeled Lease.  
Recoveries from tenants, consisting of amounts due from tenants for common area maintenance, real estate 
taxes and other recoverable costs, are recognized as revenue in the period during which the expenses are incurred.  
The Company recognizes these reimbursements on a gross basis, as the Company obtains control of the goods 
and services before they are transferred to the tenant.   
In addition, in accordance with ASC 842, lessors will only capitalize incremental direct leasing costs.
Sales-Type Leases
Sales-type lease receivables are recognized when a lease qualifies as a sales-type lease.  The sales-type 
lease receivable is initially measured at the present value of the fixed and determinable lease payments, including 
any guaranteed or unguaranteed residual value of the asset at the end of the lease, discounted at the rate implicit in 
the lease.  The Company evaluates its sales-type lease receivable for impairment under the current expected credit 
loss standard.  Interest income is recognized under the effective interest method.  The effective interest method 
produces a constant yield on the sales-type lease receivable over the term of the lease.  Income from these leases 
are classified as Lease Revenue within the Consolidated Statement of Operations.  
Earnings Per Share 
Basic earnings per share (“EPS”) is computed by dividing net income available, as adjusted for undistributed 
earnings (if any) of certain securities issued by BPLP, by the weighted average number of shares of Common Stock 
outstanding during the year.  Diluted EPS reflects the potential dilution that could occur from shares issuable in 
connection with awards under stock-based compensation plans, including upon the exercise of stock options, and 
securities of BPLP that are exchangeable for Common Stock.
  
136

Earnings Per Common Unit
Basic earnings per common unit is computed by dividing net income available, as adjusted for undistributed 
earnings (if any) of certain securities issued by BPLP, by the weighted average number of common units 
outstanding during the year.  Diluted earnings per common unit reflects the potential dilution that could occur from 
units issuable in connection with awards under BXP’s stock-based compensation plans, including upon the exercise 
of stock options, and conversion of preferred units of BPLP.
Fair Value of Financial Instruments
The Company follows the authoritative guidance for fair value measurements when valuing its financial 
instruments for disclosure purposes.  The table below presents for December 31, 2024 and December 31, 2023, the 
financial instruments that are being valued for disclosure purposes, as well as the Level at which they are 
categorized as defined in ASC 820 “Fair Value Measurements and Disclosures” (“ASC 820”). 
Financial Instrument
Level
3-Month United States treasury bills
Level 1
Unsecured commercial paper
Level 1
Investment in securities (1)
Level 1
Unsecured senior notes (2)
Level 1
Related party note receivable
Level 3
Notes receivable
Level 3
Sales-type lease receivable
Level 3
Mortgage notes payable
Level 3
Unsecured line of credit
Level 3
Unsecured term loan
Level 3
_______________
(1) See “Investments in Securities” policy above, in this Note 2, for information on its fair values.
(2) If trading volume for the period is low, the valuation could be categorized as Level 2.   
Because the Company’s valuations of its financial instruments are based on the above Levels and involve the 
use of estimates, the actual fair values of its financial instruments may differ materially from those estimates.  In 
addition, the Company’s estimated fair values for these instruments as of the end of the applicable reporting period 
are not projections of, nor necessarily indicative of, estimated or actual fair values in future reporting periods.  
At December 31, 2023, the Company had outstanding three-month United States Treasury Bills with a maturity 
date of January 30, 2024, that were classified as held to maturity because the Company determined that it had the 
positive intent and ability to hold to maturity.  Because these securities are considered short-term investments, they 
are reflected at amortized cost within Cash and Cash Equivalents on the Consolidated Balance Sheets.  At 
December 31, 2023, the amortized cost of these securities were approximately $302.7 million. 
At December 31, 2024, the Company had $500.0 million outstanding under its unsecured commercial paper 
program (See Note 7).  Due to their short-term maturity and stated interest rates at approximate current market 
rates, the fair value of outstanding commercial paper borrowings approximates the Company's carrying amount at 
December 31, 2024.
The Company’s investment in non-real estate investments is shown within Prepaid and Other Assets on the 
Consolidated Balance Sheets and was approximately $7.1 million and $4.6 million at December 31, 2024 and 2023, 
respectively.  The non-real estate investments utilize net asset value as a practical expedient.
Non-Recurring Fair Value 
The following table presents the aggregate carrying value of the Company’s non-recurring fair value financial 
instruments and the Company’s corresponding estimate of fair value as of December 31, 2024 and December 31, 
2023 (in thousands):
  
137

 
December 31, 2024
December 31, 2023
 
Carrying
Amount
Estimated
Fair Value
Carrying
Amount
Estimated
Fair Value
3-Month United States Treasury Bills (1)
$ 
— $ 
— 
$ 
302,746 $ 
302,746 
Related party note receivable, net
$ 
88,779 $ 
89,213 
$ 
88,779 $ 
90,593 
Note receivable, net
 
4,947  
6,187 
 
1,714  
1,677 
Sales-type lease receivable, net
 
14,657  
13,632 
 
13,704  
13,338 
Total
$ 
108,383 $ 
109,032 
$ 
104,197 $ 
105,608 
Mortgage notes payable, net
$ 
4,276,609 $ 3,808,095 
$ 4,166,379 $ 3,705,513 
Unsecured senior notes, net
 
10,645,077  10,005,606 
 10,491,617  
9,697,393 
Unsecured line of credit
 
—  
— 
 
—  
— 
Unsecured term loan, net
 
798,813  
799,580 
 
1,198,301  
1,196,945 
Unsecured commercial paper
 
500,000  
500,000 
 
—  
— 
Total
$ 
16,220,499 $ 15,113,281 
$ 15,856,297 $ 14,599,851 
_______________
(1)  Per the guidance in ASC 326, the Company concluded that the risk of nonpayment is nonexistent because the U.S. 
Government has a long history with no credit losses and therefore, no credit loss allowance was recorded.  
Recurring Fair Value
In addition to the financial instruments noted above, the Company uses interest rate swap agreements to 
manage its interest rate risk (See Note 8).  The valuation of these instruments is determined using widely accepted 
valuation techniques, including discounted cash flow analysis on the expected cash flows of each derivative.  This 
analysis reflects the contractual terms of the derivatives, including the period to maturity, and uses observable 
market-based inputs, including interest rate curves.  To comply with the provisions of ASC 820, the Company 
incorporates credit valuation adjustments to appropriately reflect both its own nonperformance risk and the 
respective counterparty’s nonperformance risk in the fair value measurements.  Although the Company has 
determined that the majority of the inputs used to value its derivatives fall within Level 2 of the fair value hierarchy, 
the credit valuation adjustments associated with its derivatives utilize Level 3 inputs, such as estimates of current 
credit spreads to evaluate the likelihood of default by the Company and its counterparties.  The Company assessed 
the significance of the impact of the credit valuation adjustments on the overall valuation of its derivative positions 
and determined that the credit valuation adjustments were not significant to the overall valuation of its derivatives.  
As a result, the Company has determined that its derivative valuations in their entirety are classified in Level 2 of the 
fair value hierarchy.  The fair value of the Company’s interest rate swap agreements is shown within Prepaid and 
Other Assets or Other Liabilities on the Consolidated Balance Sheets.  
The following table presents the aggregate fair value of the Company’s interest rate swaps as of December 
31, 2024 and December 31, 2023 (in thousands):
Fair value
December 31, 2024
December 31, 2023
Interest rate swaps
$ 
5,252 
$ 
1,976 
Derivative Instruments and Hedging Activities
Derivative instruments and hedging activities require management to make judgments on the nature of its 
derivatives and their effectiveness as hedges.  These judgments determine if the changes in fair value of the 
derivative instruments are reported in the Consolidated Statements of Operations as a component of net income or 
as a component of comprehensive income and as a component of equity on the Consolidated Balance Sheets.  
While management believes its judgments are reasonable, a change in a derivative’s effectiveness as a hedge 
could materially affect expenses, net income and equity.  In general, the Company accounts for both the effective 
and ineffective portions of changes in the fair value of a derivative in other comprehensive income (loss) and 
subsequently reclassifies the fair value of the derivative to earnings over the term that the hedged transaction 
affects earnings and in the same line item as the hedged transaction within the statements of operations.  
  
138

During the year ended December 31, 2023, to satisfy a lender requirement, the Company entered into two 
agreements with the same third-party to purchase and sell a $600.0 million interest rate cap.  The Company did not 
elect hedge accounting and as such any change in market value will be recognized in the Consolidated Statement 
of Operations.  The Company recognized a loss from interest rate contracts of approximately $79,000 for the year 
ended December 31, 2023 due to the observable changes in fair value of these derivatives.  The Company did not 
recognize any losses during the year ended December 31, 2024.  
Stock-Based Employee Compensation Plans
At December 31, 2024, the Company had a stock-based employee compensation plan.  The Company 
accounts for the plan under the guidance in ASC 718 “Compensation – Stock Compensation” (“ASC 718”), which 
revised the fair value based method of accounting for share-based payment liabilities, forfeitures and modifications 
of stock-based awards and clarified previous guidance in several areas, including measuring fair value, classifying 
an award as equity or as a liability and attributing compensation cost to reporting periods. 
Use of Estimates in the Preparation of Financial Statements
The preparation of financial statements in conformity with GAAP requires management to make estimates and 
assumptions that affect the reported amounts of assets and liabilities and disclosure of contingent assets and 
liabilities at the date of the financial statements and the reported amounts of revenue and expenses during the 
reporting period.  These estimates include such items as depreciation and allowances for doubtful accounts.  Actual 
results could differ from those estimates.
The Company bases its estimates on historical experience and on various other assumptions that it considers 
to be reasonable under the circumstances, including the impact of extraordinary events such as a pandemic, the 
results of which form the basis for making significant judgments about the carrying values of assets and liabilities, 
assessments of future collectability, and other areas of the financial statements that are impacted by the use of 
estimates.  Actual results may differ from these estimates under different assumptions or conditions.
BXP
Equity Offering Costs  
Underwriting commissions and offering costs have been reflected as a reduction of additional paid-in capital. 
Treasury Stock  
BXP’s share repurchases are reflected as treasury stock utilizing the cost method of accounting and are 
presented as a reduction to consolidated stockholders’ equity. 
Dividends  
Earnings and profits, which determine the taxability of dividends to stockholders, will differ from income 
reported for financial reporting purposes due to the differences for federal income tax purposes in the treatment of 
gains/losses on the sale of real property, revenue and expense recognition, compensation expense, and in the 
estimated useful lives and basis used to compute depreciation. 
The tax treatment of common dividends per share for federal income tax purposes is as follows: 
 
For the year ended December 31,
 
2024
2023
2022
 
Per Share
%
Per Share
%
Per Share
%
Ordinary income
$ 
3.22 
 88.29 %
$ 
3.04 
 72.98 %
$ 
3.42 
 86.60 %
Capital gain income
 
0.03 
 0.79 %
 
1.12 
 27.02 %
 
0.53 
 13.40 %
Return of capital
 
0.40 
 10.92 %
 
— 
 — %
 
— 
 — %
Total
$ 
3.65 (1)
 100.00 %
$ 
4.16 (2)
 100.00 %
$ 
3.95 (3)
 100.00 %
 _____________
(1) The fourth quarter 2024 regular quarterly dividend was $0.98 per common share, all of which were allocable to 2025.
(2) The fourth quarter 2023 regular quarterly dividend was $0.98 per common share, of which approximately $0.27 per 
common share was allocated to 2023 and approximately $0.71 per common share was allocated to 2024.
(3) The fourth quarter 2022 regular quarterly dividend was $0.98 per common share, of which approximately $0.03 per 
common share was allocated to 2022 and approximately $0.95 per common share was allocated to 2023.
  
139

Income Taxes 
BXP has elected to be treated as a REIT under Sections 856 through 860 of the Code, commencing with its 
taxable year ended December 31, 1997.  As a result, it generally will not be subject to federal corporate income tax 
on its taxable income that is distributed to its stockholders.  A REIT is subject to a number of organizational and 
operational requirements, including a requirement that it currently distribute at least 90% of its annual taxable 
income (with certain adjustments).  BXP’s policy is to distribute at least 100% of its taxable income.  Accordingly, the 
only provision for federal income taxes in the accompanying consolidated financial statements relates to BXP’s 
consolidated taxable REIT subsidiaries.  BXP’s taxable REIT subsidiaries did not have significant tax provisions or 
deferred income tax items.  BXP has no uncertain tax positions recognized as of December 31, 2024 and 2023.  At 
December 31, 2024, BXP’s tax returns for 2021 and subsequent years remain subject to examination by the major 
tax jurisdictions under the statute of limitations.
The Company owns a hotel property that it leases to one of its taxable REIT subsidiaries and that is managed 
by Marriott International, Inc.  The hotel taxable REIT subsidiary, a wholly owned subsidiary of BPLP, is the lessee 
pursuant to the lease for the hotel property.  As lessor, BPLP is entitled to a percentage of gross receipts from the 
hotel property. Marriott International, Inc. continues to manage the hotel property under the Marriott name and under 
terms of a management agreement.  The hotel taxable REIT subsidiary is subject to tax at the federal and state 
level and, accordingly, if applicable, BXP has recorded a tax provision in its Consolidated Statements of Operations 
for the years ended December 31, 2024, 2023 and 2022. 
Certain entities included in BXP’s consolidated financial statements are subject to certain state and local 
taxes.  These taxes are recorded as operating expenses in the accompanying consolidated financial statements. 
BPLP
Income Taxes 
The partners are required to report their respective share of BPLP’s taxable income or loss on their respective 
tax returns and are liable for any related taxes thereon.  Accordingly, the only provision for federal income taxes in 
the accompanying consolidated financial statements relates to BPLP’s consolidated taxable REIT subsidiaries.  
BPLP’s taxable REIT subsidiaries did not have significant tax provisions or deferred income tax items.  BPLP has no 
uncertain tax positions recognized as of December 31, 2024 and 2023.  At December 31, 2024, BPLP’s tax returns 
for 2021 and subsequent years remain subject to examination by the major tax jurisdictions under the statute of 
limitations.
The Company owns a hotel property which is managed through a taxable REIT subsidiary.  The hotel taxable 
REIT subsidiary, a wholly owned subsidiary of BPLP, is the lessee pursuant to the lease for the hotel property.  As 
lessor, BPLP is entitled to a percentage of gross receipts from the hotel property.  Marriott International, Inc. 
continues to manage the hotel property under the Marriott name and under terms of a management agreement.  
The hotel taxable REIT subsidiary is subject to tax at the federal and state level and, accordingly, if applicable, 
BPLP has recorded a tax provision in its Consolidated Statements of Operations for the years ended December 31, 
2024, 2023 and 2022.
Certain entities included in BPLP’s consolidated financial statements are subject to certain state and local 
taxes.  These taxes are recorded as operating expenses in the accompanying consolidated financial statements.
Adopted New Accounting Pronouncements
In November 2023, the Financial Accounting Standards Board (“FASB”) issued Accounting Standards Update 
(“ASU”) 2023-07, “Segment Reporting (Topic 280): Improvements to Reportable Segment Disclosures” (“ASU 
2023-07”).  ASU 2023-07 improves reportable segment disclosure requirements for public business entities primarily 
through enhanced disclosures about significant segment expenses that are regularly provided to the chief operating 
decision maker and included within each reported measure of segment profit (referred to as the “significant expense 
principle”).  ASU 2023-07 is effective for fiscal years beginning after December 15, 2023 and interim periods within 
fiscal years beginning after December 15, 2024, with early adoption permitted.  The Company adopted this 
accounting standard on January 1, 2024.  While the adoption has no impact on the Company’s Consolidated 
Financial Statements, it has resulted in incremental disclosures within the Notes to the Company’s Consolidated 
Financial Statements (See Note 12). 
140

In August 2023, the FASB issued ASU 2023-05, “Business Combinations - Joint Venture Formations (Subtopic 
805-60)” (“ASU 2023-05”).  ASU 2023-05 is intended to (1) address accounting for contributions made to a joint 
venture upon formation and (2) reduce diversity in practice.  This ASU will apply to joint ventures that meet the 
definition of a corporate joint venture under GAAP, thus limiting its scope to joint ventures not controlled and 
therefore not consolidated by any joint venture investor.  This accounting standard is effective for joint ventures with 
a formation date on or after January 1, 2025.  The Company adopted this ASU on January 1, 2025.
Newly Issued Accounting Pronouncements 
In November 2024, the FASB issued ASU 2024-03, “Income Statement—Reporting Comprehensive Income—
Expense Disaggregation Disclosures (Subtopic 220-40)” (“ASU 2024-03”): ASU 2024-03 will require entities to 
provide enhanced disclosures related to certain expense categories included in income statement captions.  The 
ASU aims to increase transparency and provide investors with more detailed information about the nature of 
expenses reported on the face of the income statement.  The new standard does not change the requirements for 
the presentation of expenses on the face of the income statement.  Under this ASU, entities are required to 
disaggregate, in a tabular format, expense captions presented on the face of the income statement — excluding 
earnings or losses from equity method investments — if they include any of the following expense categories: 
purchases of inventory, employee compensation, depreciation, intangible asset amortization, and depreciation or 
depletion.  For any remaining items within each relevant expense caption, entities must provide a qualitative 
description of the nature of those expenses.  The new ASU is effective for annual reporting periods beginning after 
December 15, 2026 and interim reporting periods beginning after December 15, 2027.  Early adoption is permitted.  
The Company is evaluating the impact that ASU 2024-03 may have on the Company’s Consolidated Financial 
Statements and footnotes. 
3. Real Estate 
BXP
Real estate consisted of the following at December 31, 2024 and December 31, 2023 (in thousands):
December 31, 2024
December 31, 2023
Land
$ 
5,318,724 
$ 
5,251,224 
Right of use assets - finance leases (1)
 
372,922 
 
401,680 
Right of use assets - operating leases (1)
 
334,767 
 
324,298 
Land held for future development (2)
 
714,050 
 
697,061 
Buildings and improvements
 
17,149,702 
 
16,607,756 
Tenant improvements
 
3,866,371 
 
3,592,172 
Furniture, fixtures and equipment
 
57,136 
 
53,716 
Construction in progress
 
764,640 
 
547,280 
Total
 
28,578,312 
 
27,475,187 
Less: Accumulated depreciation
 
(7,528,057) 
 
(6,881,728) 
$ 
21,050,255 
$ 
20,593,459 
_______________
(1) See Note 4.
(2) Includes pre-development costs.
  
141

BPLP
Real estate consisted of the following at December 31, 2024 and December 31, 2023 (in thousands):
December 31, 2024
December 31, 2023
Land
$ 
5,224,015 
$ 
5,156,515 
Right of use assets - finance leases (1)
 
372,922 
 
401,680 
Right of use assets - operating leases (1)
 
334,767 
 
324,298 
Land held for future development (2)
 
714,050 
 
697,061 
Buildings and improvements
 
16,878,146 
 
16,336,200 
Tenant improvements
 
3,866,371 
 
3,592,172 
Furniture, fixtures and equipment
 
57,136 
 
53,716 
Construction in progress
 
764,640 
 
547,280 
Total
 
28,212,047 
 
27,108,922 
Less: Accumulated depreciation
 
(7,397,882) 
 
(6,758,361) 
$ 
20,814,165 
$ 
20,350,561 
_______________
(1) See Note 4.
(2) Includes pre-development costs.
Acquisitions
On January 8, 2024, the Company completed the acquisition of its joint venture partner’s 50% economic 
ownership interest in the joint venture that owns 901 New York Avenue, located in Washington, DC.  At acquisition, 
the total net equity acquired was $20.0 million, which includes $10.0 million in cash that the Company paid for the 
joint venture partner's 50% economic ownership interest in the joint venture.  The property is subject to existing 
mortgage indebtedness of approximately $207.1 million (See Note 7).  The acquisition resulted in the Company 
recording a gain upon consolidation of approximately $21.8 million, which is the difference between the fair value of 
the previously held equity method investment immediately prior to the consolidation of $10.0 million, less the 
Company’s costs basis of approximately $(11.8) million.  The gain on consolidation is included within loss from 
unconsolidated joint ventures in the Consolidated Statement of Operations.  
The total net assets acquired is equal to (1) the total net equity acquired of $20.0 million, which includes 
$10.0 million in cash that the Company paid for the joint venture partner's 50% economic ownership interest in the 
joint venture plus (2) $207.1 million of debt assumed, less (3) net working capital acquired of approximately 
$7.1 million.  The following table summarizes the allocation of the fair value of the net assets the Company received 
at the date of acquisition for 901 New York Avenue (in thousands):
Land and site improvements
$ 
65,808 
Building and improvements
 
56,882 
Tenant improvements
 
16,088 
In-place lease intangibles
 
72,621 
Above-market lease intangibles
 
2,757 
Below-market lease intangibles
 
(2,515) 
Mortgage note payable adjustment
 
8,374 
Net assets acquired
$ 
220,015 
The following table summarizes the estimated annual amortization of the acquired in-place lease intangibles, 
and the acquired above- and below-market lease intangibles for 901 New York Avenue as of the acquisition date for 
each of the five succeeding fiscal years (in thousands):
  
142

Acquired In-Place 
Lease Intangibles 
Acquired Above-Market 
Lease Intangibles 
Acquired Below-Market 
Lease Intangibles
2025
$ 
9,030 
$ 
454 
$ 
257 
2026
 
6,494 
 
238 
 
257 
2027
 
6,265 
 
201 
 
257 
2028
 
6,069 
 
186 
 
257 
2029
 
6,076 
 
186 
 
251 
The following table summarizes the weighted-average useful life of the acquired in-place lease intangibles and 
the acquired above- and below-market lease intangibles for 901 New York Avenue as of the acquisition date (in 
years):
Acquired In-Place 
Lease Intangibles 
Acquired Above-Market 
Lease Intangibles 
Acquired Below-Market 
Lease Intangibles
Weighted-average useful life
6.7
4.0
9.8
901 New York Avenue contributed approximately $33.2 million of revenue and $9.4 million of net loss to the 
Company for the period from January 8, 2024 through December 31, 2024.  901 New York Avenue is an office 
property consisting of approximately 508,000 net rentable square feet.
On December 27, 2024, the Company completed the acquisition of 725 12th Street, an approximately 300,000 
net rentable square foot, 12-story office property located in Washington, DC, for a purchase price, excluding 
transaction costs, of $34.0 million.  The acquisition was completed with available cash.  Following the acquisition, 
the Company commenced redevelopment of the property and therefore did not contribute any income to the 
Company for the period from December 27, 2024 to December 31, 2024.  When completed, 725 12th Street is 
expected to total approximately 320,000 net rentable square feet of office and retail space.  
The following table summarizes the allocation of the purchase price, including transactions costs, of 725 12th 
Street (in thousands):
Land and site improvements
$ 
26,997 
Building and improvements
 
8,369 
Net assets acquired
$ 
35,366 
Development
On February 12, 2024, the Company commenced the development of a residential project at 121 Broadway 
Street in Cambridge, Massachusetts that is adjacent to its development projects at 290 Binney Street and 300 
Binney Street.  121 Broadway will consist of 439 residential units aggregating approximately 492,000 net rentable 
square feet.  There can be no assurance that the Company will complete development of the project on the terms 
and schedule currently contemplated or at all.
On April 5, 2024, the Company completed and fully placed in-service 760 Boylston Street, an approximately 
118,000 net rentable square foot retail redevelopment located in Boston, Massachusetts.  
On July 17, 2024, the Company partially placed in-service Reston Next Office Phase II, an approximately 
90,000 net rentable square foot development project comprised of office and retail space located in Reston, Virginia.  
On September 26, 2024, the Company fully placed in-service 180 CityPoint, an approximately 329,000 net 
rentable square foot laboratory/life sciences project located in Waltham, Massachusetts.  
On October 5, 2024, the Company fully placed in-service 103 CityPoint, an approximately 113,000 net 
rentable square foot laboratory/life sciences project located in Waltham, Massachusetts.
On October 31, 2024, the Company completed and fully placed in-service 300 Binney Street, a laboratory/life 
sciences redevelopment project with approximately 240,000 net rentable square feet located in Cambridge, 
Massachusetts. 
  
143

Pending Disposition and Impairment
At March 31, 2024, the Company evaluated the expected hold period for a portion of its Shady Grove property,  
consisting of 2 Choke Cherry Road, 2094 Gaither Road and a land parcel, located in Rockville, Maryland.  Based on 
a shorter-than-expected hold period, the Company reduced the carrying value of a portion of the property that the 
Company anticipates selling to a third-party developer to its estimated fair value at March 31, 2024.  As a result, 
each of BXP and BPLP recognized an impairment loss of approximately $13.6 million during the year ended 
December 31, 2024.  The Company’s estimated fair value was based on Level 3 inputs as defined in ASC 820 and 
the terms of a pending offer from a third-party.  
On May 7, 2024, the Company entered into an agreement with the third-party developer for the sale of 2 
Choke Cherry Road, 2094 Gaither Road and the land parcel, located in Rockville, Maryland, for an aggregate gross 
sale price of approximately $24.8 million.  On July 22, 2024, the Company executed an amendment to the 
agreement for an aggregate gross sale price of approximately $24.7 million.  2 Choke Cherry Road and 2094 
Gaither Road are two vacant office properties aggregating approximately 143,000 net rentable square feet that were 
taken out of service and held for redevelopment.  The disposition is subject to satisfaction of certain closing 
conditions and there can be no assurance that this transaction will be consummated on the terms currently 
contemplated or at all.
4. Leases 
The Company estimates the collectability of its accrued rent and accounts receivable balances related to 
lease revenue.  When evaluating the collectability of these accrued rent and accounts receivable balances, 
management considers tenant creditworthiness, current economic trends and changes in tenants’ payment patterns, 
on a lease-by-lease basis.  If the Company determines that the accrued rent and/or accounts receivable balances 
are no longer probable of collection then the balances are written-off and the lease is recognized on a cash basis.  
If applicable, information related to write-offs of accrued rent, net balances and accounts receivable, net
balances and reinstatements of accrued rent balances for the Company’s unconsolidated joint ventures can be
found in Note 6.
Lessee
The following table provides lease cost information for the Company’s operating and finance leases for the 
years ended December 31, 2024, 2023 and 2022 (in thousands):
Year ended December 31,
Lease costs
2024
2023
2022
Operating lease costs (1)
$ 
14,583 
$ 
14,451 
$ 
12,700 
Finance lease costs
Amortization of right of use asset (2)
$ 
3,093 
$ 
2,821 
$ 
697 
Interest on lease liabilities (3)
$ 
13,374 
$ 
13,747 
$ 
3,236 
_______________
(1) One of the operating leases relates to an asset that was in predevelopment for the year ended December 31, 2024 and 
a portion of the year ended December 31, 2023.  As such, the operating lease costs were capitalized.  For the year 
2022, there were no operating leases related to assets under development. 
(2) The finance leases relate to either land, buildings or assets that are/were in development.  For land leases classified as 
finance leases because of a purchase option that the Company views as an economic incentive, the Company follows 
its existing policy and does not depreciate land because it is assumed to have an indefinite life.  For all other finance 
leases, the Company would amortize the right of use asset over the shorter of the useful life of the asset or the lease 
term.  If the finance lease relates to a property under development, the amortization of the right of use asset may be 
eligible for capitalization.  For assets under development, depreciation may commence once the asset is placed in-
service and depreciation would be recognized in accordance with the Company’s policy.  
(3) One of the finance leases relates to an asset under development for all or a portion of the years ended December 31, 
2023 and December 31, 2022.  As such, a portion of the interest amount was capitalized.  For the year ended 
December 31, 2024, there were no finance leases related to assets under development.
144

The following table provides other quantitative information for the Company’s operating and finance leases as 
of December 31, 2024 and December 31, 2023:
Other information
December 31, 2024
December 31, 2023
Operating Leases (1)
Number of cancelable leases
1
1
Number of non-cancelable leases
5
4
Longest lease expiration date
7/1/2125
7/1/2125
Weighted-average remaining lease term (in years)
72
70
Weighted-average discount rate
 6.5 %
 6.6 %
Finance Leases
Number of cancelable leases
 
— 
 
— 
Number of non-cancelable leases
5
5
Longest lease expiration date
11/1/2094
11/1/2094
Weighted-average remaining lease term (in years)
61
60
Weighted-average discount rate
 6.2 %
 6.1 %
______________
(1) The Company has ground leases that are subject to variable payments and extension options.  None of the leases 
contain residual value guarantees.
The following table provides a maturity analysis for the Company’s lease liabilities related to its operating and 
finance leases as of December 31, 2024 (in thousands):
Operating 
Finance
2025
$ 
40,451 
$ 
30,801 
2026
 
34,155 
 
33,280 
2027
 
10,635 
 
32,768 
2028 (1)
 
40,462 
 
118,252 
2029
 
21,710 
 
10,793 
Thereafter 
 
3,527,328 
 
1,331,413 
Total lease payments
 
3,674,741 
 
1,557,307 
Less:
Interest portion
 
3,282,055 
 
1,186,422 
Present value of lease payments
$ 
392,686 
$ 
370,885 
_______________
(1) Operating lease payments in 2028 includes an approximately $25.1 million final rental payment related to a ground 
lease the Company is reasonably certain it will commence construction on in 2028.  Finance lease payments in 2028 
include approximately $105.3 million related to a purchase option that the Company was reasonably certain it would 
exercise upon execution of the ground leases.  There can be no assurance that the Company will ultimately commence 
construction on the ground lease site or exercise its ground lease purchase option on the schedule currently 
contemplated or at all. 
  
145

The following table provides a maturity analysis for the Company’s lease liabilities related to its operating and 
finance leases as of December 31, 2023 (in thousands):
Operating 
Finance
2024 (1)
$ 
29,989 
$ 
70,370 
2025
 
35,733 
 
32,232 
2026
 
10,100 
 
31,972 
2027
 
9,885 
 
32,170 
2028 (1)
 
14,637 
 
118,232 
Thereafter
 
3,546,537 
 
1,342,174 
Total lease payments
 
3,646,881 
 
1,627,150 
Less:
Interest portion
 
3,296,490 
 
1,209,189 
Present value of lease payments
$ 
350,391 
$ 
417,961 
_______________
(1) Finance lease payments in 2024 and 2028 include approximately $38.7 million and $105.3 million, respectively, related 
to purchase options that the Company was reasonably certain it would exercise upon execution of the ground leases.  
There can be no assurance that the Company will ultimately exercise the purchase options on the schedule currently 
contemplated.
On March 28, 2024, the Company entered into a 90-year air rights lease with the Massachusetts Department 
of Transportation for an approximately 61,000 square foot site at the parking garage located at 100 Clarendon 
Street and the concourse level of the Massachusetts Bay Transportation Authority’s Back Bay Station (the 
“Station”).  The lease requires annual base rental payments of $250,000 until the commencement of construction, 
as defined in the lease.  If the Company commences construction of a project on the site on or before August 1, 
2028, then a final fixed rental payment is due in accordance with the lease at that time.  After August 1, 2028, if the 
Company commences construction of a project on the site, then a final rental payment based on the then current 
fair market value will be due at that time.  In addition, the lease requires annual payments of $500,000 through 2033 
to fund maintenance and improvements to the Station.  The Company has assumed that it will begin construction on 
the site on or before August 1, 2028.  The incremental borrowing rate for this lease is 6.57% per annum.  The net 
present value of the ground lease payments is approximately $23.2 million.  The Company classifies this lease as 
an operating lease.  As a result, the Company recorded a Right of Use Assets – Operating Leases and Lease 
Liabilities – Operating Leases of approximately $23.9 million and $23.2 million, respectively, on its Consolidated 
Balance Sheets at March 31, 2024.  The ground lease had operating lease costs of approximately $0.3 million for 
the period from March 28, 2024 through December 31, 2024.  There can be no assurance that the Company will 
commence construction on the ground lease site on the terms and schedule currently contemplated or at all.
The Company has a ground lease for the land underlying its residential property, The Skylyne, in Oakland, 
California.  The Skylyne is a residential property consisting of 402 residential units and supporting retail space 
totaling approximately 331,000 net rentable square feet.  The ground lease has approximately 92 years remaining 
(including extension options) and provides the Company with the right to purchase the land subject to certain 
conditions.  When the lease was executed in 2017, the purchase option was considered a bargain purchase option 
and, as a result, the Company classified it as a finance lease and the Company assumed the lessor would exercise 
its right to require the Company to purchase the land in May 2024 for approximately $38.7 million.  In May 2024 and 
as of the date of this report, the lessor has not exercised this option and the Company reassessed the accounting 
for the ground lease and determined that the purchase option continues to be considered a bargain purchase option 
and the ground lease will continue to be accounted for as a finance lease.  The lease requires monthly base rental 
payments of a nominal amount until the purchase occurs, which the Company now estimates will be in 2030.  As a 
result of the reassessment, the lease liability was remeasured and reduced to approximately $0.1 million.  In 
conjunction with the reduction in the lease liability, the right of use asset was reduced to $0 and the difference 
between the lease liability and right of use asset, before the remeasurement, of approximately $9.5 million was 
recorded as a decrease to interest expense for the year ended December 31, 2024.  There can be no assurance 
that the Company will ultimately exercise its ground lease purchase option on the schedule currently contemplated 
or at all. 
  
146

Lessor
Operating Leases
The following table summarizes the components of lease revenue recognized during the years ended 
December 31, 2024, 2023 and 2022 included within the Company's Consolidated Statements of Operations (in 
thousands):
Year ended December 31,
Lease Revenue
2024
2023
2022
Fixed contractual payments
$ 
2,605,272 
$ 
2,503,106 
$ 
2,426,007 
Variable lease payments
 
570,541 
 
550,641 
 
492,361 
Sales-type lease
 
992 
 
926 
 
— 
$ 
3,176,805 
$ 
3,054,673 
$ 
2,918,368 
The future contractual lease payments to be received (excluding operating expense reimbursements and 
percentage rent) by the Company as of December 31, 2024, under non-cancelable operating leases which expire 
on various dates through 2049 (in thousands): 
Years Ending December 31,
2025
$ 
2,497,727 
2026
 
2,508,910 
2027
 
2,510,236 
2028
 
2,396,893 
2029
 
2,251,345 
Thereafter
 
13,249,374 
No single tenant represented more than 10.0% of the Company’s total lease revenue for any of the years 
ended December 31, 2024, 2023 and 2022.
Sales-type Lease
For the years ended December 31, 2024, 2023 and 2022, the Company had one non-cancelable ground lease 
obligation, as lessor, that is classified as a sales-type lease with an expiration date in 2119.  The Company 
recognized approximately $1.0 million and $0.9 million of interest income that is recorded in lease revenue on its 
Consolidated Statement of Operations for the year ended December 31, 2024 and 2023, respectively.  The 
Company did not recognize any interest income during the year ended December 31, 2022.  
  
147

The following table provides the future contractual payments to be received as of December 31, 2024 (in 
thousands):
December 31, 2024
2025
$ 
124 
2026
 
321 
2027
 
754 
2028
 
775 
2029
 
793 
Thereafter 
 
266,745 
Total lease payments to be received
 
269,512 
Less:
Interest portion
 
254,589 
Sales-type lease receivable
 
14,923 
Unguaranteed residual asset
 
19 
Current expected credit loss adjustment
 
(285) 
Sales-type lease receivable, net
$ 
14,657 
The following table provides the future contractual payments to be received as of December 31, 2023 (in 
thousands):
December 31, 2023
2024
$ 
31 
2025
 
124 
2026
 
372 
2027
 
756 
2028
 
775 
Thereafter
 
267,474 
Total lease payments to be received
 
269,532 
Less:
Interest portion
 
255,579 
Sales-type lease receivable
 
13,953 
Unguaranteed residual asset
 
18 
Current expected credit loss adjustment
 
(267) 
Sales-type lease receivable, net
$ 
13,704 
5. Deferred Charges 
Deferred charges consisted of the following at December 31, 2024 and 2023 (in thousands): 
December 31, 2024
December 31, 2023
Leasing costs, including lease related intangibles 
$ 
1,261,035 
$ 
1,168,940 
Financing costs
 
21,797 
 
20,600 
 
1,282,832 
 
1,189,540 
Less: Accumulated amortization
 
(469,487) 
 
(429,119) 
$ 
813,345 
$ 
760,421 
  
148

The following table summarizes the scheduled amortization of the Company’s acquired in-place lease 
intangibles for each of the five succeeding years (in thousands).
Acquired In-Place 
Lease Intangibles
2025
$ 
49,875 
2026
 
32,782 
2027
 
26,204 
2028
 
16,301 
2029
 
8,939 
6. Investments in Unconsolidated Joint Ventures 
The investments in unconsolidated joint ventures consist of the following at December 31, 2024 and 
December 31, 2023:
 
Carrying Value of Investment (1)
Entity
Properties
Nominal % 
Ownership
December 31, 
2024
December 31, 
2023
(in thousands)
Square 407 Limited Partnership
Market Square North
 50.00 %
$ 
(11,924) 
$ 
(5,996) 
901 New York, LLC
901 New York Avenue
 25.00 % (2)
 
— 
 
(11,764) 
WP Project Developer LLC
Wisconsin Place Land and 
Infrastructure
 33.33 % (3)
 
29,775 
 
30,375 
500 North Capitol Venture LLC
500 North Capitol Street, NW
 30.00 %
 
(11,696) 
 
(10,253) 
501 K Street LLC
1001 6th Street
 50.00 %
 
45,903 
 
44,774 
Podium Developer LLC
The Hub on Causeway - Podium
 50.00 %
 
42,310 
 
45,201 
Residential Tower Developer LLC
Hub50House
 50.00 %
 
42,493 
 
40,235 
Hotel Tower Developer LLC
The Hub on Causeway - Hotel 
Air Rights
 50.00 %
 
14,271 
 
13,494 
Office Tower Developer LLC
100 Causeway Street
 50.00 %
 
55,810 
 
57,660 
1265 Main Office JV LLC
1265 Main Street
 50.00 %
 
3,476 
 
3,585 
BNY Tower Holdings LLC
Dock 72 
 50.00 % (4)
 
(9,889) 
 
(11,890) 
CA-Colorado Center, LLC
Colorado Center
 50.00 %
 
65,000 
 
237,815 
7750 Wisconsin Avenue LLC 
7750 Wisconsin Avenue 
 50.00 %
 
48,423 
 
50,064 
BP-M 3HB Venture LLC
3 Hudson Boulevard
 25.00 %
 
112,771 
 
115,103 
Platform 16 Holdings LP
Platform 16
 55.00 %
 
56,265 
 
45,564 
Gateway Portfolio Holdings LLC
Gateway Commons
 50.00 %
 
272,000 
 
376,834 
Rosecrans-Sepulveda Partners 4, 
LLC
Beach Cities Media Campus
 50.00 %
 
27,051 
 
27,034 
Safeco Plaza REIT LLC
Safeco Plaza
 33.67 % (5)
 
— 
 
44,734 
360 PAS Holdco LLC
360 Park Avenue South
 71.11 % (6)
 
74,592 
 
42,988 
PR II/BXP Reston Gateway LLC
Skymark - Reston Next 
Residential
 20.00 %
 
14,844 
 
15,184 
751 Gateway Holdings LLC
751 Gateway 
 49.00 %
 
99,701 
 
93,411 
200 Fifth Avenue JV LLC
200 Fifth Avenue
 26.69 %
 
70,673 
 
75,718 
ABXP Worldgate Investments LLC
13100 and 13150 Worldgate 
Drive
 50.00 %
 
18,225 
 
17,546 
$ 
1,060,074 
$ 
1,337,416 
 _______________
(1) Investments with deficit balances aggregating approximately $33.5 million and $39.9 million at December 31, 2024 and 
December 31, 2023, respectively, are included within Other Liabilities in the Company’s Consolidated Balance Sheets.
(2) At December 31, 2023, the Company’s economic ownership was approximately 50%. On January 8, 2024, the Company 
completed the acquisition of its joint venture partner’s 50% economic ownership interest for a gross purchase price of 
  
149

$10.0 million, as described in Note 3 and this Note 6. Since then, the Company accounts for its assets, liabilities and 
operations on a consolidated basis.
(3) The Company’s wholly-owned subsidiary that owns Wisconsin Place Office also owns a 33.33% interest in the joint 
venture entity that owns the land, parking garage and infrastructure of the project.
(4) This property includes net equity balances from the amenity joint venture.
(5) The Company’s ownership includes (1) a 33.0% direct interest in the joint venture, and (2) an additional 1% interest in 
each of the two entities through which each partner owns its interest in the joint venture.
(6) The Company’s ownership includes (1) a 35.79% direct interest in the joint venture, (2) an additional 35.02% indirect 
ownership in the joint venture, and (3) an additional 1% interest in the entity through which the partner owns its interest in 
the joint venture.   
     
Certain of the Company’s unconsolidated joint venture agreements include provisions whereby, at certain 
specified times, each partner has the right to initiate a purchase or sale of its interest in the joint venture.  Under 
certain of the Company’s joint venture agreements, if certain return thresholds are achieved, the partners or the 
Company will be entitled to an additional promoted interest or payments.
The combined summarized balance sheets of the Company’s unconsolidated joint ventures are as follows: 
December 31, 2024
December 31, 2023
 
(in thousands)
ASSETS
Real estate and development in process, net (1)
$ 
5,748,198 
$ 
5,811,763 
Other assets (2)
 
703,096 
 
682,291 
Total assets
$ 
6,451,294 
$ 
6,494,054 
LIABILITIES AND MEMBERS’/PARTNERS’ EQUITY
Mortgage and notes payable, net
$ 
3,206,723 
$ 
3,351,873 
Other liabilities (3)
 
292,125 
 
361,357 
Members’/Partners’ equity
 
2,952,446 
 
2,780,824 
Total liabilities and members’/partners’ equity
$ 
6,451,294 
$ 
6,494,054 
Company’s share of equity
$ 
1,344,543 
$ 
1,278,483 
Basis differentials (4)
 
(284,469)  
58,933 
Carrying value of the Company’s investments in unconsolidated joint ventures (5)
$ 
1,060,074 
$ 
1,337,416 
_______________
(1) At December 31, 2024 and December 31, 2023, this amount included right of use assets - operating leases totaling 
approximately $19.0 million and $20.1 million, respectively.
(2) At December 31, 2024 and December 31, 2023, this amount included sales-type lease receivable, net totaling 
approximately $14.1 million and $13.9 million, respectively.
(3) At December 31, 2024 and December 31, 2023, this amount included lease liabilities - operating leases totaling 
approximately $30.5 million.
(4) This amount represents the aggregate difference between the Company’s historical cost basis and the basis reflected at 
the joint venture level, which is typically amortized over the life of the related assets and liabilities. Basis differentials result 
from impairments of investments, acquisitions through joint ventures with no change in control and upon the transfer of 
assets that were previously owned by the Company into a joint venture.  During the year ended December 31, 2024, the 
Company recognized an other-than-temporary impairment loss on its investment in Colorado Center, Gateway Commons 
and Safeco Plaza of approximately $168.4 million, $126.1 million, and $46.8 million, respectively.  During the year ended  
December 31, 2023, the Company recognized an other-than-temporary loss on its investments in Platform 16, 360 Park 
Avenue South, 200 Fifth Avenue and Safeco Plaza of approximately $155.2 million, $54.0 million, $33.4 million and 
$29.9 million, respectively.  In addition, certain acquisition, transaction and other costs may not be reflected in the net 
assets at the joint venture level. The Company’s basis differences include:
  
150

December 31, 2024
December 31, 2023
Property
(in thousands)
Colorado Center
$ 
127,632 
$ 
298,906 
200 Fifth Avenue
 
49,656 
 
58,308 
Gateway Commons
 
(74,500) 
 
48,971 
Safeco Plaza
 
(75,576) 
 
(29,678) 
Dock 72
 
(92,054) 
 
(95,521) 
360 Park Avenue South
 
(113,265) 
 
(116,534) 
Platform 16
 
(142,698) 
 
(143,052) 
These basis differentials (excluding land) will be amortized over the remaining lives of the related assets and liabilities.  An 
additional $36.3 million and $37.5 million of other basis differentials are not included above at December 31, 2024 and 
December 31, 2023, respectively.
(5) Investments with deficit balances aggregating approximately $33.5 million and $39.9 million at December 31, 2024 and 
December 31, 2023, respectively, are reflected within Other Liabilities in the Company’s Consolidated Balance Sheets.
The combined summarized statements of operations of the Company’s unconsolidated joint ventures are as 
follows: 
 
Year ended December 31,
 
2024
2023
2022
 
(in thousands)
Total revenue (1)
$ 
507,678 
$ 
612,589 
$ 
512,078 
Expenses
Operating
 
204,625 
 
239,947 
 
198,632 
Transaction costs
 
456 
 
301 
 
837 
Depreciation and amortization
 
160,756 
 
197,228 
 
181,041 
Total expenses
 
365,837 
 
437,476 
 
380,510 
Other income (expense)
Loss from early extinguishment of debt
 
— 
 
(3) 
 
(1,327) 
Interest expense
 
(176,994) 
 
(227,537) 
 
(154,065) 
Unrealized gain (loss) on derivative instruments
 
5,570 
 
(6,582) 
 
1,681 
Gain on sales-type lease
 
— 
 
2,737 
 
— 
Net loss
$ 
(29,583) 
$ 
(56,272) 
$ 
(22,143) 
Company’s share of net loss
$ 
(10,912) 
$ 
(19,599) 
$ 
(2,551) 
Gain on investment (2)
 
— 
 
35,756 
 
— 
Gain on sale / consolidation (3)
 
21,696 
 
28,412 
 
— 
Impairment losses on investments (4)
 
(341,338) 
 
(272,603) 
 
(50,705) 
Basis differential (5)
 
(12,623) 
 
(11,509) 
 
(6,584) 
Loss from unconsolidated joint ventures
$ 
(343,177) 
$ 
(239,543) 
$ 
(59,840) 
_______________ 
(1) Includes straight-line rent adjustments of approximately $13.7 million, $28.7 million and $62.9 million for the years ended 
December 31, 2024, 2023 and 2022, respectively.  
(2) During the year ended December 31, 2023, the Company completed a restructuring of its ownership in Metropolitan 
Square.
(3) During the year ended December 31, 2024, the Company acquired its joint venture partner’s 50% economic interest in 
901 New York Avenue.  During the year ended December 31, 2023, the Company acquired its joint venture partner’s 45% 
ownership interest in Santa Monica Business Park.    
(4) During the year ended December 31, 2024, the Company recognized an other-than-temporary impairment loss on its 
investments in Colorado Center, Gateway Commons and Safeco Plaza of approximately $168.4 million, $126.1 million, 
and $46.8 million, respectively.  During the year ended December 31, 2023, the Company recognized an other-than-
temporary impairment loss on its investments in Platform 16, 360 Park Avenue South, 200 Fifth Avenue and Safeco Plaza 
  
151

of approximately $155.2 million, $54.0 million, $33.4 million and $29.9 million, respectively.  During the year ended 
December 31, 2022, the Company recognized an other-than-temporary impairment loss on its investment in the 
unconsolidated joint venture that owns Dock 72 in Brooklyn, New York totaling approximately $50.7 million.
(5) Includes depreciation and amortization of approximately $15.4 million, $16.6 million and $7.4 million for the years ended 
December 31, 2024, 2023 and 2022, respectively.  Includes unrealized gain (loss) on derivative instruments of 
approximately $1.5 million, $(1.8) million and $0.5 million for the years ended December 31, 2024, 2023 and 2022, 
respectively.  Includes straight-line rent adjustments of approximately $1.3 million, $1.5 million and $0.5 million for the 
years ended December 31, 2024, 2023 and 2022, respectively.  Also includes net above-/below-market rent adjustments 
of approximately $0.8 million, $0.8 million and $0.4 million for the years ended December 31, 2024, 2023 and 2022, 
respectively.
On January 2, 2024, a joint venture in which the Company has a 50% ownership interest partially placed in-
service 651 Gateway, an approximately 327,000 net rentable square foot laboratory/life sciences project in South 
San Francisco, California (See Note 17).  
On January 8, 2024, the Company acquired its joint venture partner’s 50% economic ownership interest in the 
joint venture that owns 901 New York Avenue, located in Washington, DC, for a gross purchase price of 
$10.0 million in cash (See Note 3).  Prior to the acquisition, the Company had a 50% economic ownership interest in 
the joint venture and accounted for it under the equity method of accounting.  The acquisition resulted in the 
Company having full ownership of the joint venture such that the Company now accounts for its assets, liabilities, 
and operations on a consolidated basis in its financial statements instead of under the equity method of accounting. 
As a result, the Company recognized a gain on consolidation of approximately $21.8 million.
On February 6, 2024, a joint venture in which the Company has a 25% ownership interest extended the 
maturity date of the loan collateralized by its 3 Hudson Boulevard property.  At the time of the extension, the loan 
had an outstanding principal balance totaling $80.0 million and was scheduled to mature on February 9, 2024.  The 
extended loan was scheduled to mature on May 9, 2024.  On May 8, 2024, the loan was extended 30 days and on 
June 7, 2024, the loan was extended an additional 60 days.  The extended loan continued to bear interest at a 
variable rate equal to Term SOFR plus approximately 3.61% per annum and matured on August 7, 2024.  As of 
December 31, 2024, the loan was in a maturity default and had an outstanding balance, including accrued and 
unpaid interest and default interest of approximately $119.6 million. The joint venture is negotiating a new third-party 
loan, however, there can be no assurance that the joint venture will enter into a new third-party loan on the terms 
and schedule currently contemplated or at all.  The Company is the lender of the loan, and the loan and accrued 
interest are reflected as Related Party Note Receivables, Net and Tenant and Other Receivables, Net, respectively, 
on the Company’s Consolidated Balance Sheets.  3 Hudson Boulevard consists of land and improvements held for 
future development located in New York, New York.
On February 9, 2024, a joint venture in which the Company has a 50% ownership interest exercised an option 
to extend the maturity date of the construction loan collateralized by its 7750 Wisconsin Avenue property.  The 
construction loan had a total commitment amount of approximately $252.6 million.  The extended loan continues to 
bear interest at a variable rate equal to Term SOFR plus 1.35% per annum and matures on April 26, 2025.  At the 
time of the extension, the loan had an outstanding balance totaling approximately $251.6 million and was scheduled 
to mature on April 26, 2024.  7750 Wisconsin Avenue is an office property with approximately 736,000 net rentable 
square feet located in Bethesda, Maryland.
On July 18, 2024, a joint venture in which the Company has a 50% ownership interest extended by one year 
the maturity date of its loan collateralized by 100 Causeway Street.  At the time of the extension, the loan had an 
outstanding balance totaling approximately $333.6 million, bore interest at Term SOFR plus 1.48% per annum, and 
was scheduled to mature on September 5, 2024.  Following the extension, the loan will continue to bear interest at 
Term SOFR plus 1.48% per annum, and is scheduled to mature on September 5, 2025. 100 Causeway Street is an 
approximately 634,000 net rentable square foot office property located in Boston, Massachusetts.
On August 7, 2024, a joint venture in which the Company has a 71.11% ownership interest partially placed in-
service 360 Park Avenue South, a 20-story, office building with ground floor retail located in New York City, New 
York, aggregating approximately 450,000 net rentable square feet.  On December 13, 2024, the joint venture  
extended the maturity date of its mortgage loan by three years.  At the time of the extension, the loan had an 
outstanding balance totaling approximately $220.0 million, bore interest at Adjusted Term SOFR plus 2.40% per 
annum, and was scheduled to mature on December 14, 2024.  Following the extension, the loan will bear interest at 
Term SOFR plus 2.50% per annum, and is scheduled to mature on December 13, 2027. 
  
152

On December 13, 2024, a joint venture in which the Company has a 20% ownership interest fully placed in-
service Skymark, a luxury residential property located in Reston, Virginia, that consists of 508 residential units 
aggregating approximately 417,000 net rentable square feet across a five-story, low-rise building and a 39-story 
tower.
Impairments
The Company’s investments in unconsolidated joint ventures are reviewed for indicators of impairment on a 
quarterly basis and the Company records impairment charges when events or circumstances indicate that a decline 
in the fair values below the carrying amounts has occurred and such decline is other-than-temporary.  During the 
year ended December 31, 2024, the Company conducted and reviewed, along with its joint venture partners, the 
2025 business plans for each of its ventures.  During this year end review, the Company evaluated key indicators 
related to certain investments in unconsolidated joint ventures, including changes in cash flows, declining market 
conditions and leasing activities, continued actual and projected operating deficits and receipts and considerations 
of third-party joint venture property appraisals.  Such evaluation of key impairment indicators resulted in the 
Company determining that the decline in value, for certain joint venture properties, was other-than-temporary and 
therefore the Company recorded impairment charges during the year ended December 31, 2024.  The Company 
determined that its investment was categorized within Level 3 of the fair value hierarchy, as it utilized significant 
unobservable inputs in its assessment.  The table below states the amount of each impairment as well as the inputs 
used in the calculation (dollars in thousands).  
Property
Impairment Amount
Exit Capitalization Rate
Discount Rate
Colorado Center
$ 
168,391 
 7.5 %
 10.0 %
Gateway Commons
 
126,163 
 7.0 %
 9.0 %
Safeco Plaza
 
46,784 
 7.0 %
 8.0 %
Total
$ 
341,338 
 Colorado Center consists of six office buildings aggregating approximately 1.1 million net rentable square feet 
located in Santa Monica, California.  Gateway Commons is an office park consisting of five buildings aggregating 
approximately 785,500 net rentable square feet located in South San Francisco, California.  Safeco Plaza is an 
office tower with approximately 763,000 net rentable square feet located in Seattle, Washington.
7. Debt
Mortgage Notes Payable
The Company had outstanding mortgage notes payable totaling approximately $4.3 billion and $4.2 billion as 
of December 31, 2024 and 2023, respectively, each collateralized by one or more buildings and related land 
included in real estate assets.  The mortgage notes payable are generally due in monthly installments and mature at 
various dates through January 9, 2032.
 Including the effects of interest rate swaps, there were no variable rate mortgage loans at December 31, 2024 
and 2023 (See Note 8).  Therefore, fixed rate mortgage notes payable totaled approximately $4.3 billion and $4.2 
billion at December 31, 2024 and 2023, respectively, with contractual interest rates ranging from 2.79% to 6.04% 
per annum at December 31, 2024 and December 31, 2023 (with a weighted-average interest rate of 3.68% and  
3.70% at December 31, 2024 and 2023, respectively). 
  
153

Contractual aggregate principal payments of mortgage notes payable at December 31, 2024 are as follows (in 
thousands): 
 
Principal Payments
2025
$ 
4,250 
2026
 
4,357 
2027
 
2,304,580 
2028
 
804,815 
2029
 
184,311 
Thereafter
 
1,000,000 
Total aggregate principal payments
 
4,302,313 
Less:
Deferred financing costs, net
 
24,559 
Fair value debt adjustment
 
1,145 
Total carrying value of mortgage notes payable, net
$ 
4,276,609 
On January 8, 2024, the Company acquired its joint venture partner’s 50% economic ownership interest in the 
joint venture that owns 901 New York Avenue located in Washington, DC (See Note 3).  The property is subject to 
existing mortgage indebtedness.  At acquisition, the mortgage loan had an outstanding principal balance of 
approximately $207.1 million, bore interest at 3.61% per annum and was scheduled to mature on January 5, 2025.  
The mortgage loan was recorded at a fair value of approximately $198.7 million.  On January 11, 2024, the 
Company modified the mortgage loan to provide for two extension options totaling five years of additional term, 
each subject to certain conditions.  On December 20, 2024, the Company exercised the first extension option to 
extend the maturity date to January 5, 2029.  At the time of the extension, the outstanding principal balance was 
$202.3 million.  The extended loan will bear interest at 5.00% per annum beginning January 5, 2025.  The loan has 
a one-year extension option remaining, subject to certain conditions. 
On October 8, 2024, the Company modified the mortgage loan collateralized by its Santa Monica Business 
Park properties located in Santa Monica, California.  The mortgage loan had an outstanding principal balance of 
$200.0 million, bore interest at a variable rate equal to Daily Simple SOFR plus 1.38% per annum and was 
scheduled to mature on July 19, 2025.  The modified loan is scheduled to mature on October 8, 2028 and continues 
to bear interest at a variable rate equal to Daily Simple SOFR plus 1.38% per annum until July 19, 2025.  Beginning 
July 19, 2025, the mortgage loan will bear interest at Daily Simple SOFR plus 1.60% per annum through the 
maturity date.  The entire principal is subject to interest rate swap contracts to fix Daily Simple SOFR at a weighted-
average fixed interest rate of approximately 2.675% per annum through April 1, 2025 (See Note 8).  The mortgage 
loan requires monthly interest-only payments during the term of the loan, with the entire principal due at maturity.  
Santa Monica Business Park is an office park consisting of 21 buildings totaling approximately 1.2 million net 
rentable square feet.
  
154

Unsecured Senior Notes
The following summarizes the unsecured senior notes outstanding as of December 31, 2024 (dollars in 
thousands): 
Coupon/
Stated Rate
Effective 
Rate(1)
Principal 
Amount
Maturity Date(2)
7 Year Unsecured Senior Notes (3)
 3.200 %
 3.350 %
$ 
850,000 
January 15, 2025
10 Year Unsecured Senior Notes
 3.650 %
 3.766 %
 
1,000,000 
February 1, 2026
10 Year Unsecured Senior Notes
 2.750 %
 3.495 %
 
1,000,000 
October 1, 2026
5 Year Unsecured Senior Notes
 6.750 %
 6.924 %
 
750,000 
December 1, 2027
10 Year Unsecured Senior Notes
 4.500 %
 4.628 %
 
1,000,000 
December 1, 2028
10 Year Unsecured Senior Notes
 3.400 %
 3.505 %
 
850,000 
June 21, 2029
10.5 Year Unsecured Senior Notes
 2.900 %
 2.984 %
 
700,000 
March 15, 2030
10.75 Year Unsecured Senior Notes
 3.250 %
 3.343 %
 
1,250,000 
January 30, 2031
11 Year Unsecured Senior Notes
 2.550 %
 2.671 %
 
850,000 
April 1, 2032
12 Year Unsecured Senior Notes
 2.450 %
 2.524 %
 
850,000 
October 1, 2033
10.7 Year Unsecured Senior Notes
 6.500 %
 6.619 %
 
750,000 
January 15, 2034
10 Year Unsecured Senior Notes
 5.750 %
 5.842 %
 
850,000 
January 15, 2035
Total principal
 10,700,000 
Less:
Net unamortized discount
 
10,885 
Deferred financing costs, net
 
44,038 
Total
$ 10,645,077 
_______________
(1) Yield on issuance date including the effects of discounts on the notes, settlements of interest rate contracts and the 
amortization of financing costs.
(2) No principal amounts are due prior to maturity.
(3) See Note 17.
On February 1, 2024, BPLP repaid $700.0 million in aggregate principal amount of its 3.800% senior notes 
due February 1, 2024.  The repayment was completed with available cash.  The repayment price was approximately 
$713.3 million, which was equal to the stated principal plus approximately $13.3 million of accrued and unpaid 
interest to, but not including, the repayment date.  Excluding the accrued and unpaid interest, the repayment price 
was equal to the principal amount being repaid.  
On August 26, 2024, BPLP completed a public offering of $850.0 million in aggregate principal amount of its 
5.750% unsecured senior notes due 2035.  The notes were priced at 99.961% of the principal amount to yield an 
effective rate (including financing fees) of approximately 5.842% per annum to maturity.  The notes will mature on 
January 15, 2035, unless earlier redeemed.  The aggregate net proceeds from the offering were approximately 
$841.9 million after deducting underwriting discounts and transaction expenses.
The indenture relating to the unsecured senior notes contains certain financial restrictions and requirements, 
including (1) a leverage ratio not to exceed 60%, (2) a secured debt leverage ratio not to exceed 50%, (3) an 
interest coverage ratio of greater than 1.50, and (4) an unencumbered asset value of not less than 150% of 
unsecured debt.  At December 31, 2024, BPLP was in compliance with each of these financial restrictions and 
requirements.
Unsecured Credit Facility
BPLP’s unsecured revolving credit facility (the “2021 Credit Facility”) provides for borrowings of up to 
$2.0 billion, as described below in this Note 7, through BPLP’s revolving facility, subject to customary conditions.  
The 2021 Credit Facility matures on June 15, 2026 and includes a sustainability-linked pricing component.  Under 
the 2021 Credit Facility, BPLP had the option to increase the original total commitment of $1.5 billion by up to an 
additional $500.0 million by increasing the amount of the Revolving Facility and/or by incurring one or more term 
loans, in each case, subject to syndication of the increase and other conditions (the “Accordion Option”).  On 
  
155

September 28, 2023, BPLP exercised a portion of the Accordion Option which increased the then maximum 
borrowing amount under the 2021 Credit Facility from $1.5 billion to $1.815 billion.  On April 29, 2024, BPLP 
exercised the remainder of the Accordion Option and further increased the maximum borrowing amount under the 
2021 Credit Facility to $2.0 billion.  All other terms of the 2021 Credit Facility remain unchanged.  
At BPLP’s option, loans under the 2021 Credit Facility will bear interest at a rate per annum equal to (1) (a) in 
the case of loans denominated in Dollars, Term SOFR and SOFR, (b) in the case of loans denominated in Euro, 
EURIBOR, (c) in the case of loans denominated in Canadian Dollars, Term CORRA, and (d) in the case of loans 
denominated in Sterling, SONIA, in each case, plus a margin ranging from 70.0 to 140.0 basis points based on 
BPLP’s credit rating or (2) an alternate base rate equal to the greatest of (a) the Federal Funds rate plus 0.5%, (b) 
the administrative agent’s prime rate, (c) Term SOFR plus 1.00%, and (d) 1.00%, in each case, plus a margin 
ranging from 0 to 40 basis points based on BPLP’s credit rating.  In addition, there is a SOFR credit spread 
adjustment of 0.10%.
The 2021 Credit Facility also features a sustainability-linked pricing component such that if BPLP meets 
certain sustainability performance targets, the applicable per annum interest rate will be reduced by one basis point.  
In addition, the 2021 Credit Facility contains a competitive bid option for up to 65% of the Revolving Facility that 
allows banks that are part of the lender consortium to bid to make loan advances to BPLP at a reduced interest rate.
Pursuant to the 2021 Credit Facility, BPLP is obligated to pay (1) in quarterly installments a facility fee on the 
total commitment under the Revolving Facility at a rate per annum ranging from 0.10% to 0.30% based on BPLP’s 
credit rating and (2) an annual fee on the undrawn amount of each letter of credit ranging from 0.70% to 1.40% 
based on BPLP’s credit rating.
Based on BPLP’s December 31, 2024 credit rating, (1) the applicable Daily SOFR, Term SOFR, alternative 
currency daily rate, and alternative currency term rate margins are 0.850%, (2) the alternate base rate margin is 
zero basis points and (3) the facility fee is 0.20% per annum.
At December 31, 2024 and December 31, 2023, BPLP had no amount outstanding under the 2021 Credit 
Facility.  The 2021 Credit Facility is used as a backstop for BPLP’s $500.0 million unsecured commercial paper 
program (See “Unsecured Commercial Paper” below).  As such, BPLP intends to maintain, at a minimum, 
availability under the 2021 Credit Facility in an amount equal to the amount of unsecured commercial paper notes 
outstanding.  
Unsecured Term Loans
On January 4, 2023, BPLP entered into a credit agreement that provided for a $1.2 billion unsecured term loan 
facility (the “2023 Unsecured Term Loan”).  Upon entry into the credit agreement, BPLP exercised its option to draw 
$1.2 billion under the 2023 Unsecured Term Loan.  On April 29, 2024, BPLP repaid $500.0 million of the outstanding 
balance under the 2023 Unsecured Term Loan from the proceeds of its unsecured commercial paper program (See 
“Unsecured Commercial Paper” below).  
Under the credit agreement governing the 2023 Unsecured Term Loan, BPLP may, at any time prior to the 
maturity date, increase total commitments by up to an additional $300.0 million in aggregate principal amount by 
increasing the existing 2023 Unsecured Term Loan or incurring one or more additional term loans, in each case, 
subject to syndication of the increase and other conditions.  The 2023 Unsecured Term Loan had an initial maturity 
date of May 16, 2024, with one 12-month extension option, subject to customary conditions.  On May 16, 2024, 
BPLP exercised its option to extend the maturity date of the 2023 Unsecured Term Loan to May 16, 2025.  All other 
terms of the 2023 Unsecured Term Loan remain unchanged.    
At BPLP’s option, loans under the 2023 Unsecured Term Loan will bear interest at a rate per annum equal to 
(1) a base rate equal to the greatest of (a) the Federal Funds rate plus 0.5%, (b) the administrative agent’s prime 
rate, (c) Term SOFR for a one-month period plus 1.00%, and (d) 1.00%, in each case, plus a margin ranging from 0 
to 60 basis points based on BPLP’s credit rating; or (2) a rate equal to adjusted Term SOFR with a one-month 
period plus a margin ranging from 75 to 160 basis points based on BPLP’s credit rating.  
On September 27, 2024, BPLP entered into a credit agreement that provides for a $100.0 million unsecured 
term loan facility (the “2024 Unsecured Term Loan”) with a lender (the “Lender”) under the mortgage loan 
collateralized by the Company’s Santa Monica Business Park properties located in Santa Monica, California (the 
“SMBP Loan”).  Upon entry into the credit agreement, BPLP exercised its option to draw $100.0 million under the 
2024 Unsecured Term Loan.  The proceeds were used to modify and repay the portion of the SMBP Loan held by 
  
156

the Lender.  After the repayment, the SMBP Loan had a remaining principal balance of $200.0 million.  The 2024 
Unsecured Term Loan matures on September 26, 2025 with three, one-year extension options, subject to 
customary conditions.
At BPLP’s option, loans under the 2024 Unsecured Term Loan will bear interest at a rate per annum equal to 
(1) a base rate equal to the highest of (a) zero, (b) Prime Rate, (c) the Federal Funds effective rate plus 0.50%, and 
(d) Term SOFR for a one-month period plus 1.10%, in each case, plus a margin ranging from 0 to 60 basis points 
based on BPLP’s credit rating; or (2) a rate equal to adjusted Term SOFR or Daily Simple SOFR with a one-month 
period plus, a margin ranging from 75 to 160 basis points based on BPLP’s credit rating.  The 2024 Unsecured Term 
Loan is subject to an interest rate swap contract to fix Daily Simple SOFR at an interest rate of approximately 
2.688% per annum through April 1, 2025 (See Note 8).
Based on BPLP’s December 31, 2024 credit rating, (1) the 2023 Unsecured Term Loan bears interest at a rate 
equal to Term SOFR plus 1.05% per annum and (2) the 2024 Unsecured Term Loan bears interest at a rate equal to 
Daily Simple SOFR plus 1.05% per annum.  At December 31, 2024, BPLP had $100.0 million and $700.0 million of 
principal outstanding under the 2024 Unsecured Term Loan and 2023 Unsecured Term Loan, respectively.  At 
December 31, 2023, BPLP had $1.2 billion of principal outstanding under the 2023 Unsecured Term Loan.
The 2023 and 2024 Unsecured Term Loans contain customary representations and warranties, affirmative and 
negative covenants and events of default provisions, including the failure to pay indebtedness, breaches of 
covenants and bankruptcy and other insolvency events, which could result in the acceleration of the obligation to 
repay any outstanding amount under the 2023 and 2024 Unsecured Term Loans.  Among other covenants, the 2023 
and 2024 Unsecured Term Loans require that BPLP maintain on an ongoing basis: (1) a leverage ratio not to 
exceed 60%, however, the leverage ratio may increase to no greater than 65% provided that it is reduced back to 
60% within one year, (2) a secured debt leverage ratio not to exceed 55%, (3) a fixed charge coverage ratio of at 
least 1.40 to 1.00, (4) an unsecured debt leverage ratio not to exceed 60%, however, the unsecured debt leverage 
ratio may increase to no greater than 65% provided that it is reduced to 60% within one year, (5) an unsecured debt 
interest coverage ratio of at least 1.75 to 1.00 and (6) limitations on permitted investments.  At December 31, 2024, 
BPLP was in compliance with each of these financial and other covenant requirements.
Unsecured Commercial Paper
On April 17, 2024, BPLP established an unsecured commercial paper program.  Under the terms of the 
program, BPLP may issue, from time to time, unsecured commercial paper notes up to a maximum aggregate 
amount outstanding at any one time of $500.0 million with varying maturities of up to one year.  Amounts available 
under the unsecured commercial paper program may be borrowed, repaid, and re-borrowed from time to time.  The 
notes are sold in private placements and rank pari passu with all of BPLP’s other unsecured senior indebtedness, 
including its outstanding senior notes.  The commercial paper program is backstopped by available capacity under 
the 2021 Credit Facility.  At December 31, 2024, BPLP had an aggregate of $500.0 million of unsecured commercial 
paper notes outstanding that bore interest at a weighted-average rate of approximately 4.79% per annum and had a 
weighted-average maturity of 38 days from the issuance date. 
8. Derivative Instruments and Hedging Activities
BPLP’s agreements with derivative counterparties contain provisions whereby if BPLP defaults on the 
underlying indebtedness, including defaults where repayment of the indebtedness has not been accelerated by the 
lender, then BPLP could also be declared in default of the swap derivative obligation.  As of December 31, 2024, the 
Company had not posted any collateral related to the agreements.
Effective Hedge Instruments
BPLP assesses the effectiveness of its derivatives both at inception and on an ongoing basis.  If the hedges 
are deemed to be effective, the fair value is recorded in “Accumulated other comprehensive loss” in the Company’s 
Consolidated Balance Sheets and is subsequently reclassified into “Interest expense” in the Company’s 
Consolidated Statements of Operations in the period that the hedged forecasted transactions affect earnings.  
BPLP’s derivative financial instruments are cash flow hedges that are designated as effective hedges, and they are 
carried at their estimated fair value on a recurring basis (See Note 2).  The Company did not incur ineffectiveness 
during the years ended December 31, 2024 and 2023.  
  
157

BPLP’s and SMBP LLC’s derivative contracts consisted of the following at December 31, 2024 (dollars in 
thousands):
Derivative 
Instrument
Aggregate 
Notional 
Amount 
Strike Rate Range
Balance Sheet 
Location 
Effective Date 
Maturity Date
Low 
High 
Fair Value
BPLP:
Interest Rate Swaps
$ 600,000 
December 15, 
2023
October 26, 
2028
 3.790% —  3.798% 
Prepaid expenses and 
other assets
$ 
4,042 
Interest Rate Swaps
 
100,000 
September 27, 
2024
April 1, 2025
 2.688% —  2.688% 
Prepaid expenses and 
other assets
 
401 
 
700,000 
 
4,443 
SMBP LLC (1)
Interest Rate Swaps
 
200,000 
December 14, 
2023
April 1, 2025
 2.661% —  2.688% 
Prepaid expenses and 
other assets
 
809 
$ 900,000 
$ 
5,252 
_______________
(1) A consolidated subsidiary of the Company that is the borrower under the mortgage loan collateralized by its Santa Monica 
Business Park property.
The following table presents the location in the financial statements of the gains or (losses) recognized as a 
result of the Company’s cash flow hedges for the years ended December 31, 2024, 2023 and 2022 (in thousands):
Year ended December 31,
2024
2023
2022
Amount of gain (loss) related to the effective portion recognized in other 
comprehensive income (1)
$ 
9,202 
$ (14,405) 
$ 19,396 
Amount of gain (loss) related to the effective portion subsequently 
reclassified to earnings (2)
$ 12,618 
$ 
6,703 
$ 
6,707 
Amount of gain (loss) related to the ineffective portion and amount 
excluded from effectiveness testing
$ 
— 
$ 
— 
$ 
— 
_______________
(1) Includes the Company’s share of gain (loss) related to the effective portion of derivatives outstanding at its unconsolidated 
joint venture properties.
(2) Includes amounts from previous interest rate programs.
BPLP has formally documented all of its relationships between hedge instruments and hedging items, as well 
as its risk-management objectives and strategy for undertaking various hedge transactions.  While management 
believes its judgments are reasonable, a change in a derivative's effectiveness as a hedge could materially affect 
expenses, net income (loss) and equity.  
Ineffective Hedging Instruments
During the year ended December 31, 2023, to satisfy a lender requirement, the Company entered into two 
agreements with the same third-party to purchase and sell a $600.0 million interest rate cap.  The Company did not 
elect hedge accounting, and as such, any change in market value will be recognized in Gain (losses) from interest 
rate contracts in the Consolidated Statement of Operations.  For the year ended December 31, 2023, the Company 
recognized approximately $79,000 of loss on its Consolidated Statement of Operations from entering into these 
agreements.  There was no ineffectiveness recognized for the year ended December 31, 2024.
9. Commitments and Contingencies 
General
In the normal course of business, the Company guarantees its performance of services or indemnifies third 
parties against its negligence.  In addition, in the normal course of business, the Company guarantees to certain 
tenants the obligations of the Company’s subsidiaries to pay tenant improvement allowances and brokerage 
commissions in connection with their leases and limited costs arising from delays in delivery of their premises.  
  
158

The Company had letter of credit and performance obligations related to lender and development 
requirements that total approximately $20.3 million at December 31, 2024.
Certain of the Company’s joint venture agreements include provisions whereby, at certain specified times, 
each partner has the right to initiate a purchase or sale of its interest in the joint venture.  From time to time, under 
certain of the Company’s joint venture agreements, if certain return thresholds are achieved, either the Company or 
its partners may be entitled to receive an additional promoted interest or payments. 
From time to time, the Company (or ventures in which the Company has an ownership interest) has agreed, 
and may in the future agree, to (1) guarantee portions of the principal, interest and other amounts in connection with 
their borrowings, (2) provide customary environmental indemnifications and nonrecourse carve-outs (e.g., 
guarantees against fraud, misrepresentation and bankruptcy) in connection with their borrowings and (3) provide 
guarantees to lenders, tenants and other third parties for the completion of development projects.  The Company 
has agreements with its third-party joint venture partners whereby the partners agree to reimburse the joint venture 
for their share of any payments made under the guarantee.  In some cases, the Company earns a fee from the 
applicable joint venture for providing the guarantee. 
In connection with the refinancing of 767 Fifth Avenue’s (the General Motors Building) secured loan by the 
Company’s consolidated joint venture entity, 767 Venture, LLC, the Company guaranteed the consolidated entity’s 
obligation to fund various reserves for tenant improvement costs and allowances, leasing commissions and free rent 
obligations in lieu of cash deposits.  As of December 31, 2024, the maximum funding obligation under the guarantee 
was approximately $6.4 million.  The Company earns a fee from the joint venture for providing the guarantee and 
has an agreement with the outside partners to reimburse the joint venture for their share of any payments made 
under the guarantee.  As of December 31, 2024, no amounts related to the guarantee were recorded as liabilities in 
the Company’s consolidated financial statements.
In connection with the sale of Metropolitan Square, an approximately 657,000 square foot office building in 
Washington, DC in which the Company had a 20% equity interest, the Company agreed to become a co-lender of 
up to $20.0 million under a mezzanine loan.  The mezzanine loan has a maximum principal amount of 
$100.0 million, and it is subordinate only to an existing senior loan.  The mezzanine loan may be drawn upon for 
future lease-up, operating and other costs on an as-needed basis, and amounts borrowed will bear interest at a per 
annum rate of 12%, compounded monthly.  As of December 31, 2024, the Company has funded approximately 
$4.9 million under the mezzanine loan.   
Legal Matters 
The Company is subject to various legal proceedings and claims that arise in the ordinary course of business.  
These matters are generally covered by insurance.  Management believes that the final outcome of such matters 
will not have a material adverse effect on the financial position, results of operations or liquidity of the Company. 
In connection with the acquisition of an office property in New York City in 2010, the Company entered into an 
agreement with the seller pursuant to which the seller could earn various fees (i.e., Fixed, Additional and Final Fees)  
based on the future leasing performance of the property.  The Company initially accrued approximately $1.5 million 
as an estimate of the fees it would owe the seller.  In 2020, the seller filed suit against the Company in the Supreme 
Court of the State of New York, County of New York, claiming that consideration significantly in excess of the initial 
reserve amount is owed under the agreement.  The disagreement between the Company and the seller involves 
material issues of contract interpretation and, more importantly, the method of calculating fees, including various 
inputs (both facts and assumptions) that drive the calculations. 
On January 25, 2024, the New York Supreme Court granted in part the seller’s motion for summary judgment 
finding that the Company owes the seller an “Additional Fee” and a “Final Fee” under the terms of the parties’ 
purchase agreement.  The court issued a follow-on order on February 8, 2024, confirming its earlier order that the 
seller is entitled to the fees described in the parties’ agreement.  Other than the “Fixed Fee,” which BXP agreed to 
pay and for which it had established a reserve of approximately $2.2 million (including interest), the amount of the 
fees (if any) that are due to the seller has not been determined.  On December 9, 2024, the court issued a judgment 
awarding the seller the Fixed Fee (including interest) of approximately $2.7 million and BXP paid this fee following 
the judgment.  For the Additional Fee and Final Fee, the seller submitted a request for the appointment of a Special 
Referee on January 7, 2025.  Separately, the Company filed a notice of appeal on January 15, 2025 to preserve the 
Company’s ability to appeal the grant of summary judgment on the question of whether the Company is liable for 
payment of the Additional Fee and Final Fee.  The Company has until July 15, 2025 (six months from the notice of 
appeal) to perfect the appeal.
  
159

The issue of an award of damages for the Additional Fee and the Final Fee remains outstanding with the court 
pending a determination by the Special Referee, which the court appointed on February 18, 2025.  The Company 
disputes the seller’s calculations and intends to continue defending itself vigorously.  However, there can be no 
assurance that the Company will prevail in the lawsuit.  If the court ultimately agrees with the seller’s calculations, 
then amounts due to the seller could theoretically be as high as the additional $31 million claimed in the seller’s 
complaint, plus interest.  Although the Company disputes those calculations, there can be no assurance that the 
Company’s ultimate liability will not be material.
On April 26, 2024, Brammer Bio MA, LLC (“Brammer”), a subsidiary of Thermo Fisher Scientific Inc. and an 
abutter to the Company’s 290 Binney Street development project located in Cambridge, Massachusetts, filed a 
complaint in Superior Court in Suffolk County, Massachusetts against the Company relating to certain ongoing 
construction activities.  
In the first quarter of 2023, the Company commenced development of 290 Binney Street, an approximately 
573,000 net rentable square foot laboratory/life sciences property that is 100% pre-leased to AstraZeneca 
Pharmaceuticals (“AstraZeneca”).  The Company has a 55% interest in the joint venture that owns 290 Binney 
Street.  Brammer subleases the premises at 250 Binney Street, the Company’s approximately 67,000 net rentable 
square foot life sciences property that is adjacent to 290 Binney Street.
Brammer alleged that, as a result of the Company’s construction of 290 Binney Street, it is threatened with 
irreparable harm due to intrusion onto the 250 Binney Street premises and the loss of its property rights.  Brammer 
also alleged that the 290 Binney Street development project has caused and is causing major disruption to its 
manufacturing operations, and that it has suffered and will continue to suffer damages in the form of losses to its 
clients and customers.  Brammer brought the action for quiet title, breach of contract, trespass and nuisance, and it 
is seeking declaratory and injunctive relief and specific performance purportedly to protect its property interests in 
the premises located at 250 Binney Street.
On May 16, 2024, Brammer’s motion for a preliminary injunction was denied by the trial court.  Brammer 
subsequently appealed that decision, electing pursuant to Massachusetts civil procedure rules to petition for 
appeals to both a single justice of the Massachusetts Appeals Court and to a full appellate panel.  On July 16, 2024, 
the single justice assigned to the appeal issued an order declining to rule on the substance of the appeal petition.  
Brammer still has the right to pursue the full panel hearing, although no date has been set for any such hearing.  
The Company believes it has meritorious defenses against Brammer’s claims and intends to defend against 
them vigorously.  However, there can be no assurance the Company will prevail in the litigation.  If the Company is 
enjoined from further construction activities, it could suffer delays in construction that could result in its failure to 
deliver a completed building on the schedule contemplated by the Company’s lease with AstraZeneca or at all, and 
this could result in owing financial penalties to AstraZeneca and other third parties.  Although the Company is 
unable to estimate a range of loss for all related matters for which losses are reasonably possible, if the court grants 
injunctive relief or awards monetary damages to Brammer, it could have a material adverse effect on the Company’s 
results of operations and financial condition.
The Company is a named defendant in an alleged collective and class action wage and hour lawsuit filed on 
behalf of certain individuals who provided off-duty, uniformed security services at the Company’s buildings in New 
York City pursuant to the New York Police Department’s Paid Detail Program.  In addition to the Company, the 
plaintiffs also named as defendants more than eighty (80) other companies.  The plaintiffs filed the lawsuit in the 
United States District Court for the Southern District of New York on January 24, 2025, and brought the claims 
under the Fair Labor Standards Act, the New York Labor Law and the Freelance Isn’t Free Act.  The plaintiffs 
subsequently amended the complaint on February 7, 2025 and requested leave to file a second amended complaint 
on February 12, 2025.  Each of the complaints alleges that the plaintiffs were not paid certain wages owed to them 
or were not paid in a timely manner and that the plaintiffs did not receive certain wage payment notices required by 
law.  The Company has not yet filed a responsive pleading and discovery has not yet commenced.  Although the 
Company believes it has meritorious defenses to the claims and intends to defend against them vigorously, there 
can be no assurance that the Company will prevail in the lawsuit.
Concentrations of Credit Risk 
Management of the Company performs ongoing credit evaluations of tenants and may require tenants to 
provide some form of credit support such as corporate guarantees, security deposits and/or other financial 
guarantees.  Although the Company’s properties are geographically diverse and tenants operate in a variety of 
  
160

industries, to the extent the Company has a significant concentration of rental revenue from any single tenant, the 
inability of that tenant to make its lease payments could have an adverse effect on the Company. 
Insurance
The Company’s property insurance program per occurrence limits are $1.0 billion for its portfolio insurance 
program, including coverage for acts of terrorism other than nuclear, biological, chemical or radiological terrorism 
(“Terrorism Coverage”).  The Company also carries $1.35 billion of property insurance in excess of the $1.0 billion of 
coverage in the Company’s property insurance program for 601 Lexington Avenue, New York, New York, consisting 
of $750 million of property and Terrorism Coverage in excess of the Company’s property insurance program and 
$600 million of Terrorism Coverage only in excess of the $1.75 billion of coverage.  Certain properties, including the 
General Motors Building located at 767 Fifth Avenue in New York, New York (“767 Fifth Avenue”), are currently 
insured in separate insurance programs.  The property insurance program per occurrence limits for 767 Fifth 
Avenue are $1.625 billion, including Terrorism Coverage.  The Company also currently carries nuclear, biological, 
chemical and radiological terrorism insurance coverage for acts of terrorism certified under the Federal Terrorism 
Risk Insurance Act (as amended, “TRIA”) (“NBCR Coverage”), which is provided by IXP, LLC (“IXP”) as a direct 
insurer, for the properties in the Company’s portfolio, including 767 Fifth Avenue, but excluding certain other 
properties owned in joint ventures with third parties or which the Company manages.  The per occurrence limit for 
NBCR Coverage is $1.0 billion.  Under TRIA, after the payment of the required deductible and coinsurance, the 
NBCR Coverage provided by IXP is backstopped by the Federal Government if the aggregate industry insured 
losses resulting from a certified act of terrorism exceed a “program trigger.”  The program trigger is $200 million, the 
coinsurance is 20% and the deductible is 20% of the premiums earned by the insurer for the year prior to a claim.  If 
the Federal Government pays out for a loss under TRIA, it is mandatory that the Federal Government recoup the full 
amount of the loss from insurers offering TRIA coverage after the payment of the loss pursuant to a formula in TRIA.  
The Company may elect to terminate the NBCR Coverage if the Federal Government seeks recoupment for losses 
paid under TRIA, if TRIA is not extended after its expiration on December 31, 2027, if there is a change in its 
portfolio or for any other reason.  The Company intends to continue to monitor the scope, nature and cost of 
available terrorism insurance.
The Company also currently carries earthquake insurance on its properties located in areas known to be 
subject to earthquakes.  Specifically, the Company currently carries earthquake insurance which covers its San 
Francisco and Los Angeles regions with a $330 million per occurrence limit, and a $330 million annual aggregate 
limit, $30 million of which is provided by IXP, as a direct insurer.  This insurance is subject to a deductible in the 
amount of 5% of the value of the affected property.  In addition, the Company currently carries earthquake insurance 
which covers its Seattle region with a $110 million per occurrence limit, and a $110 million annual aggregate limit.  
This insurance is subject to a deductible in the amount of 2% of the value of the affected property.  The amount of 
the Company’s earthquake insurance coverage may not be sufficient to cover losses from earthquakes.  In addition, 
the amount of earthquake coverage could impact the Company’s ability to finance properties subject to earthquake 
risk.  The Company may discontinue earthquake insurance or change the structure of its earthquake insurance 
program on some or all of its properties in the future if the premiums exceed the Company’s estimation of the value 
of the coverage.
IXP, a captive insurance company which is a wholly-owned subsidiary of the Company, acts as a direct insurer 
with respect to a portion of the Company’s earthquake insurance coverage for its Greater San Francisco and Los 
Angeles properties and the Company’s NBCR Coverage.  Insofar as the Company owns IXP, it is responsible for its 
liquidity and capital resources, and the accounts of IXP are part of the Company’s consolidated financial statements.  
In particular, if a loss occurs which is covered by the Company’s NBCR Coverage but is less than the applicable 
program trigger under TRIA, IXP would be responsible for the full amount of the loss without any backstop by the 
Federal Government.  IXP would also be responsible for any recoupment charges by the Federal Government in the 
event losses are paid out and its insurance policy is maintained after the payout by the Federal Government.  If the 
Company experiences a loss and IXP is required to pay under its insurance policy, the Company would ultimately 
record the loss to the extent of the required payment.  Therefore, insurance coverage provided by IXP should not be 
considered as the equivalent of third-party insurance, but rather as a modified form of self-insurance.  In addition, 
BPLP has issued a guarantee to cover liabilities of IXP in the amount of $20.0 million.
The Company continues to monitor the state of the insurance market in general, and the scope and costs of 
coverage for acts of terrorism, earthquakes, pandemics and cybersecurity incidents, in particular, but the Company 
cannot anticipate what coverage will be available on commercially reasonable terms in future policy years.  There 
are other types of losses, such as from wars, for which the Company cannot obtain insurance at all or at a 
reasonable cost.  With respect to such losses and losses from acts of terrorism, earthquakes, pandemics or other 
  
161

catastrophic events, if the Company experiences a loss that is uninsured or that exceeds policy limits, the Company 
could lose the capital invested in the damaged properties, as well as the anticipated future revenues from those 
properties.  Depending on the specific circumstances of each affected property, it is possible that the Company 
could be liable for mortgage indebtedness or other obligations related to the property.  Any such loss could 
materially and adversely affect the Company’s business, financial condition and results of operations.
State and Local Tax Matters 
Because BXP is organized and qualifies as a REIT, it is generally not subject to federal income taxes, but is 
subject to certain state and local taxes.  In the normal course of business, certain entities through which the 
Company owns real estate either have undergone, or are currently undergoing, tax audits.  Although the Company 
believes that it has substantial arguments in favor of its positions in the ongoing audits, in some instances there is 
no controlling precedent or interpretive guidance on the specific point at issue.  Collectively, tax deficiency notices 
received to date from the jurisdictions conducting the ongoing audits have not been material.  However, there can 
be no assurance that future audits will not occur with increased frequency or that the ultimate result of such audits 
will not have a material adverse effect on the Company’s results of operations. 
Environmental Matters 
It is the Company’s policy to retain independent environmental consultants to conduct or update Phase I 
environmental assessments (which generally do not involve invasive techniques such as soil or ground water 
sampling) and asbestos surveys in connection with the Company’s acquisition of properties.  These pre-purchase 
environmental assessments have not revealed environmental conditions that the Company believes will have a 
material adverse effect on its business, assets, financial condition, results of operations or liquidity, and the 
Company is not otherwise aware of environmental conditions with respect to its properties that the Company 
believes would have such a material adverse effect.  However, from time to time environmental conditions at the 
Company’s properties have required and may in the future require environmental testing and/or regulatory filings, as 
well as remedial action.
In February 1999, the Company (through a joint venture) acquired from Exxon Corporation a property in 
Massachusetts that was formerly used as a petroleum bulk storage and distribution facility and was known by the 
state regulatory authority to contain soil and groundwater contamination.  The Company developed an office park on 
the property.  The Company engaged a specially licensed environmental consultant to oversee the management of 
contaminated soil and groundwater that was disturbed in the course of construction.  Under the property acquisition 
agreement, Exxon agreed to (1) bear the liability arising from releases or discharges of oil and hazardous 
substances which occurred at the site prior to the Company’s ownership, (2) continue monitoring and/or remediating 
such releases and discharges as necessary and appropriate to comply with applicable requirements, and 
(3) indemnify the Company for certain losses arising from preexisting site conditions.  Any indemnity claim may be 
subject to various defenses and contractual limitations, including time limits, and there can be no assurance that the 
amounts paid under the indemnity, if any, would be sufficient to cover the liabilities arising from any such releases 
and discharges.
Environmental investigations at some of the Company’s properties and certain properties owned by affiliates 
of the Company have identified groundwater contamination migrating from off-site source properties.  In each case 
the Company engaged a licensed environmental consultant to perform the necessary investigations and 
assessments and to prepare any required submittals to the regulatory authorities.  In each case the environmental 
consultant concluded that the properties qualify under the regulatory program or the regulatory practice for a status 
which eliminates certain deadlines for conducting response actions at a site.  The Company also believes that these 
properties qualify for liability relief under certain statutory provisions or regulatory practices regarding upgradient 
releases.  Although the Company believes that the current or former owners of the upgradient source properties 
may bear responsibility for some or all of the costs of addressing the identified groundwater contamination, the 
Company will take such further response actions (if any) that it deems necessary or advisable.  Other than periodic 
testing at some of these properties, no such additional response actions are anticipated at this time. 
Some of the Company’s properties and certain properties owned by the Company’s affiliates are located in 
urban, industrial and other previously developed areas where fill or current or historical uses of the areas have 
caused site contamination.  Accordingly, it is sometimes necessary to institute special soil and/or groundwater 
handling procedures and/or include particular building design features in connection with development, construction 
and other property operations in order to achieve regulatory closure and/or ensure that contaminated materials are 
addressed in an appropriate manner.  In these situations, it is the Company’s practice to investigate the nature and 
  
162

extent of detected contamination, including potential issues associated with vapor intrusion concerns and/or 
potential contaminant migration to or from the subject property in ground water, assess potential liability risks and 
estimate the costs of required response actions and special handling procedures.  The Company then uses this 
information as part of its decision-making process with respect to the acquisition, deal structure and/or development 
of the property.  For example, the Company owns a parcel in Massachusetts which was formerly used as a quarry/
asphalt batching facility.  Pre-purchase testing indicated that the site contained relatively low levels of certain 
contaminants.  The Company has developed an office park on this property.  Prior to and during redevelopment 
activities, the Company engaged a specially licensed environmental consultant to monitor environmental conditions 
at the site and prepare necessary regulatory submittals based on the results of an environmental risk 
characterization.  A submittal has been made to the regulatory authorities in order to achieve regulatory closure at 
this site.  The submittal included an environmental deed restriction that mandates compliance with certain protective 
measures in a portion of the site where low levels of residual soil contamination have been left in place in 
accordance with applicable laws.
The Company expects that resolution of the environmental matters relating to the above will not have a 
material impact on its business, assets, financial condition, results of operations or liquidity.  However, the Company 
cannot assure you that it has identified all environmental liabilities at its properties, that all necessary remediation 
actions have been or will be undertaken at the Company’s properties or that the Company will be indemnified, in full 
or at all or that the Company will have insurance coverage, in the event that such environmental liabilities arise.
10. Noncontrolling Interests 
Noncontrolling interests relate to the interests in BPLP not owned by BXP and interests in consolidated 
property partnerships not wholly-owned by the Company.  As of December 31, 2024, the noncontrolling interests in 
BPLP consisted of the following:
OP Units
LTIP Units (1)
2022 MYLTIP Units
2023 MYLTIP Units
2024 MYLTIP Units
15,730,882
2,335,229
252,151
322,053
330,479
__________
(1) Includes 617,961 LTIP Units earned by employees under the Company’s multi-year long-term incentive awards granted 
between 2012 and 2021 (i.e., 2012 OPP and 2013 - 2021 MYLTIP awards).
Noncontrolling Interest—Common Units
During the years ended December 31, 2024 and 2023, 1,147,013 and 102,699 OP Units, respectively, were 
presented by the holders for redemption (including an aggregate of 122,241 and 94,863 OP Units, respectively, 
issued upon conversion of LTIP Units, 2012 OPP Units and MYLTIP Units) and were redeemed by BXP in exchange 
for an equal number of shares of Common Stock.
At December 31, 2024, BPLP had outstanding the 2022 - 2024 MYLTIP Units.  Prior to the end of the 
respective three-year performance period for each plan, holders of MYLTIP Units are entitled to receive per unit 
distributions equal to one-tenth (10%) of the regular quarterly distributions payable on an OP Unit, but will not be 
entitled to receive any special distributions.  After the three-year performance period for each plan has ended, (1) 
the number of MYLTIP Units, both vested and unvested, that MYLTIP award recipients have earned, if any, based 
on the establishment of a performance pool, will be entitled to receive distributions in an amount per unit equal to 
distributions, both regular and special, payable on an OP Unit and (2) with respect to the 2022 - 2024 MYLTIP Units, 
the Company will make a “catch-up” cash payment on the MYLTIP Units that are ultimately earned in an amount 
equal to the regular and special dividends, if any, declared during the performance period on a number of shares of 
Common Stock equal to the number of 2022 - 2024 MYLTIP Units that are earned, less the distributions actually 
paid during the performance period on all of the awarded 2022 - 2024 MYLTIP Units. 
On February 4, 2022, the three-year measurement period for the Company’s 2019 MYLTIP awards ended 
and, based on BXP’s relative TSR performance, the final payout was determined to be 69.0% of target, or an 
aggregate of approximately $8.6 million (after giving effect to employee separations).  As a result, an aggregate of 
144,043 2019 MYLTIP Units that had been previously granted were automatically forfeited. 
On February 3, 2023, the three-year measurement period for the Company’s 2020 MYLTIP awards ended 
and, based on BXP’s relative TSR performance, the final payout was determined to be 50% of target, or an 
aggregate of approximately $3.8 million (after giving effect to employee separations).  As a result, an aggregate of 
152,460 2020 MYLTIP Units that had been previously granted were automatically forfeited.
  
163

On February 1, 2024, the three-year measurement period for the Company’s 2021 MYLTIP awards ended 
and, based on BXP’s absolute and relative TSR performance, the final payout was determined to be 112% of target, 
or an aggregate of approximately $12.6 million (after giving effect to employee separations).  As a result, an 
aggregate of 155,625 2021 MYLTIP Units that had been previously granted were automatically forfeited.
The following table presents BPLP’s distributions on the OP Units and LTIP Units and MYLTIP Units paid or 
declared during the years ended December 31, 2024, 2023 and 2022:
Record Date
Payment Date
Distributions per OP 
Unit and LTIP Unit
Distributions per 
MYLTIP Unit
December 31, 2024
January 30, 2025
 
$0.98 
 
$0.098 
September 30, 2024
October 31, 2024
 
$0.98 
 
$0.098 
June 28, 2024
July 31, 2024
 
$0.98 
 
$0.098 
March 28, 2024
April 30, 2024
 
$0.98 
 
$0.098 
December 29, 2023
January 30, 2024
 
$0.98 
 
$0.098 
September 29, 2023
October 31, 2023
 
$0.98 
 
$0.098 
June 30, 2023
July 31, 2023
 
$0.98 
 
$0.098 
March 31, 2023
April 28, 2023
 
$0.98 
 
$0.098 
December 30, 2022
January 30, 2023
 
$0.98 
 
$0.098 
September 30, 2022
October 31, 2022
 
$0.98 
 
$0.098 
June 30, 2022
July 29, 2022
 
$0.98 
 
$0.098 
March 31, 2022
April 29, 2022
 
$0.98 
 
$0.098 
December 31, 2021
January 28, 2022
 
$0.98 
 
$0.098 
A holder of an OP Unit may present the OP Unit to BPLP for redemption at any time (subject to restrictions 
agreed upon at the time of issuance of OP Units to particular holders that may restrict such redemption right for a 
period of time, generally one year from issuance).  Upon presentation of an OP Unit for redemption, BPLP must 
redeem the OP Unit for cash equal to the then value of a share of Common Stock of BXP.  BXP may, in its sole 
discretion, elect to assume and satisfy the redemption obligation by paying either cash or issuing one share of 
Common Stock.  The value of the OP Units (other than OP Units owned by BXP), and LTIP Units (including the 
2012 OPP Units and 2013 - 2021 MYLTIP Units), assuming in each case that all conditions had been met for the 
conversion thereof, had all of such units been redeemed at December 31, 2024 was approximately $1.4 billion 
based on the last reported price of a share of Common Stock on the New York Stock Exchange of $74.36 per share 
on December 31, 2024. 
Noncontrolling Interests—Property Partnerships
The noncontrolling interests in property partnerships consist of the outside equity interests in ventures that are 
consolidated with the financial results of the Company because the Company exercises control over the entities that 
own the properties.  The equity interests in these ventures that are not owned by the Company, totaling 
approximately $1.9 billion and $1.6 billion at December 31, 2024 and December 31, 2023, respectively, are included 
in Noncontrolling Interests—Property Partnerships on the accompanying Consolidated Balance Sheets.
On March 21, 2024, the Company completed the sale of a 45% interest in 290 Binney Street in Cambridge, 
Massachusetts.  The Company retains a 55% ownership interest in the joint venture.  The institutional investor 
funded approximately $97.2 million in cash at closing, which is less than 45% of the agreed upon carrying value of 
the property immediately prior to the transaction.  The institutional investor will fund all construction costs until its 
equity balance is proportionate to its ownership percentage, after which the Company and the institutional investor 
will fund the development project based on their respective ownership interests.  The transaction did not qualify as a 
sale of real estate for financial reporting purposes as the Company continues to effectively control the property and 
thus will continue to account for the property on a consolidated basis in its financial statements and no gain was 
recognized in the Consolidated Statements of Operations.  The Company provides customary development, 
property management and leasing services to the joint venture. 
The Company has accounted for the transaction as an equity transaction and as of March 21, 2024 has 
recognized noncontrolling interest in its Consolidated Balance Sheets totaling approximately $104.6 million, which is 
  
164

equal to 45% of the aggregate carrying value of the total equity of the property immediately prior to the transaction.  
The difference between the cash proceeds received and the noncontrolling interest recognized, which was 
approximately $7.5 million, has been reflected as a decrease in additional paid-in capital in the Company’s 
Consolidated Balance Sheets.  At the end of each reporting period, there will be a reallocation of the partners’ equity 
balances such that the ending balance in each partners’ capital account reflects each partners’ claim on net assets. 
These adjustments will impact additional paid-in capital and noncontrolling interest in property partnerships in the 
Company’s Consolidated Balance Sheets.  As of December 31, 2024, the institutional investor has funded 
construction costs so that its equity balance is proportionate to its ownership percentage and the Company no 
longer needs to make adjustments impacting additional paid-in capital and noncontrolling interest in property 
partnerships in the Company’s Consolidated Balance Sheets.
 290 Binney Street is an approximately 573,000 net rentable square foot laboratory/life sciences development 
project located in Cambridge, Massachusetts.  The  development project is 100% pre-leased to a life sciences 
company.   
11. Stockholders’ Equity / Partners’ Capital 
As of December 31, 2024, BXP had 158,174,995 shares of Common Stock outstanding.
As of December 31, 2024, BXP owned 1,762,411 general partnership units and 156,412,584 limited 
partnership units in BPLP.
On May 17, 2023, BXP renewed its “at the market” (“ATM”) stock offering program through which it may sell 
from time to time up to an aggregate of $600.0 million of its Common Stock through sales agents over a three-year 
period.  Under the ATM stock offering program, BXP may also engage in forward sale transactions with affiliates of 
certain sales agents for the sale of its Common Stock on a forward basis.  This program replaced BXP’s prior 
$600.0 million ATM stock offering program that was scheduled to expire on May 22, 2023.  BXP intends to use the 
net proceeds from any offering for general business purposes, which may include investment opportunities and debt 
reduction.  No shares of Common Stock have been issued under this ATM stock offering program. 
During the years ended December 31, 2024 and December 31, 2023, BXP did not issue any shares of 
Common Stock upon the exercise of options to purchase Common Stock.  As a result of the applicable exercise 
period ending, 103,641 options were forfeited during the year ended December 31, 2023.  As of December 31, 
2024, BXP does not have any outstanding options.  
During the years ended December 31, 2024 and December 31, 2023, BXP issued 1,147,013 and 102,699 
shares of Common Stock, respectively, in connection with the redemption of an equal number of redeemable OP 
Units from limited partners.
The following table presents BXP’s dividends per share and BPLP’s distributions per OP Unit and LTIP Unit 
paid or declared during the years ended December 31, 2024, 2023 and 2022:
Record Date
Payment Date
Dividend (Per Share)
Distribution (Per Unit)
December 31, 2024
January 30, 2025
 
$0.98 
 
$0.98 
September 30, 2024
October 31, 2024
 
$0.98 
 
$0.98 
June 28, 2024
July 31, 2024
 
$0.98 
 
$0.98 
March 28, 2024
April 30, 2024
 
$0.98 
 
$0.98 
December 29, 2023
January 30, 2024
 
$0.98 
 
$0.98 
September 29, 2023
October 31, 2023
 
$0.98 
 
$0.98 
June 30, 2023
July 31, 2023
 
$0.98 
 
$0.98 
March 31, 2023
April 28, 2023
 
$0.98 
 
$0.98 
December 30, 2022
January 30, 2023
 
$0.98 
 
$0.98 
September 30, 2022
October 31, 2022
 
$0.98 
 
$0.98 
June 30, 2022
July 29, 2022
 
$0.98 
 
$0.98 
March 31, 2022
April 29, 2022
 
$0.98 
 
$0.98 
December 31, 2021
January 28, 2022
 
$0.98 
 
$0.98 
  
165

12. Segment Information 
Operating segments are defined as components of an enterprise that engage in business activities from which 
they may earn revenues and incur expenses and about which discrete financial information is available that is 
evaluated regularly by the Chief Operating Decision Makers (“CODM”).  The CODM decides how resources should 
be allocated and assesses performance on a recurring basis, at least quarterly.  The Company’s CODMs are its 
Chief Executive Officer and President.  The CODMs review operating performance and financial reports by 
geographic area and property type.  In addition, given the size of the Company’s joint venture portfolio, the CODMs 
utilize the Company’s share of net operating income (“NOI”), which includes the Company’s share of NOI from 
consolidated and unconsolidated joint ventures, as its profit or loss measure in assessing each segment’s 
performance and deciding how to allocate resources.  
The Company’s share of NOI is used by the CODMs to evaluate the profitability and performance of each 
geographic area on a consistent and comparable basis, supporting decisions on capital resource allocation, 
including in connection with development, redevelopment, acquisition and disposition activities in each segment.  
Additionally, the Company believes its share of NOI is useful as a profit or loss measure and believes it provides 
useful information regarding its results of operations and financial condition because, when compared across 
periods, it reflects the impact on operations from trends in occupancy rates, rental rates, operating costs and 
acquisition and development activity on an unleveraged basis, providing perspective not immediately apparent from 
net income attributable to BXP, Inc. and net income attributable to Boston Properties Limited Partnership.
Asset information by segment is not reported because the Company and the CODMs are not provided with the 
segment asset information and therefore do not use this measure to assess performance or allocate resources.    
Asset values for the Company’s properties are reported in the Consolidated Balance Sheets at historical cost, which 
may not reflect current market values.  Therefore, depreciation and amortization expense is not allocated among 
segments. The following are not included in the Company’s share of NOI as they are not necessarily linked to the 
operating performance of a real estate asset and is often incurred at the corporate level as opposed to the property 
level: development and management services revenue, direct reimbursements of payroll and related costs from 
management services contracts, gains on sales of real estate, gain on sales-type lease, interest and other income 
(loss), other income - assignment fee, gains (losses) from investments in securities, unrealized gain (loss) on non-
real estate investments, corporate general and administrative expense, payroll and related costs from management 
services contracts, transaction costs, depreciation and amortization expense, losses from interest rate contracts, 
impairment loss and interest expense. The Company’s share of NOI presented may not be comparable to what is 
reported by other REITs or real estate companies that define NOI differently.  
The Company’s segments by geographic area are Boston, Los Angeles, New York, San Francisco, Seattle 
and Washington, DC.  The Company also presents information for each segment by property type, including Office 
(which includes office, life sciences and retail), Residential and Hotel.  The Company shows the different property 
types as the revenue from each type is derived from non-comparable lease structures.   
  
166

The following tables present reconciliations of Company’s share of NOI to Net Income Attributable to BXP, Inc. 
and Net Income Attributable to Boston Properties Limited Partnership for the years ended December 31, 2024, 2023 
and 2022.
BXP
 
Year ended December 31,
2024
2023
2022
(in thousands)
Company’s share of NOI
$ 1,984,056 
$ 1,965,106 
$ 1,883,796 
Add:
Development and management services revenue
 
28,060 
 
40,850 
 
28,056 
Direct reimbursements of payroll and related costs from 
management services contracts
 
16,488 
 
17,771 
 
15,450 
Gains on sales of real estate
 
602 
 
517 
 
437,019 
Gain on sales-type lease
 
— 
 
— 
 
10,058 
Interest and other income (loss)
 
60,199 
 
69,964 
 
11,940 
Other income - assignment fee
 
— 
 
— 
 
6,624 
Gains (losses) from investments in securities
 
4,416 
 
5,556 
 
(6,453) 
Unrealized gain (loss) on non-real estate investments
 
546 
 
239 
 
(150) 
Net operating income attributable to noncontrolling interests in 
property partnerships
 
186,707 
 
194,365 
 
191,812 
Less:
General and administrative expense
 
159,983 
 
170,158 
 
146,378 
Payroll and related costs from management services contracts
 
16,488 
 
17,771 
 
15,450 
Transaction costs
 
1,597 
 
4,313 
 
2,905 
Depreciation and amortization expense
 
887,191 
 
830,813 
 
749,775 
Loss from unconsolidated joint ventures
 
343,177 
 
239,543 
 
59,840 
Net operating income from unconsolidated joint ventures
 
129,718 
 
160,695 
 
146,081 
Losses from interest rate contracts 
 
— 
 
79 
 
— 
Impairment loss
 
13,615 
 
— 
 
— 
Interest expense
 
645,117 
 
579,572 
 
437,139 
Net Income
 
84,188 
 
291,424 
 1,020,584 
Less:
Noncontrolling interests in property partnerships
 
67,516 
 
78,661 
 
74,857 
Noncontrolling interest—common units of the Operating 
Partnership
 
2,400 
 
22,548 
 
96,780 
Net income attributable to BXP, Inc.
$ 
14,272 
$ 
190,215 
$ 
848,947 
  
167

BPLP
 
Year ended December 31,
 
2024
2023
2022
(in thousands)
Company’s share of NOI
$ 1,984,056 
$ 1,965,106 
$ 1,883,796 
Add:
Development and management services revenue
 
28,060 
 
40,850 
 
28,056 
Direct reimbursements of payroll and related costs from 
management services contracts
 
16,488 
 
17,771 
 
15,450 
Gains on sales of real estate
 
602 
 
517 
 
441,075 
Gain on sales-type lease
 
— 
 
— 
 
10,058 
Interest and other income (loss)
 
60,199 
 
69,964 
 
11,940 
Other income - assignment fee
 
— 
 
— 
 
6,624 
Gains (losses) from investments in securities
 
4,416 
 
5,556 
 
(6,453) 
Unrealized gain (loss) on non-real estate investments
 
546 
 
239 
 
(150) 
Net operating income attributable to noncontrolling interests in 
property partnerships
 
186,707 
 
194,365 
 
191,812 
Less:
General and administrative expense
 
159,983 
 
170,158 
 
146,378 
Payroll and related costs from management services contracts
 
16,488 
 
17,771 
 
15,450 
Transaction costs
 
1,597 
 
4,313 
 
2,905 
Depreciation and amortization expense
 
880,383 
 
823,805 
 
742,293 
Loss from unconsolidated joint ventures
 
343,177 
 
239,543 
 
59,840 
Net operating income from unconsolidated joint ventures
 
129,718 
 
160,695 
 
146,081 
Losses from interest rate contracts
 
— 
 
79 
 
— 
Impairment loss
 
13,615 
 
— 
 
— 
Interest expense
 
645,117 
 
579,572 
 
437,139 
Net Income
 
90,996 
 
298,432 
 
1,032,122 
Less:
Noncontrolling interests in property partnerships
 
67,516 
 
78,661 
 
74,857 
Net income attributable to Boston Properties Limited Partnership
$ 
23,480 
$ 
219,771 
$ 
957,265 
The following table presents a reconciliation of Revenue from the Consolidated Financial Statements to Rental 
Revenue for the years ended December 31, 2024, 2023 and 2022.
 
Year ended December 31,
2024
2023
2022
(in thousands)
Revenue
$ 3,407,719 
$ 3,273,569 
$ 3,108,581 
Less:
Development and management services
 
28,060 
 
40,850 
 
28,056 
Direct reimbursements of payroll and related costs from 
management services contracts
 
16,488 
 
17,771 
 
15,450 
Total rental revenue
$ 3,363,171 
$ 3,214,948 
$ 3,065,075 
  
168

The following tables presents the Company’s share of NOI for each geographic segment by property type, 
including Office (which includes office, life sciences and retail), Residential and Hotel for the years ended December 
31, 2024, 2023 and 2022 (dollars in thousands).
For the year ended December 31, 2024:
Boston
Los 
Angeles
New York
San 
Francisco
Seattle
Washington, 
DC
Total
Rental Revenue: 
Office
$ 1,159,460 
$ 75,353 
$ 1,042,460 
$ 522,463 
$ 44,080 
$ 418,623 
$ 3,262,439 
Residential
 
17,198 
 
— 
 
— 
 
13,668 
 
— 
 
18,642 
 
49,508 
Hotel
 
51,224 
 
— 
 
— 
 
— 
 
— 
 
— 
 
51,224 
Total
 1,227,882 
 75,353 
 1,042,460 
 536,131 
 44,080 
 
437,265 
 3,363,171 
% of Grand Totals
 36.51 %
 2.24 %
 31.00 %
 15.94 %
 1.31 %
 13.00 %
 100.00 %
Rental Expenses:
Office
 427,446 
 27,537 
 437,600 
 199,324 
 13,170 
 
158,289 
 1,263,366 
Residential
 
6,495 
 
— 
 
— 
 
8,940 
 
— 
 
8,037 
 
23,472 
Hotel
 
35,288 
 
— 
 
— 
 
— 
 
— 
 
— 
 
35,288 
Total
 469,229 
 27,537 
 437,600 
 208,264 
 13,170 
 
166,326 
 1,322,126 
% of Grand Totals
 35.49 %
 2.08 %
 33.10 %
 15.75 %
 1.00 %
 12.58 %
 100.00 %
Net operating income
$ 758,653 
$ 47,816 
$ 604,860 
$ 327,867 
$ 30,910 
$ 270,939 
$ 2,041,045 
% of Grand Totals
 37.18 %
 2.35 %
 29.63 %
 16.06 %
 1.51 %
 13.27 %
 100.00 %
Less: Net operating income 
attributable to 
noncontrolling 
interests in property 
partnerships
 (46,487) 
 
— 
 (140,220) 
 
— 
 
— 
 
— 
 (186,707) 
Add: Company’s share of 
net operating income 
from unconsolidated 
joint ventures
 
35,298 
 27,367 
 
15,612 
 
18,312 
 
7,788 
 
25,341 
 129,718 
Company’s share of net 
operating income
$ 747,464 
$ 75,183 
$ 480,252 
$ 346,179 
$ 38,698 
$ 296,280 
$ 1,984,056 
% of Grand Totals
 37.67 %
 3.79 %
 24.21 %
 17.45 %
 1.95 %
 14.93 %
 100.00 %
  
169

For the year ended December 31, 2023:
Boston
Los 
Angeles
New York
San 
Francisco
Seattle
Washington, 
DC
Total
Rental Revenue:
Office
$ 1,093,840 
$ 3,890 
$ 1,053,615 
$ 539,904 
$ 63,830 
$ 364,920 
$ 3,119,999 
Residential
 
16,452 
 
— 
 
— 
 
14,102 
 
— 
 
17,038 
 
47,592 
Hotel
 
47,357 
 
— 
 
— 
 
— 
 
— 
 
— 
 
47,357 
Total
 1,157,649 
 
3,890 
 1,053,615 
 554,006 
 63,830 
 
381,958 
 3,214,948 
% of Grand Totals
 36.01 %
 0.12 %
 32.77 %
 17.23 %
 1.99 %
 11.88 %
 100.00 %
Rental Expenses:
Office
 393,339 
 
1,431 
 415,831 
 194,205 
 12,387 
 
143,504 
 1,160,697 
Residential
 
6,378 
 
— 
 
— 
 
9,255 
 
— 
 
7,617 
 
23,250 
Hotel
 
32,225 
 
— 
 
— 
 
— 
 
— 
 
— 
 
32,225 
Total
 431,942 
 
1,431 
 415,831 
 203,460 
 12,387 
 
151,121 
 1,216,172 
% of Grand Totals
 35.51 %
 0.12 %
 34.19 %
 16.73 %
 1.02 %
 12.43 %
 100.00 %
Net operating income
$ 725,707 
$ 2,459 
$ 637,784 
$ 350,546 
$ 51,443 
$ 230,837 
$ 1,998,776 
% of Grand Totals
 36.31 %
 0.12 %
 31.91 %
 17.54 %
 2.57 %
 11.55 %
 100.00 %
Less: Net operating income 
attributable to 
noncontrolling 
interests in property 
partnerships
 (45,730) 
 
— 
 (148,635) 
 
— 
 
— 
 
— 
 (194,365) 
Add: Company’s share of 
net operating income 
from unconsolidated 
joint ventures
 
34,376 
 48,818 
 
14,314 
 
16,203 
 
7,494 
 
39,490 
 160,695 
Company’s share of net 
operating income
$ 714,353 
$ 51,277 
$ 503,463 
$ 366,749 
$ 58,937 
$ 270,327 
$ 1,965,106 
% of Grand Totals
 36.35 %
 2.61 %
 25.62 %
 18.66 %
 3.00 %
 13.76 %
 100.00 %
 
  
170

For the year ended December 31, 2022:
Boston
Los 
Angeles
New York
San 
Francisco
Seattle
Washington, 
DC
Total
Rental Revenue:
Office
$ 1,005,156 
$ 
— 
$ 1,031,479 
$ 534,397 
$ 31,978 
$ 365,402 
$ 2,968,412 
Residential
 
15,086 
 
— 
 
— 
 
14,769 
 
— 
 
27,326 
 
57,181 
Hotel
 
39,482 
 
— 
 
— 
 
— 
 
— 
 
— 
 
39,482 
Total
 1,059,724 
 
— 
 1,031,479 
 549,166 
 31,978 
 
392,728 
 3,065,075 
% of Grand Totals
 34.58 %
 — %
 33.65 %
 17.92 %
 1.04 %
 12.81 %
 100.00 %
Rental Expenses:
Office
 360,218 
 
— 
 391,293 
 183,353 
 
8,386 
 
135,237 
 1,078,487 
Residential
 
5,961 
 
— 
 
— 
 
11,371 
 
— 
 
12,251 
 
29,583 
Hotel
 
27,478 
 
— 
 
— 
 
— 
 
— 
 
— 
 
27,478 
Total
 393,657 
 
— 
 391,293 
 194,724 
 
8,386 
 
147,488 
 1,135,548 
% of Grand Totals
 34.66 %
 — %
 34.46 %
 17.15 %
 0.74 %
 12.99 %
 100.00 %
Net operating income
$ 666,067 
$ 
— 
$ 640,186 
$ 354,442 
$ 23,592 
$ 245,240 
$ 1,929,527 
% of Grand Totals
 34.52 %
 — %
 33.18 %
 18.37 %
 1.22 %
 12.71 %
 100.00 %
Less: Net operating income 
attributable to 
noncontrolling 
interests in property 
partnerships
 (45,822) 
 
— 
 (145,990) 
 
— 
 
— 
 
— 
 (191,812) 
Add: Company’s share of 
net operating income 
from unconsolidated 
joint ventures
 
34,233 
 53,023 
 
1,594 
 
12,785 
 
7,690 
 
36,756 
 
146,081 
Company’s share of net 
operating income
$ 654,478 
$ 53,023 
$ 495,790 
$ 367,227 
$ 31,282 
$ 281,996 
$ 1,883,796 
% of Grand Totals
 34.75 %
 2.81 %
 26.32 %
 19.49 %
 1.66 %
 14.97 %
 100.00 %
13. Earnings Per Share / Common Unit 
BXP
The following table provides a reconciliation of both the net income attributable to BXP, Inc. and the number of 
common shares used in the computation of basic earnings per share (“EPS”), which is calculated by dividing net 
income attributable to BXP, Inc. by the weighted-average number of common shares outstanding during the period.  
Unvested share-based payment awards that contain non-forfeitable rights to dividends or dividend equivalents 
(whether paid or unpaid) are also participating securities.  As such, unvested restricted common stock of BXP and 
BPLP’s LTIP Units, 2012 OPP Units and MYLTIP Units are considered participating securities.  Participating 
securities are included in the computation of basic EPS of BXP using the two-class method.  Participating securities 
are included in the computation of diluted EPS of BXP using the if-converted method if the impact is dilutive.  
Because the 2012 OPP Units and 2013 - 2021 MYLTIP Units required, and the 2022 - 2024 MYLTIP Units require, 
BXP to outperform certain performance thresholds, unless such thresholds have been met by the end of the 
applicable reporting period, BXP excludes such units from the diluted EPS calculation.  Other potentially dilutive 
common shares, including stock options, restricted stock and other securities of BPLP that are exchangeable for 
BXP’s Common Stock, and the related impact on earnings, are considered when calculating diluted EPS.
  
171

 
Year ended December 31, 2024
 
Income
(Numerator)
Shares
(Denominator)
Per Share
Amount
 
(in thousands, except for per share amounts)
Basic Earnings:
Net income attributable to BXP, Inc. 
$ 
14,272 
 
157,468 
$ 
0.09 
Effect of Dilutive Securities:
Stock Based Compensation
 
— 
 
325 
 
— 
Diluted Earnings:
Net income attributable to BXP, Inc. 
$ 
14,272 
 
157,793 
$ 
0.09 
 
Year ended December 31, 2023
 
Income
(Numerator)
Shares
(Denominator)
Per Share
Amount
 
(in thousands, except for per share amounts)
Basic Earnings:
Net income attributable to BXP, Inc. 
$ 
190,215 
 
156,863 
$ 
1.21 
Effect of Dilutive Securities:
Stock Based Compensation
 
— 
 
338 
 
— 
Diluted Earnings:
Net income attributable to BXP, Inc. 
$ 
190,215 
 
157,201 
$ 
1.21 
 
Year ended December 31, 2022
 
Income
(Numerator)
Shares
(Denominator)
Per Share
Amount
 
(in thousands, except for per share amounts)
Basic Earnings:
Net income attributable to BXP, Inc. 
$ 
848,947 
 
156,726 
$ 
5.42 
Allocation of undistributed earnings to participating 
securities
 
(891) 
 
— 
 
(0.01) 
Net income attributable to BXP, Inc. 
 
848,056 
 
156,726 
 
5.41 
Effect of Dilutive Securities:
Stock Based Compensation
 
— 
 
411 
 
(0.01) 
Diluted Earnings:
Net income attributable to BXP, Inc. 
$ 
848,056 
 
157,137 
$ 
5.40 
BPLP
The following table provides a reconciliation of both the net income attributable to Boston Properties Limited 
Partnership and the number of common units used in the computation of basic earnings per common unit, which is 
calculated by dividing net income attributable to Boston Properties Limited Partnership by the weighted-average 
number of common units outstanding during the period.  Unvested share-based payment awards that contain non-
forfeitable rights to dividends or dividend equivalents (whether paid or unpaid) are also participating securities.  As 
such, unvested restricted common stock of BXP and BPLP’s LTIP Units, 2012 OPP Units and MYLTIP Units are 
considered participating securities.  Participating securities are included in the computation of basic earnings per 
common unit using the two-class method.  Participating securities are included in the computation of diluted 
earnings per common unit using the if-converted method if the impact is dilutive.  Because the 2012 OPP Units and 
2013 - 2021 MYLTIP Units required, and the 2022 - 2024 MYLTIP Units require, BXP to outperform certain 
performance thresholds, unless such thresholds have been met by the end of the applicable reporting period, BPLP 
excludes such units from the diluted earnings per common unit calculation.  Other potentially dilutive common units 
and the related impact on earnings are considered when calculating diluted earnings per common unit.  Included in 
  
172

the number of units (the denominator) below are approximately 17,922,000, 17,933,000 and 17,634,000 
redeemable common units for the years ended December 31, 2024, 2023 and 2022, respectively.
Year ended December 31, 2024
Income
(Numerator)
Units
(Denominator)
Per Unit
Amount
(in thousands, except for per unit amounts)
Basic Earnings:
Net income attributable to Boston Properties Limited 
Partnership 
$ 
23,480 
 
175,390 
$ 
0.13 
Effect of Dilutive Securities:
Stock Based Compensation
 
— 
 
325 
 
— 
Diluted Earnings:
Net income attributable to Boston Properties Limited 
Partnership 
$ 
23,480 
 
175,715 
$ 
0.13 
 
Year ended December 31, 2023
 
Income
(Numerator)
Units
(Denominator)
Per Unit
Amount
 
(in thousands, except for per unit amounts)
Basic Earnings:
Net income attributable to Boston Properties Limited 
Partnership 
$ 
219,771 
 
174,796 
$ 
1.26 
Effect of Dilutive Securities:
Stock Based Compensation
 
— 
 
338 
 
(0.01) 
Diluted Earnings:
Net income attributable to Boston Properties Limited 
Partnership 
$ 
219,771 
 
175,134 
$ 
1.25 
 
Year ended December 31, 2022
 
Income
(Numerator)
Units
(Denominator)
Per Unit
Amount
 
(in thousands, except for per unit amounts)
Basic Earnings:
Net income attributable to Boston Properties Limited 
Partnership 
$ 
957,265 
 
174,360 
$ 
5.49 
Allocation of undistributed earnings to participating 
securities
 
(991) 
 
— 
 
(0.01) 
Net income attributable to Boston Properties Limited 
Partnership 
 
956,274 
 
174,360 
 
5.48 
Effect of Dilutive Securities:
Stock Based Compensation
 
— 
 
411 
 
(0.01) 
Diluted Earnings:
Net income attributable to Boston Properties Limited 
Partnership 
$ 
956,274 
 
174,771 
$ 
5.47 
  
173

14. Employee Benefit Plans 
Effective January 1, 1985, the predecessor of the Company adopted a 401(k) Savings Plan (the “Plan”) for its 
employees.  Upon formation, the Company adopted the Plan and the terms of the Plan. 
Under the Plan, as amended, the Company’s matching contribution equals 200% of the first 3% of 
participant’s eligible earnings contributed (utilizing earnings that are not in excess of an amount established by the 
IRS ($345,000, $330,000 and $305,000 in 2024, 2023 and 2022, respectively), indexed for inflation) with no vesting 
requirement.  The Company’s aggregate matching contribution for the years ended December 31, 2024, 2023 and 
2022 was approximately $5.9 million, $5.4 million and $4.8 million, respectively. 
The Company also maintains a deferred compensation plan that is designed to allow officers of BXP to defer a 
portion of the officer’s current income on a pre-tax basis and receive a tax-deferred return on these deferrals based 
on the performance of specific investments selected by the officer.  The Company’s obligation under the plan is that 
of an unsecured promise to pay the deferred compensation to the plan participants in the future.  At December 31, 
2024 and 2023, the Company had maintained approximately $38.7 million and $35.3 million, respectively, in a 
separate account, which is not restricted as to its use.  The Company’s liability under the plan is equal to the total 
amount of compensation deferred by the plan participants and earnings on the deferred compensation pursuant to 
investments elected by the plan participants.  The Company’s liability as of December 31, 2024 and 2023 was 
approximately $38.7 million and $35.3 million, respectively, which are included in the accompanying Consolidated 
Balance Sheets.
15. Stock Option and Incentive Plan 
At the Company’s 2021 annual meeting of stockholders held on May 20, 2021, its stockholders approved the 
Boston Properties, Inc. 2021 Stock Incentive Plan (the “2021 Plan”).  The 2021 Plan replaced the Boston 
Properties, Inc. 2012 Stock Option and Incentive Plan (the “2012 Plan”) and no further awards will be issued under 
the 2012 Plan.  The material features of the 2021 Plan include, among other things: (i) the maximum number of 
shares of common stock reserved and available for issuance under the 2021 Plan is 5,400,000 shares less one 
share for every one share that was granted between March 4, 2021 and May 19, 2021 under the 2012 Plan, (ii) 
shares of common stock underlying awards granted under the 2021 Plan or the 2012 Plan that are forfeited, 
canceled or otherwise terminated (other than by exercise) will be added back to the shares of common stock 
available for issuance under the 2021 Plan and, with respect to “full-value” awards under the 2021 Plan or the 2012 
Plan, shares tendered or held back for taxes and shares previously reserved for issuance pursuant to such an 
award to the extent that such shares are not issued and are no longer issuable pursuant to such an award (e.g., in 
the event that a full-value award that may be settled in cash or by issuance of shares of common stock is settled in 
cash) will be added back to the shares available for issuance under the 2021 Plan, (iii) the award of stock options 
(both incentive and non-qualified options), stock appreciation rights, restricted stock units, restricted stock, 
unrestricted stock, dividend equivalent rights, cash-based awards and other equity-based awards (including LTIP 
Units) is permitted, (iv) stock options may not be repriced and “underwater” stock options may not be exchanged for 
another award or cash without stockholder approval; and (v) the term of the 2021 Plan ends ten years from the date 
of stockholder approval, or May 20, 2031.
On January 25, 2024, the Compensation Committee of BXP’s Board of Directors approved the grant of 2024 
Multi-Year Long-Term Incentive Program (the “2024 MYLTIP”) awards under the 2021 Plan to certain executive 
officers of BXP.  The 2024 MYLTIP awards consists of three components.  Two of the components, each weighted 
40%, utilize BXP’s TSR over a three-year measurement period as the performance metrics and the third component 
utilizes a leverage ratio as the performance metric.  Earned awards will range from zero to a maximum of 330,479 
LTIP Units depending on BXP’s performance under the three components, with a target of approximately 165,240 
LTIP Units.  Under ASC 718 “Compensation - Stock Compensation,” the 2024 MYLTIP awards have an aggregate 
value of approximately $11.1 million. 
On February 1, 2024, the three-year measurement period for the Company’s 2021 MYLTIP awards ended 
and, based on BXP’s absolute and relative TSR performance, the final payout was determined to be 112% of target, 
or an aggregate of approximately $12.6 million (after giving effect to employee separations).  As a result, an 
aggregate of 155,625 2021 MYLTIP Units that had been previously granted were automatically forfeited.
On February 3, 2023, the three-year measurement period for the Company’s 2020 MYLTIP awards ended 
and, based on BXP’s relative TSR performance, the final payout was determined to be 50% of target, or an 
aggregate of approximately $3.8 million (after giving effect to employee separations).  As a result, an aggregate of 
152,460 2020 MYLTIP Units that had been previously granted were automatically forfeited.
  
174

On February 4, 2022, the three-year measurement period for the Company’s 2019 MYLTIP awards ended 
and, based on BXP’s relative TSR performance, the final payout was determined to be 69.0% of target, or an 
aggregate of approximately $8.6 million (after giving effect to employee separations).  As a result, an aggregate of 
144,043 2019 MYLTIP Units that had been previously granted were automatically forfeited. 
BXP issued 83,316, 73,762 and 41,818 shares of restricted common stock and BPLP issued 451,044, 
430,824 and 280,616 LTIP Units to employees and non-employee directors under the 2012 Plan and the 2021 Plan 
during the years ended December 31, 2024, 2023 and 2022, respectively.  BXP did not issue any non-qualified 
stock options under the 2012 Plan or 2021 Plan during the years ended December 31, 2024, 2023 and 2022.  BPLP 
issued 330,479 2024 MYLTIP Units, 322,053 2023 MYLTIP Units and 254,061 2022 MYLTIP Units to employees 
under the 2021 Plan during the years ended December 31, 2024, 2023 and 2022, respectively.  Employees and 
non-employee directors paid $0.01 per share of restricted common stock and $0.25 per LTIP Unit and MYLTIP Unit.  
When issued, LTIP Units are not economically equivalent in value to a share of Common Stock, but over time can 
increase in value to one-for-one parity with Common Stock if there is sufficient appreciation in the value of the 
Company’s assets.  The aggregate value of the LTIP Units is included in noncontrolling interests in the Consolidated 
Balance Sheets of BXP and BPLP.  A majority of the grants of restricted common stock and LTIP Units to employees 
vest in four equal annual installments.  Restricted common stock is measured at fair value on the date of grant 
based on the number of shares granted and the closing price of BXP’s Common Stock on the date of grant as 
quoted on the New York Stock Exchange.  Such value is recognized as an expense ratably over the corresponding 
employee service period.  Because the 2012 OPP Units and 2013 - 2024 MYLTIP Units are subject to both a 
service condition and a market condition, the Company recognizes the related compensation expense under the 
graded vesting attribution method.  Under the graded vesting attribution method, each portion of the award that 
vests at a different date is accounted for as a separate award and recognized over the period appropriate to that 
portion so that the compensation cost for each portion should be recognized in full by the time that portion vests.  
The Company recognizes forfeitures as they occur on its awards of stock-based compensation.  Dividends paid on 
both vested and unvested shares of restricted stock are charged directly to Dividends in Excess of Earnings in 
BXP’s Consolidated Balance Sheets and Partners’ Capital in BPLP’s Consolidated Balance Sheets.  Aggregate 
stock-based compensation expense associated with restricted stock, LTIP Units and MYLTIP Units was 
approximately $42.6 million, $50.2 million and $50.7 million for the years ended December 31, 2024, 2023 and 
2022, respectively.  At December 31, 2024, there was (1) an aggregate of approximately $21.6 million of 
unrecognized compensation expense related to unvested restricted stock and LTIP Units and (2) no unrecognized 
compensation expense related to unvested 2022 - 2024 MYLTIP Units.  The unrecognized compensation expense 
related to unvested restricted stock and LTIP Units is expected to be recognized over a weighted-average period of 
approximately 2.4 years.
The shares of restricted stock were valued at approximately $5.3 million ($63.28 per share weighted-average), 
$5.4 million ($72.57 per share weighted-average) and $4.7 million ($111.47 per share weighted-average) for the 
years ended December 31, 2024, 2023 and 2022, respectively. 
LTIP Units were valued using a Monte Carlo simulation method model in accordance with the provisions of 
ASC 718.  LTIP Units issued during the years ended December 31, 2024, 2023 and 2022 were valued at 
approximately $26.8 million, $29.9 million and $28.9 million, respectively.  The weighted-average per unit fair value 
of LTIP Unit grants in 2024, 2023 and 2022 was $59.41, $69.29 and $103.06, respectively.  The per unit fair value of 
each LTIP Unit granted in 2024, 2023 and 2022 was estimated on the date of grant using the following assumptions; 
an expected life of 5.7 years, 5.7 years and 5.7 years, a risk-free interest rate of 4.03%, 3.67% and 1.71% and an 
expected price volatility of 36.0%, 32.0% and 31.0%, respectively. 
There were no non-qualified stock options granted during the years ended December 31, 2024, 2023 and 
2022. 
  
175

A summary of the status of BXP’s stock options as of December 31, 2024, 2023 and 2022 and changes during 
the years then ended are presented below:
Shares
Weighted-Average
Exercise Price
Outstanding at December 31, 2021
 
103,641 
$ 
97.01 
Exercised
 
— 
$ 
— 
Outstanding at December 31, 2022
 
103,641 
$ 
97.01 
Forfeited
 
(103,641) 
$ 
— 
Outstanding at December 31, 2023
 
— 
$ 
— 
Exercised
 
— 
$ 
— 
Outstanding at December 31, 2024
 
— 
$ 
— 
There were no stock options outstanding as of December 31, 2024 and 2023.  In addition, BXP had 103,641 
options exercisable and vested at a weighted-average exercise price of $97.01 at December 31, 2022.
BXP adopted the 1999 Non-Qualified Employee Stock Purchase Plan (the “Stock Purchase Plan”) to 
encourage the ownership of Common Stock by eligible employees.  The Stock Purchase Plan became effective on 
January 1, 1999 with an aggregate maximum of 250,000 shares of Common Stock available for issuance.  The 
Stock Purchase Plan provides for eligible employees to purchase on the business day immediately following the 
end of the biannual purchase periods (i.e., January 1-June 30 and July 1-December 31) shares of Common Stock 
at a purchase price equal to 85% of the average closing prices of the Common Stock during the last ten business 
days of the purchase period.  BXP issued 17,237, 18,552 and 9,813 shares with the weighted-average purchase 
price equal to $56.28 per share, $51.93 per share and $87.30 per share under the Stock Purchase Plan during the 
years ended December 31, 2024, 2023 and 2022, respectively.
16. Related Party Transactions  
Raymond A. Ritchey’s brother was employed by a real estate brokerage firm and participated in brokerage 
activities for which the Company paid the firm approximately $0.5 million and $1.6 million for the years ended 
December 31, 2023 and 2022, respectively.  The Company’s contract with this real estate brokerage firm ended on 
February 1, 2023 and as a result, it will not pay any further leasing commission to Mr. Ritchey’s brother.  Mr. Ritchey 
is a Senior Executive Vice President of BXP. 
On June 5, 2023, a joint venture in which the Company owns a 30% interest repaid the construction loan 
collateralized by its 500 North Capitol Street, NW property and obtained new mortgage loans with related parties.  
The new mortgage loans have an aggregate principal balance of $105.0 million, bear interest at a weighted average 
fixed rate of 6.83% per annum and mature on June 5, 2026.  The Company funded $10.5 million of the refinancing 
at a fixed rate equal to 8.03% per annum.  The loan has been reflected as a Related Party Note Receivable, Net on 
the Company’s Consolidated Balance Sheets.  The Company has recognized interest income of approximately 
$0.8 million and $0.6 million for the years ended December 31, 2024 and 2023, respectively.  500 North Capitol 
Street, NW is an approximately 231,000 net rentable square foot office property in Washington, DC.
On July 13, 2018, the Company entered into a joint venture with a third party to acquire a development site at 
3 Hudson Boulevard that, upon the future acquisition of additional available development rights, can accommodate 
an office tower with up to 2.0 million net rentable square feet located on the entire square block between 11th 
Avenue and Hudson Boulevard Park from West 34th Street to West 35th Street in New York City.  The Company 
owns a 25% interest in, and is the managing member of the joint venture.  The Company provided $80.0 million of 
mortgage financing to the joint venture that bears interest at a variable rate equal to Term SOFR plus approximately 
3.61% per annum and matured on August 7, 2024 and is currently in maturity default.  The joint venture is 
negotiating a new third-party loan, however, there can be no assurance that the joint venture will enter into a new 
third-party loan on the terms and schedule currently contemplated or at all.  The Company is the lender of the loan, 
and the loan and accrued interest are reflected as Related Party Note Receivables, Net and Tenant and Other 
Receivables, Net, respectively, on the Company’s Consolidated Balance Sheets.  The Company has recognized 
interest income of approximately $11.6 million, $8.9 million and $5.6 million for the years ended December 31, 
2024, 2023 and 2022, respectively.  The Company's policy is to record notes receivable at their unamortized cost, 
net of any unamortized deferred fees or costs, premiums or discounts and an allowance for credit losses.  Loan fees 
  
176

and direct costs associated with loans originated by the Company are deferred and amortized over the term of the 
note as interest income.
In accordance with the 2021 Plan, and as approved by its Board of Directors, eight non-employee directors 
made elections to receive deferred stock units in lieu of cash fees for 2024.  As a result of these elections, the 
aggregate cash fees otherwise payable to a non-employee director during a fiscal quarter are converted into a 
number of deferred stock units equal to the aggregate cash fees divided by the last reported sales price of a share 
of BXP’s Common Stock on the last trading of the applicable fiscal quarter.  The deferred stock units are also 
credited with dividend equivalents as dividends are paid by BXP.  The deferred stock units may be settled in shares 
of BXP’s Common Stock upon the cessation of such director’s service on the Board of Directors of BXP.  The non-
employee director compensation program provides, subject to certain conditions, the non-employee directors 
holding deferred stock units with the ability to elect, following cessation of their service on BXP’s Board of Directors, 
to diversify their investment elections into non-employer securities on a pre-tax basis and receive tax-deferred 
returns on such deferrals, which will ultimately be settled in cash.  The Company’s obligation under the plan is that 
of an unsecured promise to pay the deferred compensation to the non-employee director in the future.  At 
December 31, 2024 and 2023, the Company had maintained approximately $0.7 million and $0.8 million, 
respectively, in a separate account, which is not restricted as to its use.  The Company’s liability under the plan is 
equal to the total amount of compensation deferred by the non-employee director and earnings on the deferred 
compensation pursuant to investments elected by the non-employee director.  The Company’s liability as of 
December 31, 2024 and 2023 was approximately $0.7 million and $0.8 million, respectively, which is included in the 
accompanying Consolidated Balance Sheets.  The terms of the non-employee director compensation program 
require the classification of these deferred stock units as temporary equity on the Consolidated Balance Sheets of 
BXP, Inc. and Boston Properties Limited Partnership within Redeemable Deferred Stock Units.  At December 31, 
2024 and 2023, BXP had outstanding 128,227 and 119,471 deferred stock units, respectively.
17. Subsequent Events 
On January 2, 2025, a joint venture in which the Company has a 50% ownership interest fully placed in-
service 651 Gateway, an approximately 327,000 net rentable square feet laboratory/life sciences project located in 
South San Francisco, California.
On January 15, 2025, BPLP repaid $850.0 million in aggregate principal amount of its 3.200% senior notes 
due January 15, 2025.  The repayment was completed with available cash and the proceeds from BPLP’s August 
2024 offering of unsecured senior notes (See Note 7).  The repayment price was approximately $863.6 million, 
which was equal to the stated principal plus approximately $13.6 million of accrued and unpaid interest to, but not 
including, the repayment date.  Excluding the accrued and unpaid interest, the repayment price was equal to the 
principal amount being repaid.  
On January 22, 2025, BXP’s Compensation Committee approved the 2025 Multi-Year Long-Term Incentive 
Program (the “2025 MYLTIP”) awards under the 2021 Plan to certain executive officers of BXP.  The 2025 MYLTIP 
awards consists of three components.  Two of the components are each weighted 40% and utilize BXP’s TSR and 
BXP’s diluted FFO per share growth, respectively, over a three year measurement period as the performance 
metrics and the third component utilizes a leverage ratio as the performance metric.  Earned awards will range from 
zero to a maximum of 354,940 LTIP Units depending on BXP’s performance under the three components, with a 
target of approximately 177,470 LTIP Units.  Under ASC 718, the 2025 MYLTIP awards have an aggregate value of 
approximately $12.7 million. 
On January 31, 2025, the three-year measurement period for the Company’s 2022 MYLTIP awards ended 
and, based on BXP’s absolute and relative TSR performance, the final payout was determined to be 59% of target, 
or an aggregate of approximately $5.4 million (after giving effect to employee separations).  As a result, an 
aggregate of 177,919 2022 MYLTIP Units that had been previously granted were automatically forfeited.
On January 31, 2025 and February 4, 2025, BXP issued an aggregate of 47,649 shares of restricted common 
stock and BPLP issued an aggregate of 388,988 LTIP Units under the 2021 Plan to certain employees of BXP.
Item 9.  Changes in and Disagreements with Accountants on Accounting and Financial Disclosures.
None.
  
177

Item 9A.  Controls and Procedures.
BXP, Inc.
As of the end of the period covered by this report, an evaluation was carried out by our management, with the 
participation of BXP, Inc.’s Chief Executive Officer (Principal Executive Officer) and Chief Financial Officer (Principal 
Financial Officer), of the effectiveness of its disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Rule 13a-15(e) under 
the Securities Exchange Act of 1934).  Based upon that evaluation, BXP, Inc.’s Chief Executive Officer and Chief 
Financial Officer concluded that these disclosure controls and procedures were effective as of the end of the period 
covered by this report.  In addition, no change in BXP, Inc.’s internal control over financial reporting (as defined in 
Rule 13a-15(f) under the Securities Exchange Act of 1934) occurred during the fourth quarter of BXP, Inc.’s fiscal 
year ended December 31, 2024 that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, BXP, Inc.’s 
internal control over financial reporting. 
Management’s Report on Internal Control over Financial Reporting is set forth on page 102 of this Annual 
Report on Form 10-K and is incorporated herein by reference.
Boston Properties Limited Partnership
As of the end of the period covered by this report, an evaluation was carried out by the management of BXP, 
Inc., the sole general partner of Boston Properties Limited Partnership, with the participation of its Chief Executive 
Officer (Principal Executive Officer) and Chief Financial Officer (Principal Financial Officer), of the effectiveness of 
its disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Rule 13a-15(e) under the Securities Exchange Act of 1934).  
Based upon that evaluation, the Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer of BXP, Inc. concluded that 
these disclosure controls and procedures were effective as of the end of the period covered by this report.  In 
addition, no change in its internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Rule 13a-15(f) under the Securities 
Exchange Act of 1934) occurred during the fourth quarter of its fiscal year ended December 31, 2024 that has 
materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, its internal control over financial reporting.
Management’s Report on Internal Control over Financial Reporting is set forth on page 115 of this Annual 
Report on Form 10-K and is incorporated herein by reference.
Item 9B.  Other Information.
During the three months ended December 31, 2024, none of our directors or officers (as defined in Rule 
16a-1(f) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended) adopted, terminated or modified a Rule 10b5-1 
trading arrangement or non-Rule 10b5-1 trading arrangement (as such terms are defined in Item 408 of Regulation 
S-K).
Item 9C.  Disclosure Regarding Foreign Jurisdictions that Prevent Inspections.
Not Applicable.
  
178

PART III
Item 10.  Directors, Executive Officers and Corporate Governance.
We have adopted an insider trading policy governing the purchase, sale and other dispositions of our 
securities that applies to all of our directors, officers, employees, other covered persons and BXP, Inc. itself.  We 
believe that our insider trading policy is reasonably designed to promote compliance with insider trading laws, rules 
and regulations, and listing standards applicable to BXP, Inc.  A copy of the insider trading policy is filed as Exhibit 
19.1 to this Annual Report on Form 10-K.
The other information required by Item 10 will be included in the Proxy Statement to be filed relating to BXP, 
Inc.’s 2025 Annual Meeting of Stockholders and is incorporated herein by reference.
Item 11.  Executive Compensation.
The information required by Item 11 will be included in the Proxy Statement to be filed relating to BXP, Inc.’s 
2025 Annual Meeting of Stockholders and is incorporated herein by reference.
Item 12.  Security Ownership of Certain Beneficial Owners and Management and Related Stockholder 
Matters.
The following table summarizes BXP, Inc.’s equity compensation plans as of December 31, 2024.
Equity Compensation Plan Information
Plan category
Number of 
securities to be 
issued upon 
exercise of 
outstanding 
options, warrants 
and rights
(a)
Weighted-average 
exercise price of 
outstanding 
options, warrants 
and rights
(b)
Number of securities 
remaining available for 
future issuance under 
equity compensation 
plans (excluding 
securities reflected in 
column (a))
(c)
Equity compensation plans approved by 
security holders(1)
5,074,957 (2)
N/A (2)
3,576,975 (3)
Equity compensation plans not approved 
by security holders(4)
N/A
N/A
 
272,704 
Total
5,074,957
N/A
3,849,679
______________
(1)
Includes information related to BXP’s 1997 Stock Option and Incentive Plan, 2012 Stock Option and Incentive Plan and 
2021 Stock Incentive Plan.
(2)
Includes (a) 2,335,229 long term incentive units (LTIP units) (1,567,004 of which are vested) that, upon the satisfaction 
of certain conditions, are convertible into common units, which may be presented to BPLP for redemption and acquired 
by BXP for shares of its common stock, (b) 1,706,818 common units issued upon conversion of LTIP units, which may 
be presented to BPLP for redemption and acquired by BXP for shares of its common stock, (c) 252,151 2022 MYLTIP 
Awards that, upon the satisfaction of certain conditions, are convertible into common units, which may be presented to 
BPLP for redemption and acquired by BXP for shares of its common stock, (d) 322,053 2023 MYLTIP Awards that, upon 
the satisfaction of certain conditions, are convertible into common units, which may be presented to BPLP for 
redemption and acquired by BXP for shares of its common stock, (e) 330,479 2024 MYLTIP Awards that, upon the 
satisfaction of certain conditions, are convertible into common units, which may be presented to BPLP for redemption 
and acquired by BXP for shares of its common stock and (f) 128,227 deferred stock units which were granted pursuant 
to elections by certain of BXP’s non-employee directors to defer all cash compensation to be paid to such directors and 
to receive their deferred cash compensation in shares of BXP’s common stock upon their retirement from its Board of 
Directors. 
Does not include 151,328 shares of restricted stock, as they have been reflected in BXP’s total shares outstanding.  
Because there is no exercise price associated with LTIP units, common units, 2022 MYLTIP Awards, 2023 MYLTIP 
Awards, 2024 MYLTIP Awards or deferred stock units, such shares are not included in the weighed-average exercise 
price calculation.
(3)
Represents awards available for issuance under BXP’s 2021 Stock Incentive Plan.
(4)
Includes information related to the 1999 Non-Qualified Employee Stock Purchase Plan (ESPP).  The ESPP was 
adopted by the Board of Directors of BXP on October 29, 1998 and approved by BXP’s stockholders on May 22, 2024.  
  
179

The ESPP is available to all our employees that are employed on the first day of a purchase period.  Under the ESPP, 
each eligible employee may purchase shares of our common stock at semi-annual intervals each year at a purchase 
price equal to 85% of the average closing prices of our common stock on the New York Stock Exchange during the last 
ten business days of the purchase period.  Each eligible employee may contribute no more than $25,000 per year to 
purchase our common stock under the ESPP.
Additional information concerning security ownership of certain beneficial owners and management 
required by Item 12 will be included in the Proxy Statement to be filed relating to BXP, Inc.’s 2025 Annual Meeting of 
Stockholders and is incorporated herein by reference.
Item 13.  Certain Relationships and Related Transactions, and Director Independence.
The information required by Item 13 will be included in the Proxy Statement to be filed relating to BXP, Inc.’s 
2025 Annual Meeting of Stockholders and is incorporated herein by reference.
Item 14.  Principal Accountant Fees and Services.
The information required by Item 14 will be included in the Proxy Statement to be filed relating to BXP, Inc.’s 
2025 Annual Meeting of Stockholders and is incorporated herein by reference.
180

PART IV
Item 15.  Exhibits and Financial Statement Schedules.
(a) Financial Statement Schedule
767 Fifth Avenue (the 
General Motors Building)
Office
New York, NY
$ 
2,291,498 
$ 1,796,252 
$ 1,532,654 
$ 
393,520 
$ 
1,796,252 
$ 
1,926,174 
$ 
— 
$ 
— 
$ 3,722,426 
$ 
567,621 
1968/2019
2013
(1)
Prudential Center
Office
Boston, MA
— 
92,077 
948,357 
833,604 
115,632 
1,758,406 
— 
— 
1,874,038 
821,046 
1965/1993/
2002/2016-
2017/2024
 1998/1999
/2000
(1)
Embarcadero Center
Office
San Francisco, CA
— 
179,697 
847,410 
570,259 
195,986 
1,401,380 
— 
— 
1,597,366 
829,400 
1970/1989
 1998-1999
(1)
399 Park Avenue
Office
New York, NY
— 
339,200 
700,358 
419,566 
354,107 
1,105,017 
— 
— 
1,459,124 
522,555 
1961/2018
2002
(1)
601 Lexington Avenue
Office
New York, NY
990,529 
241,600 
494,782 
568,356 
289,639 
1,015,099 
— 
— 
1,304,738 
398,796 
1977/1997/
2021
2001
(1)
200 Clarendon Street and 
Garage
Office
Boston, MA
— 
219,543 
667,884 
288,694 
257,203 
918,918 
— 
— 
1,176,121 
370,980 
1976
2010
(1)
Salesforce Tower
Office
San Francisco, CA
— 
200,349 
946,205 
7,655 
200,349 
953,860 
— 
— 
1,154,209 
188,376 
2018
2013
(1)
250 West 55th Street
Office
New York, NY
— 
285,263 
603,167 
51,331 
285,263 
654,498 
— 
— 
939,761 
215,386 
2014
 2007 
(1)
100 Federal Street
Office
Boston, MA
— 
131,067 
435,954 
138,639 
131,067 
574,593 
— 
— 
705,660 
189,447 
1971-1975/
2017
2012
(1)
7 Times Square (formerly 
Times Square Tower)
Office
New York, NY
— 
165,413 
380,438 
149,990 
169,193 
526,648 
— 
— 
695,841 
264,411 
2004
2000
(1)
Madison Centre
Office
Seattle, WA
— 
104,641 
564,336 
5,126 
104,641 
569,462 
— 
— 
674,103 
56,212 
2017
2022
(1)
Carnegie Center
Office
Princeton, NJ
— 
142,666 
316,856 
184,814 
94,243 
491,116 
58,977 
— 
644,336 
279,961 
1983-2016
1998/1999/
2000/2007/
2014/2017/
2019
(1)
Santa Monica Business 
Park
Office 
Los Angeles, CA
198,021 
46,360 
410,421 
177,576 
210,471 
423,775 
111 
— 
634,357 
18,660 
1976-1980
2023
(1)
Reston Next
Office
Reston, VA
— 
35,549 
525,277 
5,860 
2,901 
563,785 
— 
— 
566,686 
51,052 
2022
1998
(1)
Atlantic Wharf
Office
Boston, MA
— 
63,988 
454,537 
42,166 
63,988 
496,703 
— 
— 
560,691 
195,192 
2011
2007
(1)
2100 Pennsylvania Avenue
Office
Washington, DC
— 
185,203 
324,206 
4,433 
185,203 
328,639 
— 
— 
513,842 
34,319 
2023
 N/A 
(1)
599 Lexington Avenue
Office
New York, NY
— 
81,040 
100,507 
269,410 
87,852 
363,105 
— 
— 
450,957 
212,251 
1986
1997
(1)
Fountain Square
Office
Reston, VA
— 
56,853 
306,298 
56,795 
56,853 
363,093 
— 
— 
419,946 
125,277 
1986-1990
2012
(1)
510 Madison Avenue
Office
New York, NY
— 
103,000 
253,665 
37,287 
103,000 
290,952 
— 
— 
393,952 
111,209 
2012
2010
(1)
325 Main Street
Office
Cambridge, MA
— (2)
21,596 
312,492 
42,325 
21,596 
354,817 
— 
— 
376,413 
25,113 
2022
1997
(1)
680 Folsom Street
Office
San Francisco, CA
— 
72,545 
219,766 
12,577 
72,545 
232,343 
— 
— 
304,888 
87,930 
2014
 2012 
(1)
145 Broadway
Office
Cambridge, MA
— 
121 
273,013 
26,980 
23,367 
276,747 
— 
— 
300,114 
43,888 
2019
1997
(1)
2200 Pennsylvania Avenue
Office
Washington, DC
— 
— 
183,541 
116,540 
101,734 
198,347 
— 
— 
300,081 
75,450 
2011
2008
(1)
South of Market and 
Democracy Tower
Office
Reston, VA
— 
13,603 
237,479 
31,096 
13,687 
268,491 
— 
— 
282,178 
118,780 
2008-2009
2003
(1)
Bay Colony Corporate 
Center
Office
Waltham, MA
— 
18,789 
148,451 
95,025 
18,789 
238,765 
4,711 
— 
262,265 
118,253 
1985-1989
2011
(1)
535 Mission Street
Office
San Francisco, CA
— 
40,933 
148,378 
6,325 
40,934 
154,702 
— 
— 
195,636 
50,973 
2015
 2013 
(1)
BXP, Inc.
Schedule 3—Real Estate and Accumulated Depreciation
December 31, 2024
(dollars in thousands) 
Property Name
Type
Location
Encumbrances
Original
Costs 
Capitalized 
Subsequent 
to 
Acquisition
Land and 
Improvements
Building and 
Improvements
Land Held for 
Development
Development 
and 
Construction 
in Progress
Total
Accumulated 
Depreciation
Year(s) 
Built/
Renovated
Year(s) 
Acquired
Depreciable 
Lives  
(Years)
Land
Building
181

Mountain View Research 
Park
Office
Mountain View, CA
— 
95,066 
68,373 
21,315 
95,066 
89,688 
— 
— 
184,754 
37,048 
1977-1981/
2007-2013
2013
(1)
Reservoir Place
Office
Waltham, MA
— 
18,605 
104,124 
55,829 
20,108 
158,450 
— 
— 
178,558 
91,828 
1955/1987/
2017
 1997/1998
(1)
140 Kendrick Street
Office
Needham, MA
— 
18,095 
66,905 
72,615 
19,092 
138,523 
— 
— 
157,615 
52,387 
2000/2023
2004
(1)
901 New York Avenue
Office
Washington, DC
201,692 
65,808 
72,970 
13,225 
65,808 
86,195 
— 
— 
152,003 
4,253 
2004
2024
(1)
1330 Connecticut Avenue
Office
Washington, DC
— 
25,982 
82,311 
39,773 
27,135 
120,931 
— 
— 
148,066 
58,777 
1984/2018
2004
(1)
One Freedom Square
Office
Reston, VA
— 
9,929 
84,504 
47,580 
11,293 
130,720 
— 
— 
142,013 
73,356 
2000
2003
(1)
Two Freedom Square
Office
Reston, VA
— 
13,930 
77,739 
46,236 
15,420 
122,485 
— 
— 
137,905 
50,676 
2001
2003
(1)
One and Two Reston 
Overlook
Office
Reston, VA
— 
16,456 
66,192 
49,596 
16,179 
116,065 
— 
— 
132,244 
64,247 
1999
2000
(1)
Kingstowne Towne Center
Office
Alexandria, VA
— 
18,021 
109,038 
4,296 
18,062 
113,293 
— 
— 
131,355 
57,756 
2003-2006
2007
(1)
Weston Corporate Center
Office
Weston, MA
— 
25,753 
92,312 
1,630 
25,854 
93,841 
— 
— 
119,695 
44,575 
2010
2001
(1)
Discovery Square
Office
Reston, VA
— 
11,198 
71,782 
33,904 
12,533 
104,351 
— 
— 
116,884 
62,220 
2001
2003
(1)
Shady Grove Innovation 
District
Office
Rockville, MD
— 
52,030 
64,212 
(284) 
26,834 
35,014 
54,110 
— 
115,958 
5,526 
1968-1985
2021
(1)
355 Main Street
Office
Cambridge, MA
594,869 
18,863 
53,346 
41,772 
21,173 
92,808 
— 
— 
113,981 
39,649 
1981/1996/
2013
2006
(1)
17Fifty Presidents Street
Office
Reston, VA
— 
— 
113,362 
162 
— 
113,524 
— 
— 
113,524 
21,016 
2020
2013
(1)
10 CityPoint
Office
Waltham, MA
— 
1,953 
85,752 
7,023 
2,288 
92,440 
— 
— 
94,728 
26,693 
2016
 1997 
(1)
Waltham Weston Corporate 
Center
Office
Waltham, MA
— 
10,385 
60,694 
22,745 
11,097 
82,727 
— 
— 
93,824 
48,609 
2003
1999
(1)
90 Broadway
Office
Cambridge, MA
— (2)
19,104 
52,078 
22,168 
20,785 
72,565 
— 
— 
93,350 
33,396 
1983/1998/
2013
2006
(1)
Sumner Square
Office
Washington, DC
— 
624 
28,745 
60,966 
27,441 
62,894 
— 
— 
90,335 
29,739 
1985
1999
(1)
230 CityPoint
Office
Waltham, MA
— 
13,189 
49,823 
25,075 
13,807 
74,280 
— 
— 
88,087 
41,800 
1992
2005
(1)
77 CityPoint
Office
Waltham, MA
— 
13,847 
60,383 
10,648 
14,023 
70,855 
— 
— 
84,878 
30,750 
2008
2001
(1)
20 CityPoint
Office
Waltham, MA
— 
4,887 
72,764 
7,072 
4,887 
79,836 
— 
— 
84,723 
16,456 
2020
2007
(1)
Wisconsin Place
Office
Chevy Chase, MD
— 
— 
53,349 
26,100 
— 
79,449 
— 
— 
79,449 
31,223 
2009
2004
(1)
2440 West El Camino Real
Office
Mountain View, CA
— 
16,741 
51,285 
6,565 
16,741 
57,850 
— 
— 
74,591 
23,427 
1987/2003
2011
(1)
Reston Corporate Center
Office
Reston, VA
— 
9,135 
50,857 
4,489 
10,148 
54,333 
— 
— 
64,481 
35,620 
1984
1998
(1)
890 Winter Street
Office
Waltham, MA
— 
13,913 
28,557 
19,104 
13,913 
47,661 
— 
— 
61,574 
9,397 
1999
2019
(1)
255 Main Street
Office
Cambridge, MA
— 
134 
25,110 
33,766 
548 
58,462 
— 
— 
59,010 
45,819 
1987
1997
(1)
University Place
Office
Cambridge, MA
— 
— 
37,091 
15,149 
4,145 
48,095 
— 
— 
52,240 
38,992 
1985
1998
(1)
Capital Gallery
Office
Washington, DC
— 
4,725 
29,565 
10,374 
8,662 
36,002 
— 
— 
44,664 
25,075 
1981/2006
2007
(1)
North First Business Park
Office
San Jose, CA
— 
23,398 
13,069 
6,116 
23,378 
19,205 
— 
— 
42,583 
17,852 
1981
2007
(1)
150 Broadway
Office
Cambridge, MA
— 
850 
25,042 
15,749 
1,323 
40,318 
— 
— 
41,641 
20,185 
1999
1997
(1)
105 Broadway
Office
Cambridge, MA
— 
1,299 
12,943 
12,723 
2,395 
24,570 
— 
— 
26,965 
18,114 
1990
1997
(1)
Lexington Office Park
Office
Lexington, MA
— 
998 
1,426 
19,738 
1,263 
19,233 
1,666 
— 
22,162 
17,298 
1982
1997
(1)
The Point
Office
Waltham, MA
— 
6,395 
10,040 
546 
6,492 
10,489 
— 
— 
16,981 
2,969 
2015
2007
(1)
690 Folsom Street
Office
San Francisco, CA
— 
3,219 
11,038 
1,877 
3,219 
12,915 
— 
— 
16,134 
4,723 
2015
2012
(1)
Avant Retail
Office
Reston, VA
— 
1,499 
6,647 
2,577 
1,499 
9,224 
— 
— 
10,723 
3,885 
2014
2010
(1)
BXP, Inc.
Schedule 3—Real Estate and Accumulated Depreciation
December 31, 2024
(dollars in thousands) 
Property Name
Type
Location
Encumbrances
Original
Costs 
Capitalized 
Subsequent 
to 
Acquisition
Land and 
Improvements
Building and 
Improvements
Land Held for 
Development
Development 
and 
Construction 
in Progress
Total
Accumulated 
Depreciation
Year(s) 
Built/
Renovated
Year(s) 
Acquired
Depreciable 
Lives  
(Years)
Land
Building
182

17 Hartwell Avenue
Office
Lexington, MA
— 
26 
150 
9,206 
65 
6,175 
3,142 
— 
9,382 
3,831 
1968
1997
(1)
32 Hartwell Avenue
Office
Lexington, MA
— 
168 
1,943 
6,394 
314 
8,191 
— 
— 
8,505 
3,291 
1968/1979/
1987
1997
(1)
453 Ravendale Drive
Office
Mountain View, CA
— 
5,477 
1,090 
1,286 
5,477 
2,376 
— 
— 
7,853 
1,300 
1977
2012
(1)
125 Broadway
Life Sciences
Cambridge, MA
— 
126,364 
433,662 
5,580 
126,364 
439,242 
— 
— 
565,606 
38,051 
2000
2022
(1)
180 CityPoint
Life Sciences
Waltham, MA
— 
10,908 
211,883 
— 
10,908 
211,883 
— 
— 
222,791 
6,212 
2024
 2006 
(1)
300 Binney Street
Life Sciences
Cambridge, MA
— 
18,080 
51,262 
148,974 
18,080 
200,236 
— 
— 
218,316 
7,923 
2024
 2009 
(1)
880 Winter Street
Life Sciences
Waltham, MA
— 
15,597 
37,255 
95,615 
15,597 
132,870 
— 
— 
148,467 
18,179 
1998/2022
2019
(1)
200 West Street
Life Sciences
Waltham, MA
— 
16,148 
24,983 
77,709 
16,813 
101,670 
357 
— 
118,840 
33,730 
1999/2021
1997
(1)
153 & 211 Second Avenue
Life Sciences
Waltham, MA
— 
33,233 
55,940 
2,352 
33,233 
58,292 
— 
— 
91,525 
7,583 
1964-2006
2021
(1)
103 CityPoint
Life Sciences
Waltham, MA
— 
4,672 
77,515 
— 
4,672 
77,515 
— 
— 
82,187 
569 
2024
 2007 
(1)
250 Binney Street
Life Sciences
Cambridge, MA
— 
110 
4,483 
3,593 
273 
7,913 
— 
— 
8,186 
7,473 
1983
1997
(1)
33 Hayden Avenue
Life Sciences
Lexington, MA
— 
266 
3,234 
11,502 
425 
14,577 
— 
— 
15,002 
10,250 
1979
1997
(1)
92-100 Hayden Avenue
Life Sciences
Lexington, MA
— 
594 
6,748 
1,817 
778 
8,381 
— 
— 
9,159 
7,456 
1985
1997
(1)
The Skylyne
Residential
Oakland, CA
— 
— 
239,077 
1,792 
— 
240,869 
— 
— 
240,869 
26,207 
2020
N/A
(1)
Signature at Reston
Residential
Reston, VA
— 
27,076 
190,580 
2,980 
27,076 
193,560 
— 
— 
220,636 
32,887 
2018
2013
(1)
Proto Kendall Square
Residential
Cambridge, MA
— 
9,243 
127,248 
3,336 
9,245 
130,582 
— 
— 
139,827 
21,122 
2018
2015
(1)
The Lofts at Atlantic Wharf
Residential
Boston, MA
— 
3,529 
54,891 
2,598 
3,529 
57,489 
— 
— 
61,018 
20,108 
2011
2007
(1)
Boston Marriott Cambridge
Hotel
Cambridge, MA
— 
478 
37,918 
30,031 
1,201 
66,597 
629 
— 
68,427 
53,343 
1986/2017
1997
(1)
Kendall Center Green 
Garage
Garage
Cambridge, MA
— (2)
— 
35,035 
7,335 
103 
42,267 
— 
— 
42,370 
19,812 
1984
2006
(1)
Kendall Center Yellow 
Garage
Garage
Cambridge, MA
— 
1,256 
15,697 
1,674 
1,434 
17,193 
— 
— 
18,627 
8,248 
2006
2004
(1)
290 Binney Street
Development
Cambridge, MA
— 
— 
— 
575,958 
1,054 
— 
— 
574,904 
575,958 
— 
N/A
1997
N/A
121 Broadway
Development
Cambridge, MA
— 
— 
— 
102,843 
— 
— 
— 
102,843 
102,843 
— 
N/A
1997
N/A
Reston Next Office Phase II
Development
Reston, VA
— 
— 
— 
45,434 
1,692 
3,030 
— 
40,712 
45,434 
14 
N/A
1998
N/A
725 12th Street
Development
Washington, DC
— 
26,997 
8,369 
522 
— 
— 
— 
35,888 
35,888 
— 
1992
2024
N/A
Reston Next Retail
Development
Reston, VA
— 
— 
— 
10,293 
— 
— 
— 
10,293 
10,293 
— 
N/A
1998
N/A
343 Madison Avenue 
Land
New York, NY
— 
— 
— 
240,226 
140,558 
— 
99,668 
— 
240,226 
— 
N/A
2023
N/A
777 Harrison Street
Land
San Francisco, CA
— 
144,647 
— 
28,366 
— 
47 
172,966 
— 
173,013 
39 
N/A
2020
N/A
Back Bay Station Master 
Plan
Land
Boston, MA
— 
— 
— 
103,908 
24,808 
— 
79,100 
— 
103,908 
— 
N/A
N/A
N/A
3625-3635 Peterson Way
Land
Santa Clara, CA
— 
63,206 
— 
5,185 
— 
— 
68,391 
— 
68,391 
— 
N/A
2016
N/A
North First Master Plan
Land
San Jose, CA
— 
35,004 
— 
4,600 
— 
— 
39,604 
— 
39,604 
— 
N/A
 2007 
N/A
Plaza at Almaden
Land
San Jose, CA
— 
— 
— 
38,163 
— 
— 
38,163 
— 
38,163 
— 
N/A
2006
N/A
CityPoint South Master Plan
Land
Waltham, MA
— 
— 
— 
36,522 
— 
— 
36,522 
— 
36,522 
— 
N/A
N/A
N/A
Springfield Metro Center
Land
Springfield, VA
— 
— 
— 
19,913 
— 
— 
19,913 
— 
19,913 
— 
N/A
 2007 
N/A
Reston Gateway Master 
Plan
Land
Reston, VA
— 
— 
— 
17,199 
— 
— 
17,199 
— 
17,199 
— 
N/A
1998
N/A
Kendall Center Master Plan
Land
Cambridge, MA
— 
— 
— 
16,301 
— 
— 
16,301 
— 
16,301 
— 
N/A
1997
N/A
Weston Quarry
Land
Weston, MA
— 
— 
— 
1,252 
— 
— 
1,252 
— 
1,252 
— 
N/A
 2001 
N/A
BXP, Inc.
Schedule 3—Real Estate and Accumulated Depreciation
December 31, 2024
(dollars in thousands) 
Property Name
Type
Location
Encumbrances
Original
Costs 
Capitalized 
Subsequent 
to 
Acquisition
Land and 
Improvements
Building and 
Improvements
Land Held for 
Development
Development 
and 
Construction 
in Progress
Total
Accumulated 
Depreciation
Year(s) 
Built/
Renovated
Year(s) 
Acquired
Depreciable 
Lives  
(Years)
Land
Building
183

Broad Run Business Park
Land
Loudoun County, VA
— 
— 
— 
1,188 
— 
— 
1,188 
— 
1,188 
— 
N/A
 1998 
N/A
Reston Overlook Master 
Plan
Land
Reston, VA
— 
— 
— 
80 
— 
— 
80 
— 
80 
— 
N/A
 2000 
N/A
$ 
4,276,609  (3) $ 5,716,458 
$ 15,848,823 
$ 6,955,895 
$ 
6,002,805  (4) $ 
21,039,681  (5) $ 
714,050  (6) $ 
764,640 
$ 28,521,176 
$ 
7,485,502 
BXP, Inc.
Schedule 3—Real Estate and Accumulated Depreciation
December 31, 2024
(dollars in thousands) 
Property Name
Type
Location
Encumbrances
Original
Costs 
Capitalized 
Subsequent 
to 
Acquisition
Land and 
Improvements
Building and 
Improvements
Land Held for 
Development
Development 
and 
Construction 
in Progress
Total
Accumulated 
Depreciation
Year(s) 
Built/
Renovated
Year(s) 
Acquired
Depreciable 
Lives  
(Years)
Land
Building
Note: Total Real Estate does not include Furniture, Fixtures and Equipment totaling approximately $57,136.  Accumulated Depreciation does not include approximately $42,555 of accumulated depreciation 
related to Furniture, Fixtures and Equipment. Office type includes office, life sciences, and retail properties.
The aggregate cost and accumulated depreciation for tax purposes was approximately $25.9 billion and $6.4 billion, respectively.
(1)
Depreciation of the buildings and improvements are calculated over lives ranging from the life of the lease to 40 years.
(2)
This property is encumbered with the mortgage note shown at 355 Main Street.
(3)
Includes unamortized deferred financing costs and fair value debt adjustment totaling approximately $(25.7) million.
(4)
Includes Right of Use Assets - Finance Leases and Right of Use Assets - Operating Leases of approximately $349,314 and $334,767, respectively.
(5)
Includes Right of Use Assets - Finance Leases of approximately $23,608.
(6)
Includes pre-development costs.
184

BXP, Inc.
Real Estate and Accumulated Depreciation
December 31, 2024, 2023 and 2022 
(dollars in thousands)
 
A summary of activity for real estate and accumulated depreciation is as follows:
 
2024
2023
2022
Real Estate:
Balance at the beginning of the year
$ 
27,421,471 $ 
25,744,214 $ 
24,108,220 
Additions to/improvements of real estate
 
1,210,558  
1,811,036  
2,228,000 
Assets sold/written-off
 
(110,853)  
(133,779)  
(592,006) 
Balance at the end of the year
$ 
28,521,176 $ 
27,421,471 $ 
25,744,214 
Accumulated Depreciation:
Balance at the beginning of the year
$ 
6,841,404 $ 
6,260,992 $ 
5,848,183 
Depreciation expense
 
754,951  
714,191  
646,020 
Assets sold/written-off
 
(110,853)  
(133,779)  
(233,211) 
Balance at the end of the year
$ 
7,485,502 $ 
6,841,404 $ 
6,260,992 
 
Note: Real Estate and Accumulated Depreciation amounts do not include Furniture, Fixtures and Equipment.
  
185

767 Fifth Avenue (the 
General Motors Building)
Office
New York, NY
$ 
2,291,498 
$ 1,796,252 
$ 1,532,654 
$ 
393,520 
$ 
1,796,252 
$ 
1,926,174 
$ 
— 
$ 
— 
$ 3,722,426 
$ 
567,621 
1968/2019
 2013 
(1)
Prudential Center
Office
Boston, MA
— 
92,077 
948,357 
774,547 
100,533 
1,714,448 
— 
— 
1,814,981 
800,074 
1965/1993/
2002/2016-
2017/2024
 1998/1999
/2000 
(1)
Embarcadero Center
Office
San Francisco, CA
— 
179,697 
847,410 
507,972 
180,419 
1,354,660 
— 
— 
1,535,079 
806,969 
1970/1989
 1998-1999 
(1)
399 Park Avenue
Office
New York, NY
— 
339,200 
700,358 
359,958 
339,200 
1,060,316 
— 
— 
1,399,516 
501,229 
1961/2018
2002
(1)
601 Lexington Avenue
Office
New York, NY
990,529 
241,600 
494,782 
531,270 
279,281 
988,371 
— 
— 
1,267,652 
385,988 
1977/1997/
2021
 2001 
(1)
200 Clarendon Street and 
Garage
Office
Boston, MA
— 
219,543 
667,884 
288,694 
257,203 
918,918 
— 
— 
1,176,121 
370,980 
1976
2010
(1)
Salesforce Tower
Office
San Francisco, CA
— 
200,349 
946,205 
7,655 
200,349 
953,860 
— 
— 
1,154,209 
188,376 
2018
 2013 
(1)
250 West 55th Street
Office
New York, NY
— 
285,263 
603,167 
51,331 
285,263 
654,498 
— 
— 
939,761 
215,386 
2014
 2007 
(1)
100 Federal Street
Office
Boston, MA
— 
131,067 
435,954 
138,639 
131,067 
574,593 
— 
— 
705,660 
189,447 
1971-1975/
2017
 2012 
(1)
Madison Centre
Office
Seattle, WA
— 
104,641 
564,336 
5,126 
104,641 
569,462 
674,103 
56,212 
2017
2022
(1)
7 Times Square (formerly 
Times Square Tower)
Office
New York, NY
— 
165,413 
380,438 
112,011 
159,694 
498,168 
— 
— 
657,862 
250,824 
2004
2000
(1)
Santa Monica Business 
Park
Office 
Los Angeles, CA
198,021 
46,360 
410,421 
177,482 
210,471 
423,681 
111 
— 
634,263 
18,660 
1976-1980
2023
(1)
Carnegie Center
Office
Princeton, NJ
— 
142,666 
316,856 
169,851 
90,501 
479,895 
58,977 
— 
629,373 
274,543 
1983-2016
1998/1999/
2000/2007/
2014/2017/
2019
(1)
Reston Next
Office
Reston, VA
— 
35,549 
525,277 
5,860 
2,901 
563,785 
— 
— 
566,686 
51,052 
2022
1998
(1)
Atlantic Wharf
Office
Boston, MA
— 
63,988 
454,537 
42,166 
63,988 
496,703 
— 
— 
560,691 
195,192 
2011
 2007 
(1)
2100 Pennsylvania Avenue
Office
Washington, DC
— 
185,203 
324,206 
4,433 
185,203 
328,639 
— 
— 
513,842 
34,319 
2023
 N/A 
(1)
599 Lexington Avenue
Office
New York, NY
— 
81,040 
100,507 
242,168 
81,040 
342,675 
— 
— 
423,715 
202,504 
1986
1997
(1)
Fountain Square
Office
Reston, VA
— 
56,853 
306,298 
56,795 
56,853 
363,093 
— 
— 
419,946 
125,277 
1986-1990
 2012 
(1)
510 Madison Avenue
Office
New York, NY
— 
103,000 
253,665 
37,287 
103,000 
290,952 
— 
— 
393,952 
111,209 
2012
2010
(1)
325 Main Street
Office
Cambridge, MA
— (2)
21,596 
312,492 
42,132 
21,403 
354,817 
— 
— 
376,220 
25,113 
2022
1997
(1)
680 Folsom Street
Office
San Francisco, CA
— 
72,545 
219,766 
12,577 
72,545 
232,343 
— 
— 
304,888 
87,930 
2014
 2012 
(1)
2200 Pennsylvania Avenue
Office
Washington, DC
— 
— 
183,541 
116,540 
101,734 
198,347 
— 
— 
300,081 
75,450 
2011
2008
(1)
145 Broadway
Office
Cambridge, MA
— 
121 
273,013 
26,777 
23,164 
276,747 
— 
— 
299,911 
43,888 
2019
1997
(1)
South of Market and 
Democracy Tower
Office
Reston, VA
— 
13,603 
237,479 
30,760 
13,603 
268,239 
— 
— 
281,842 
118,676 
2008-2009
2003
(1)
Bay Colony Corporate 
Center
Office
Waltham, MA
— 
18,789 
148,451 
95,025 
18,789 
238,765 
4,711 
— 
262,265 
118,253 
1985-1989
2011
(1)
535 Mission Street
Office
San Francisco, CA
— 
40,933 
148,378 
6,325 
40,934 
154,702 
— 
— 
195,636 
50,973 
2015
 2013 
(1)
Mountain View Research 
Park
Office
Mountain View, CA
— 
95,066 
68,373 
21,315 
95,066 
89,688 
— 
— 
184,754 
37,048 
1977-1981/
2007-2013
 2013 
(1)
Reservoir Place
Office
Waltham, MA
— 
18,605 
104,124 
51,754 
19,089 
155,394 
— 
— 
174,483 
90,370 
1955/1987/
2017
 1997/1998 
(1)
140 Kendrick Street
Office
Needham, MA
— 
18,095 
66,905 
68,625 
18,095 
135,530 
— 
— 
153,625 
50,959 
2000/2023
2004
(1)
901 New York Avenue
Office
Washington, DC
201,692 
65,808 
72,970 
13,225 
65,808 
86,195 
— 
— 
152,003 
4,253 
2004
2024
(1)
1330 Connecticut Avenue
Office
Washington, DC
— 
25,982 
82,311 
35,160 
25,982 
117,471 
— 
— 
143,453 
57,126 
1984/2018
2004
(1)
Boston Properties Limited Partnership
Schedule 3—Real Estate and Accumulated Depreciation
December 31, 2024
(dollars in thousands)
Original
Costs 
Capitalized 
Subsequent 
to 
Acquisition
Land and 
Improvements
Building and 
Improvements
Land Held 
for 
Development
Development 
and 
Construction 
in Progress
Total
Accumulated 
Depreciation
Year(s) 
Built/
Renovated
Year(s) 
Acquired
Depreciable 
Lives
(Years)
Property Name
Type
Location
Encumbrances
Land
Building
186

One Freedom Square
Office
Reston, VA
— 
9,929 
84,504 
41,943 
9,883 
126,493 
— 
— 
136,376 
71,339 
2000
2003
(1)
Two Freedom Square
Office
Reston, VA
— 
13,930 
77,739 
40,024 
13,866 
117,827 
— 
— 
131,693 
48,454 
2001
2003
(1)
Kingstowne Towne Center
Office
Alexandria, VA
— 
18,021 
109,038 
4,132 
18,021 
113,170 
— 
— 
131,191 
57,705 
2003-2006
 2007 
(1)
One and Two Reston 
Overlook
Office
Reston, VA
— 
16,456 
66,192 
45,178 
15,074 
112,752 
— 
— 
127,826 
62,667 
1999
2000
(1)
Weston Corporate Center
Office
Weston, MA
— 
25,753 
92,312 
1,630 
25,854 
93,841 
— 
— 
119,695 
44,575 
2010
2001
(1)
Shady Grove Innovation 
District
Office
Rockville, MD
— 
52,030 
64,212 
(284) 
26,834 
35,014 
54,110 
— 
115,958 
5,526 
1968-1985
2021
(1)
355 Main Street
Office
Cambridge, MA
594,869 
18,863 
53,346 
41,474 
21,098 
92,585 
— 
— 
113,683 
39,544 
1981/1996/
2013
2006
(1)
17Fifty Presidents Street
Office
Reston, VA
— 
— 
113,362 
162 
— 
113,524 
— 
— 
113,524 
21,016 
2020
2013
(1)
Discovery Square
Office
Reston, VA
— 
11,198 
71,782 
28,359 
11,146 
100,193 
— 
— 
111,339 
60,237 
2001
2003
(1)
10 CityPoint
Office
Waltham, MA
— 
1,953 
85,752 
6,862 
2,127 
92,440 
— 
— 
94,567 
26,693 
2016
 1997 
(1)
90 Broadway
Office
Cambridge, MA
— (2)
19,104 
52,078 
21,989 
20,741 
72,430 
— 
— 
93,171 
33,338 
1983/1998/
2013
 2006 
(1)
Waltham Weston Corporate 
Center
Office
Waltham, MA
— 
10,385 
60,694 
19,758 
10,350 
80,487 
— 
— 
90,837 
47,541 
2003
 1999 
(1)
Sumner Square
Office
Washington, DC
— 
624 
28,745 
58,886 
26,921 
61,334 
— 
— 
88,255 
28,998 
1985
1999
(1)
230 CityPoint
Office
Waltham, MA
— 
13,189 
49,823 
23,458 
13,403 
73,067 
— 
— 
86,470 
41,224 
1992
2005
(1)
77 CityPoint
Office
Waltham, MA
— 
13,847 
60,383 
10,543 
13,997 
70,776 
— 
— 
84,773 
30,716 
2008
2001
(1)
20 CityPoint
Office
Waltham, MA
— 
4,887 
72,764 
7,072 
4,887 
79,836 
— 
— 
84,723 
16,456 
2020
2007
(1)
Wisconsin Place
Office
Chevy Chase, MD
— 
— 
53,349 
26,100 
— 
79,449 
— 
— 
79,449 
31,223 
2009
2004
(1)
2440 West El Camino Real
Office
Mountain View, CA
— 
16,741 
51,285 
6,565 
16,741 
57,850 
— 
— 
74,591 
23,427 
1987/2003
 2011 
(1)
Reston Corporate Center
Office
Reston, VA
— 
9,135 
50,857 
1,878 
9,496 
52,374 
— 
— 
61,870 
34,685 
1984
1998
(1)
890 Winter Street
Office
Waltham, MA
— 
13,913 
28,557 
19,104 
13,913 
47,661 
— 
— 
61,574 
9,397 
1999
2019
(1)
255 Main Street
Office
Cambridge, MA
— 
134 
25,110 
32,110 
134 
57,220 
— 
— 
57,354 
45,229 
1987
1997
(1)
University Place
Office
Cambridge, MA
— 
— 
37,091 
13,699 
4,145 
46,645 
— 
— 
50,790 
37,845 
1985
1998
(1)
North First Business Park
Office
San Jose, CA
— 
23,398 
13,069 
6,093 
23,372 
19,188 
— 
— 
42,560 
17,845 
1981
 2007 
(1)
Capital Gallery
Office
Washington, DC
— 
4,725 
29,565 
5,712 
6,128 
33,874 
— 
— 
40,002 
24,060 
1981/2006
2007
(1)
150 Broadway
Office
Cambridge, MA
— 
850 
25,042 
13,744 
822 
38,814 
— 
— 
39,636 
19,464 
1999
1997
(1)
105 Broadway
Office
Cambridge, MA
— 
1,299 
12,943 
10,617 
1,868 
22,991 
— 
— 
24,859 
17,361 
1990
1997
(1)
Lexington Office Park
Office
Lexington, MA
— 
998 
1,426 
18,974 
1,072 
18,660 
1,666 
— 
21,398 
17,028 
1982
1997
(1)
The Point
Office
Waltham, MA
— 
6,395 
10,040 
546 
6,492 
10,489 
— 
— 
16,981 
2,969 
2015
2007
(1)
690 Folsom Street
Office
San Francisco, CA
— 
3,219 
11,038 
1,877 
3,219 
12,915 
— 
— 
16,134 
4,723 
2015
2012
(1)
Avant Retail
Office
Reston, VA
— 
1,499 
6,647 
2,577 
1,499 
9,224 
— 
— 
10,723 
3,885 
2014
2010
(1)
17 Hartwell Avenue
Office
Lexington, MA
— 
26 
150 
9,049 
26 
6,057 
3,142 
— 
9,225 
3,774 
1968
1997
(1)
32 Hartwell Avenue
Office
Lexington, MA
— 
168 
1,943 
5,808 
168 
7,751 
— 
— 
7,919 
3,080 
1968/1979/
1987
1997
(1)
453 Ravendale Drive
Office
Mountain View, CA
— 
5,477 
1,090 
1,286 
5,477 
2,376 
— 
— 
7,853 
1,300 
1977
2012
(1)
125 Broadway
Life Sciences
Cambridge, MA
— 
126,364 
433,662 
5,580 
126,364 
439,242 
— 
— 
565,606 
38,051 
2000
2022
(1)
180 CityPoint
Life Sciences
Waltham, MA
— 
10,908 
211,883 
— 
10,908 
211,883 
— 
— 
222,791 
6,212 
2024
 2006 
(1)
Boston Properties Limited Partnership
Schedule 3—Real Estate and Accumulated Depreciation
December 31, 2024
(dollars in thousands)
Original
Costs 
Capitalized 
Subsequent 
to 
Acquisition
Land and 
Improvements
Building and 
Improvements
Land Held 
for 
Development
Development 
and 
Construction 
in Progress
Total
Accumulated 
Depreciation
Year(s) 
Built/
Renovated
Year(s) 
Acquired
Depreciable 
Lives
(Years)
Property Name
Type
Location
Encumbrances
Land
Building
187

300 Binney Street
Life Sciences
Cambridge, MA
— 
18,080 
51,262 
148,974 
18,080 
200,236 
— 
— 
218,316 
7,923 
2024
 2009 
(1)
880 Winter Street
Life Sciences
Waltham, MA
— 
15,597 
37,255 
95,615 
15,597 
132,870 
— 
— 
148,467 
18,179 
1998/2022
2019
(1)
200 West Street
Life Sciences
Waltham, MA
— 
16,148 
24,983 
75,048 
16,148 
99,674 
357 
— 
116,179 
32,778 
1999/2021
1997
(1)
153 & 211 Second Avenue
Life Sciences
Waltham, MA
— 
33,233 
55,940 
2,352 
33,233 
58,292 
— 
— 
91,525 
7,583 
1964-2006
2021
(1)
103 CityPoint
Life Sciences
Waltham, MA
— 
4,672 
77,515 
(2) 
4,670 
77,515 
— 
— 
82,185 
569 
2024
 2007 
(1)
33 Hayden Avenue
Life Sciences
Lexington, MA
— 
266 
3,234 
10,865 
266 
14,099 
— 
— 
14,365 
10,022 
1979
1997
(1)
92-100 Hayden Avenue
Life Sciences
Lexington, MA
— 
594 
6,748 
1,088 
595 
7,835 
— 
— 
8,430 
7,194 
1985
1997
(1)
250 Binney Street
Life Sciences
Cambridge, MA
— 
110 
4,483 
2,939 
110 
7,422 
— 
— 
7,532 
7,243 
1983
1997
(1)
The Skylyne
Residential
Oakland, CA
— 
— 
239,077 
1,792 
— 
240,869 
— 
— 
240,869 
26,207 
2020
N/A
(1)
Signature at Reston
Residential
Reston, VA
— 
27,076 
190,580 
2,980 
27,076 
193,560 
— 
— 
220,636 
32,887 
2018
2013
(1)
Proto Kendall Square
Residential
Cambridge, MA
— 
9,243 
127,248 
3,336 
9,245 
130,582 
— 
— 
139,827 
21,122 
2018
2015
(1)
The Lofts at Atlantic Wharf
Residential
Boston, MA
— 
3,529 
54,891 
2,598 
3,529 
57,489 
— 
— 
61,018 
20,108 
2011
2007
(1)
Boston Marriott Cambridge
Hotel
Cambridge, MA
— 
478 
37,918 
27,140 
478 
64,429 
629 
— 
65,536 
52,309 
1986/2017
1997
(1)
Kendall Center Green 
Garage
Garage
Cambridge, MA
— (2)
— 
35,035 
6,921 
— 
41,956 
— 
— 
41,956 
19,665 
1984
2006
(1)
Kendall Center Yellow 
Garage
Garage
Cambridge, MA
— 
1,256 
15,697 
962 
1,256 
16,659 
— 
— 
17,915 
7,997 
2006
2004
(1)
290 Binney Street
Development
Cambridge, MA
— 
— 
— 
575,542 
638 
— 
— 
574,904 
575,542 
— 
N/A
1997
N/A
121 Broadway
Development
Cambridge, MA
— 
— 
— 
102,843 
— 
— 
— 
102,843 
102,843 
— 
N/A
1997
N/A
Reston Next Office Phase II
Development
Reston, VA
— 
— 
— 
45,434 
1,692 
3,030 
— 
40,712 
45,434 
14 
N/A
1998
N/A
725 12th Street
Development
Washington, DC
— 
26,997 
8,369 
522 
— 
— 
— 
35,888 
35,888 
— 
1992
2024
N/A
Reston Next Retail
Development
Reston, VA
— 
— 
— 
10,293 
— 
— 
— 
10,293 
10,293 
— 
N/A
1998
N/A
343 Madison Avenue 
Land
New York, NY
— 
— 
— 
240,226 
140,558 
— 
99,668 
— 
240,226 
— 
N/A
2023
N/A
777 Harrison Street
Land
San Francisco, CA
— 
144,647 
— 
28,366 
— 
47 
172,966 
— 
173,013 
39 
N/A
2020
N/A
Back Bay Station Master 
Plan
Land
Boston, MA
— 
— 
— 
103,908 
24,808 
— 
79,100 
— 
103,908 
— 
N/A
N/A
N/A
3625-3635 Peterson Way
Land
Santa Clara, CA
— 
63,206 
— 
5,185 
— 
— 
68,391 
— 
68,391 
— 
N/A
 2016 
N/A
North First Master Plan
Land
San Jose, CA
— 
35,004 
— 
4,600 
— 
— 
39,604 
— 
39,604 
— 
N/A
 2007 
N/A
Plaza at Almaden
Land
San Jose, CA
— 
— 
— 
38,163 
— 
— 
38,163 
— 
38,163 
— 
N/A
2006
N/A
CityPoint South Master Plan
Land
Waltham, MA
— 
— 
— 
36,522 
— 
— 
36,522 
— 
36,522 
— 
N/A
N/A
N/A
Springfield Metro Center
Land
Springfield, VA
— 
— 
— 
19,913 
— 
— 
19,913 
— 
19,913 
— 
N/A
 2007 
N/A
Reston Gateway Master 
Plan
Land
Reston, VA
— 
— 
— 
17,199 
— 
— 
17,199 
— 
17,199 
— 
N/A
1998
N/A
Kendall Center Master Plan
Land
Cambridge, MA
— 
— 
— 
16,301 
— 
— 
16,301 
— 
16,301 
— 
N/A
1997
N/A
Weston Quarry
Land
Weston, MA
— 
— 
— 
1,252 
— 
— 
1,252 
— 
1,252 
— 
N/A
 2001 
N/A
Broad Run Business Park
Land
Loudoun County, VA
— 
— 
— 
1,188 
— 
— 
1,188 
— 
1,188 
— 
N/A
 1998 
N/A
Reston Overlook Master 
Plan
Land
Reston, VA
— 
— 
— 
80 
— 
— 
80 
— 
80 
— 
N/A
 2000 
N/A
Boston Properties Limited Partnership
Schedule 3—Real Estate and Accumulated Depreciation
December 31, 2024
(dollars in thousands)
Original
Costs 
Capitalized 
Subsequent 
to 
Acquisition
Land and 
Improvements
Building and 
Improvements
Land Held 
for 
Development
Development 
and 
Construction 
in Progress
Total
Accumulated 
Depreciation
Year(s) 
Built/
Renovated
Year(s) 
Acquired
Depreciable 
Lives
(Years)
Property Name
Type
Location
Encumbrances
Land
Building
188

$ 
4,276,609  (3) $ 5,716,458 
$ 15,848,823 
$ 6,589,630 
$ 
5,908,096  (4) $ 
20,768,125  (5) $ 
714,050  (6) $ 
764,640 
$ 28,154,911 
$ 
7,355,327 
Boston Properties Limited Partnership
Schedule 3—Real Estate and Accumulated Depreciation
December 31, 2024
(dollars in thousands)
Original
Costs 
Capitalized 
Subsequent 
to 
Acquisition
Land and 
Improvements
Building and 
Improvements
Land Held 
for 
Development
Development 
and 
Construction 
in Progress
Total
Accumulated 
Depreciation
Year(s) 
Built/
Renovated
Year(s) 
Acquired
Depreciable 
Lives
(Years)
Property Name
Type
Location
Encumbrances
Land
Building
Note: Total Real Estate does not include Furniture, Fixtures and Equipment totaling approximately $57,136.  Accumulated Depreciation does not include approximately $42,555 of accumulated depreciation 
related to Furniture, Fixtures and Equipment. Office type includes office, life sciences, and retail properties.
The aggregate cost and accumulated depreciation for tax purposes was approximately $28.9 billion and $7.1 billion, respectively.
(1)
Depreciation of the buildings and improvements are calculated over lives ranging from the life of the lease to 40 years.
(2)
This property is encumbered with the mortgage note shown at 355 Main Street.
(3)
Includes unamortized deferred financing costs and fair value debt adjustment totaling approximately $(25.7) million.
(4)
Includes Right of Use Assets - Finance Leases and Right of Use Assets - Operating Leases of approximately $349,314 and $334,767, respectively.
(5)
Includes Right of Use Assets - Finance Leases of approximately $23,608.
(6)
Includes pre-development costs.
189

Boston Properties Limited Partnership
Real Estate and Accumulated Depreciation
December 31, 2024, 2023 and 2022  
(dollars in thousands)
A summary of activity for real estate and accumulated depreciation is as follows:
 
2024
2023
2022
Real Estate:
Balance at the beginning of the year
$ 
27,055,206 $ 
25,376,700 $ 
23,734,833 
Additions to/improvements of real estate
 
1,210,558  
1,811,036  
2,228,000 
Assets sold/written-off
 
(110,853)  
(132,530)  
(586,133) 
Balance at the end of the year
$ 
28,154,911 $ 
27,055,206 $ 
25,376,700 
Accumulated Depreciation:
Balance at the beginning of the year
$ 
6,718,037 $ 
6,143,384 $ 
5,736,240 
Depreciation expense
 
748,143  
707,183  
638,538 
Assets sold/written-off
 
(110,853)  
(132,530)  
(231,394) 
Balance at the end of the year
$ 
7,355,327 $ 
6,718,037 $ 
6,143,384 
Note: Real Estate and Accumulated Depreciation amounts do not include Furniture, Fixtures and Equipment.
  
190

(b) Exhibits
 
 
2.1 —
Transfer Agreement, dated May 31, 2013, by and among BP 767 Fifth LLC, Sungate Fifth Avenue 
LLC, 767 LLC and BP/DC 767 Fifth LLC. (Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 2.1 to the Current 
Report on Form 8-K of Boston Properties, Inc. filed on June 3, 2013.)
 
2.2 —
Purchase and Sale Agreement by and among NBIM Walker 601 LEX NYC LLC, NBIM Walker 100 
FED BOS LLC, NBIM Walker ATW BOS LLC and Boston Properties Limited Partnership, dated 
September 16, 2014. (Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 2.1 to the Current Report on Form 8-K 
of Boston Properties Limited Partnership filed on September 18, 2014.)
 
3.1 —
Form of Amended and Restated Certificate of Incorporation of Boston Properties, Inc. 
(Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 3.1 to Boston Properties, Inc.’s Registration Statement on 
Form S-11, File No. 333-25279.)
 
3.2 —
Amended and Restated Certificate of Designations of Series E Junior Participating Cumulative 
Preferred Stock of Boston Properties, Inc. (Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 3.1 to Boston 
Properties, Inc.’s Current Report on Form 8-K filed on June 18, 2007.)
 
3.3 —
Certificate of Amendment of Amended and Restated Certificate of Incorporation of Boston 
Properties, Inc. (Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 3.1 to Boston Properties, Inc.’s Current 
Report on Form 8-K filed on May 20, 2010.)
 
3.4 —
Certificate of Designations of 92,000 shares of 5.25% Series B Cumulative Redeemable Preferred 
Stock of Boston Properties, Inc. (Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 3.3 to the Registration 
Statement on Form 8-A of Boston Properties, Inc. filed on March 22, 2013.)
 
3.5 —
Certificate of Amendment to Boston Properties, Inc.’s Amended and Restated Certificate of 
Incorporation (Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 3.1 to the Current Report on Form 8-K of 
Boston Properties, Inc. and Boston Properties Limited Partnership filed on June 20, 2024.)
 
3.6 —
Amended and Restated By-laws of BXP, Inc. (Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 3.1 to the 
Current Report on Form 8-K of BXP, Inc. and Boston Properties Limited Partnership filed on July 
25, 2024.)
 
3.7 —
Form of Certificate of Designations for Series A Preferred Stock. (Incorporated by reference to 
Exhibit 99.26 to Boston Properties, Inc.’s Current Report on Form 8-K filed on November 25, 
1998.)
 
4.1 —
Form of Common Stock Certificate. (Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 4.3 to Boston Properties, 
Inc.’s Registration Statement on Form S-11, File No. 333-25279.)
 
4.2 —
Description of the Securities of BXP, Inc. and Boston Properties Limited Partnership (Filed 
herewith.)
 
4.3 —
Indenture, dated as of December 13, 2002, by and between Boston Properties Limited Partnership 
and The Bank of New York, as Trustee. (Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 4.1 to Boston 
Properties, Inc.’s Current Report on Form 8-K/A filed on December 13, 2002.)
 
4.4 —
Supplemental Indenture No. 14, dated as of June 27, 2013, between Boston Properties Limited 
Partnership and The Bank of New York Mellon Trust Company, N.A., as Trustee, including a form 
of the 3.800% Senior Note due 2024. (Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 4.1 to the Current 
Report on Form 8-K of Boston Properties Limited Partnership filed on July 1, 2013.)
 
4.5 —
Supplemental Indenture No. 15, dated as of January 20, 2016, between Boston Properties Limited 
Partnership and The Bank of New York Mellon Trust Company, N.A., as Trustee, including a form 
of the 3.650% Senior Note due 2026. (Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 4.1 to the Current 
Report on Form 8-K of Boston Properties Limited Partnership filed on January 20, 2016.)
 
4.6 —
Supplemental Indenture No. 16, dated as of August 17, 2016, between Boston Properties Limited 
Partnership and The Bank of New York Mellon Trust Company, N.A., as Trustee; including a form 
of the 2.750% Senior Note due 2026. (Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 4.1 to the Current 
Report on Form 8-K of Boston Properties Limited Partnership and Boston Properties, Inc. filed on 
August 17, 2016.)
 
4.7 —
Supplemental Indenture No. 17, dated as of December 4, 2017, between Boston Properties 
Limited Partnership and The Bank of New York Mellon Trust Company, N.A., as Trustee; including 
a form of the 3.200% Senior Note due 2025. (Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 4.1 to the 
Current Report on Form 8-K of Boston Properties Limited Partnership and Boston Properties, Inc. 
filed on December 4, 2017.)
 
4.8 —
Supplemental Indenture No. 18, dated as of November 28, 2018, between Boston Properties 
Limited Partnership and The Bank of New York Mellon Trust Company, N.A., as Trustee; including 
a form of the 4.500% Senior Note due 2028. (Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 4.1 to the 
Current Report on Form 8-K of Boston Properties Limited Partnership and Boston Properties, Inc. 
filed on November 28, 2018.)
  
191

4.9 —
Supplemental Indenture No. 19, dated as of June 21, 2019, between Boston Properties Limited 
Partnership and The Bank of New York Mellon Trust Company, N.A., as Trustee; including a form 
of the 3.400% Senior Note due 2029. (Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 4.1 to the Current 
Report on Form 8-K of Boston Properties Limited Partnership and Boston Properties, Inc. filed on 
June 21, 2019.)
4.10 —
Supplemental Indenture No. 20, dated as of September 3, 2019, between Boston Properties 
Limited Partnership and The Bank of New York Mellon Trust Company, N.A., as Trustee; including 
a form of the 2.900% Senior Note due 2030. (Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 4.1 to the 
Current Report on Form 8-K of Boston Properties Limited Partnership and Boston Properties, Inc. 
filed on September 3, 2019.) 
 
4.11 —
Supplemental Indenture No. 21, dated as of May 5, 2020, between Boston Properties Limited 
Partnership and The Bank of New York Mellon Trust Company, N.A., as Trustee; including a form 
of the 3.250% Senior Note due 2031. (Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 4.1 to the Current 
Report on Form 8-K of Boston Properties, Inc. and Boston Properties Limited Partnership filed on 
May 5, 2020.)
 
4.12 —
Supplemental Indenture No. 22, dated as of March 16, 2021, between Boston Properties Limited 
Partnership and The Bank of New York Mellon Trust Company, N.A., as Trustee; including a form 
of the 2.550% Senior Note due 2032. (Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 4.1 to the Current 
Report on Form 8-K of Boston Properties, Inc. and Boston Properties Limited Partnership filed on 
March 16, 2021.)
 
4.13 —
Supplemental Indenture No. 23, dated as of September 29, 2021, between Boston Properties 
Limited Partnership and The Bank of New York Mellon Trust Company, N.A., as Trustee; including 
a form of the 2.450% Senior Note due 2033. (Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 4.1 to the 
Current Report on Form 8-K of Boston Properties, Inc. and Boston Properties Limited Partnership 
filed on September 29, 2021.)
 
4.14 —
Supplemental Indenture No. 24, dated as of November 17, 2022, between Boston Properties 
Limited Partnership and The Bank of New York Mellon Trust Company, N.A., as Trustee; including 
a form of the 6.750% Senior Note due 2027. (Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 4.1 to the 
Current Report on Form 8-K of Boston Properties, Inc. and Boston Properties Limited Partnership 
filed on November 17, 2022.)
 
4.15 —
Supplemental Indenture No. 25, dated as of May 15, 2023, between Boston Properties Limited 
Partnership and The Bank of New York Mellon Trust Company, N.A., as Trustee; including a form 
of the 6.500% Senior Note due 2034. (Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 4.1 to the Current 
Report on Form 8-K of Boston Properties, Inc. and Boston Properties Limited Partnership filed on 
May 15, 2023.)
4.16 —
Supplemental Indenture No. 26, dated as of August 26, 2024, between Boston Properties Limited 
Partnership and The Bank of New York Mellon Trust Company, N.A., as Trustee; including a form 
of the 5.750% Senior Note due 2035. (Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 4.1 to the Current 
Report on Form 8-K of BXP, Inc. and Boston Properties Limited Partnership filed on August 26, 
2024.)
 
10.1 —
Second Amended and Restated Agreement of Limited Partnership of Boston Properties Limited 
Partnership, dated as of June 29, 1998. (Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 99.1 to Boston 
Properties, Inc.’s Current Report on Form 8-K filed on July 15, 1998.)
 
10.2 —
Certificate of Designations for the Series Four Preferred Units, dated as of August 29, 2012, 
constituting an amendment to the Second Amended and Restated Agreement of Limited 
Partnership of Boston Properties Limited Partnership. (Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.1 to 
the Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q of Boston Properties, Inc. filed on November 8, 2012.)
 
10.3 —
Certificate of Designations for the 5.25% Series B Cumulative Redeemable Preferred Units, dated 
as of March 20, 2013, constituting an amendment to the Second Amended and Restated 
Agreement of Limited Partnership of Boston Properties Limited Partnership. (Incorporated by 
reference to Exhibit 10.1 to the Current Report on Form 8-K of Boston Properties, Inc. filed on 
March 22, 2013.)
 
10.4 —
Forty-Seventh Amendment to the Second Amended and Restated Agreement of Limited 
Partnership of Boston Properties Limited Partnership, dated as of April 11, 2003, by Boston 
Properties, Inc., as general partner. (Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.1 to Boston 
Properties, Inc.’s Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q filed on August 14, 2003.)
 
10.5 —
Seventy-Seventh Amendment to the Second Amended and Restated Agreement of Limited 
Partnership of Boston Properties Limited Partnership, dated as of January 24, 2008, by Boston 
Properties, Inc., as general partner. (Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.3 to Boston 
Properties, Inc.’s Current Report on Form 8-K filed on January 29, 2008.)
  
192

 
10.6 —
Ninety-Eighth Amendment to the Second Amended and Restated Agreement of Limited 
Partnership of Boston Properties Limited Partnership, dated as of October 21, 2010. (Incorporated 
by reference to Exhibit 10.1 to Boston Properties, Inc.’s Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q filed on 
November 5, 2010.)
 
10.7 —
One Hundred Forty-Ninth Amendment to the Second Amended and Restated Agreement of Limited 
Partnership of Boston Properties Limited Partnership, dated as of December 15, 2017. 
(Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.7 to Boston Properties, Inc.’s Annual Report on Form 10-K 
filed on February 28, 2018.)
 
10.8 —
Two Hundred Nineteenth Amendment to the Second Amended and Restated Agreement of Limited 
Partnership of Boston Properties Limited Partnership, dated as of June 20, 2024 and effective as 
of July 1, 2024 (Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.1 to the Current Report on Form 8-K of 
Boston Properties, Inc. and Boston Properties Limited Partnership filed on June 20, 2024.)
10.9* —
Second Amendment and Restatement of Boston Properties, Inc. 1997 Stock Option and Incentive 
Plan. (Incorporated by reference to Exhibit A to Boston Properties, Inc.’s Proxy Statement on 
Schedule 14A filed on April 6, 2007.)
10.10* —
Boston Properties, Inc. 2012 Stock Option and Incentive Plan. (Incorporated by reference to 
Exhibit A to Boston Properties, Inc.’s Proxy Statement on Schedule 14A filed on March 30, 2012.)
10.11* —
Boston Properties, Inc. 2021 Stock Incentive Plan. (Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.1 to the 
Current Report on Form 8-K of Boston Properties, Inc. and Boston Properties Limited Partnership 
filed on May 20, 2021).
10.12* —
Boston Properties, Inc. 1999 Non-Qualified Employee Stock Purchase Plan. (Incorporated by 
reference to Exhibit 10.59 to Boston Properties, Inc.’s Annual Report on Form 10-K filed on March 
15, 2005.)
10.13* —
First Amendment to the Boston Properties, Inc. 1999 Non-Qualified Employee Stock Purchase 
Plan. (Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.60 to Boston Properties, Inc.’s Annual Report on 
Form 10-K filed on March 15, 2005.)
10.14* —
Second Amendment to the Boston Properties, Inc. 1999 Non-Qualified Employee Stock Purchase 
Plan. (Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.61 to Boston Properties, Inc.’s Annual Report on 
Form 10-K filed on March 15, 2005.)
10.15* —
Third Amendment to the Boston Properties, Inc. 1999 Non-Qualified Employee Stock Purchase 
Plan. (Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.3 to the Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q of Boston 
Properties, Inc. and Boston Properties Limited Partnership filed on August 6, 2021.)
10.16* —
Fourth Amendment to the Boston Properties, Inc. 1999 Non-Qualified Employee Stock Purchase 
Plan. (Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.1 to the Current Report on Form 8-K of Boston 
Properties, Inc. and Boston Properties Limited Partnership filed on May 24, 2024.)
10.17* —
Boston Properties Deferred Compensation Plan, Amended and Restated Effective as of January 1, 
2009. (Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.10 to Boston Properties, Inc.’s Annual Report on 
Form 10-K filed on March 2, 2009.)
10.18* —
Employment Agreement by and between Douglas T. Linde and Boston Properties, Inc. dated as of 
November 29, 2002. (Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.12 to Boston Properties, Inc.’s 
Annual Report on Form 10-K filed on February 27, 2003.)
10.19* —
First Amendment to Employment Agreement, dated as of November 1, 2007, by and between 
Boston Properties, Inc. and Douglas T. Linde. (Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.3 to Boston 
Properties, Inc.’s Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q filed on November 9, 2007.)
10.20* —
Second Amendment to Employment Agreement, dated as of December 15, 2008, by and between 
Boston Properties, Inc. and Douglas T. Linde. (Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.19 to 
Boston Properties, Inc.’s Annual Report on Form 10-K filed on March 2, 2009.)
10.21* —
Second Amended and Restated Employment Agreement, dated as of February 28, 2023, by and 
between Boston Properties, Inc. and Raymond A. Ritchey. (Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 
10.1 to the Current Report on Form 8-K of Boston Properties, Inc. and Boston Properties Limited 
Partnership filed on March 2, 2023.)
10.22* —
Employment Agreement by and between Michael E. LaBelle and Boston Properties, Inc. dated as 
of January 24, 2008. (Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.2 to Boston Properties, Inc.’s Current 
Report on Form 8-K filed on January 29, 2008.)
10.23* —
First Amendment to Employment Agreement, dated as of December 15, 2008, by and between 
Boston Properties, Inc. and Michael E. LaBelle. (Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.27 to 
Boston Properties, Inc.’s Annual Report on Form 10-K filed on March 2, 2009.)
10.24* —
Employment Agreement by and between Bryan J. Koop and Boston Properties, Inc. dated as of 
November 29, 2002. (Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.10 to Boston Properties, Inc.’s 
Annual Report on Form 10-K filed on February 27, 2003.)
  
193

10.25* —
First Amendment to Employment Agreement, dated as of November 1, 2007, by and between 
Boston Properties, Inc. and Bryan J. Koop. (Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.7 to Boston 
Properties, Inc.’s Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q filed on November 9, 2007.)
10.26* —
Second Amendment to Employment Agreement, dated as of December 15, 2008, by and between 
Boston Properties, Inc. and Bryan J. Koop. (Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.33 to Boston 
Properties, Inc.’s Annual Report on Form 10-K filed on March 2, 2009.)
10.27* —
Amended and Restated Employment Agreement by and between Owen D. Thomas and Boston 
Properties, Inc. dated as of November 4, 2023. (Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.1 to 
Boston Properties, Inc.'s Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q filed on November 7, 2023.)
10.28* —
Boston Properties, Inc. Senior Executive Severance Plan. (Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 
10.19 to Boston Properties, Inc.’s Annual Report on Form 10-K filed on February 27, 2003.)
10.29* —
First Amendment to the Boston Properties, Inc. Senior Executive Severance Plan, dated as of 
October 18, 2007. (Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.13 to Boston Properties, Inc.’s 
Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q filed on November 9, 2007.)
10.30* —
Second Amendment to the Boston Properties, Inc. Senior Executive Severance Plan, dated as of 
December 15, 2008. (Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.52 to Boston Properties, Inc.’s 
Annual Report on Form 10-K filed on March 2, 2009.)
10.31* —
Third Amendment to the Boston Properties, Inc. Senior Executive Severance Plan, dated as of 
January 8, 2014. (Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.48 to Boston Properties, Inc.’s Annual 
Report on Form 10-K filed on February 28, 2014.)
10.32* —
Boston Properties, Inc. Executive Severance Plan, dated as of July 30, 1998. (Incorporated by 
reference to Exhibit 10.20 to Boston Properties, Inc.’s Annual Report on Form 10-K filed on 
February 27, 2003.)
10.33* —
First Amendment to the Boston Properties, Inc. Executive Severance Plan, dated as of October 18, 
2007. (Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.14 to Boston Properties, Inc.’s Quarterly Report on 
Form 10-Q filed on November 9, 2007.)
10.34* —
Second Amendment to the Boston Properties, Inc. Executive Severance Plan, dated as of January 
8, 2014. (Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.51 to Boston Properties, Inc.’s Annual Report on 
Form 10-K filed on February 28, 2014.)
10.35* —
Boston Properties, Inc. Officer Severance Plan, dated as of July 30, 1998. (Incorporated by 
reference to Exhibit 10.15 to Boston Properties, Inc.’s Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q filed on 
November 9, 2007.)
10.36* —
First Amendment to the Boston Properties, Inc. Officer Severance Plan, dated as of October 18, 
2007. (Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.16 to Boston Properties, Inc.’s Quarterly Report on 
Form 10-Q filed on November 9, 2007.)
10.37* —
Second Amendment to the Boston Properties, Inc. Officer Severance Plan, dated as of December 
15, 2008. (Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.57 to Boston Properties, Inc.’s Annual Report on 
Form 10-K filed on March 2, 2009.)
10.38* —
Form of Indemnification Agreement by and among Boston Properties, Inc., Boston Properties 
Limited Partnership and certain officers and directors of the Company. (Incorporated by reference 
to Exhibit 10.43 to Boston Properties, Inc.’s Annual Report on Form 10-K filed on March 2, 2020.)
10.39* —
Director Appointment Agreement, dated as of January 20, 2011, by and between Matthew J. Lustig 
and Boston Properties, Inc. (Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.55 to Boston Properties, Inc.’s 
Annual Report on Form 10-K filed on February 25, 2011.)
10.40* —
Boston Properties, Inc. Non-Employee Director Compensation Plan. (Incorporated by reference to 
Appendix B to Boston Properties, Inc.’s Proxy Statement on Schedule 14A filed on April 6, 2022.)
 
10.41 —
Ninth Amended and Restated Credit Agreement, dated as of June 15, 2021, among Boston 
Properties Limited Partnership and the lenders identified therein. (Incorporated by reference to 
Exhibit 10.1 to the Current Report on Form 8-K of Boston Properties, Inc. and Boston Properties 
Limited Partnership filed on June 16, 2021.)
 
10.42 —
First Amendment to Ninth Amended and Restated Credit Agreement, dated as of June 1, 2023, 
among Boston Properties Limited Partnership and the lenders identified therein. (Incorporated by 
reference to Exhibit 10.1 to the Current Report on Form 8-K of Boston Properties, Inc. and Boston 
Properties Limited Partnership filed on June 6, 2023.)
 
10.43 —
Second Amendment to Ninth Amended and Restated Credit Agreement, dated as of June 27, 
2024, among Boston Properties Limited Partnership and the lenders identified therein. 
(Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.1 to the Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q of BXP, Inc. and 
Boston Properties Limited Partnership filed on November 5, 2024.)
  
194

 
10.44 —
Third Amendment to Ninth Amended and Restated Credit Agreement, dated as of August 2, 2024, 
among Boston Properties Limited Partnership and the lenders identified therein. (Incorporated by 
reference to Exhibit 10.2 to the Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q of BXP, Inc. and Boston Properties 
Limited Partnership filed on November 5, 2024.)
 
10.45 —
Credit Agreement, dated as of January 4, 2023, among Boston Properties Limited Partnership and 
the lenders identified therein. (Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.1 to the Current Report on 
Form 8-K of Boston Properties, Inc. and Boston Properties Limited Partnership filed on January 9, 
2023.)
10.46 —
First Amendment to Credit Agreement, dated as of August 2, 2024, among Boston Properties 
Limited Partnership and the lenders identified therein. (Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.3 to 
the Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q of BXP, Inc. and Boston Properties Limited Partnership filed on 
November 5, 2024.)
 
19.1 —
BXP, Inc. Insider Trading Policy (Filed herewith.)
 
21.1 —
Subsidiaries of BXP, Inc. and Boston Properties Limited Partnership (Filed herewith.)
 
23.1 —
Consent of PricewaterhouseCoopers LLP, Independent Registered Public Accounting firm for BXP, 
Inc. (Filed herewith.)
 
23.2 —
Consent of PricewaterhouseCoopers LLP, Independent Registered Public Accounting firm for 
Boston Properties Limited Partnership. (Filed herewith.)
 
31.1 —
Rule 13a-14(a)/15d-14(a) Certification of Chief Executive Officer of BXP, Inc. pursuant to Section 
302 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002. (Filed herewith.)
 
31.2 —
Rule 13a-14(a)/15d-14(a) Certification of Chief Financial Officer of BXP, Inc. pursuant to Section 
302 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002. (Filed herewith.)
 
31.3 —
Rule 13a-14(a)/15d-14(a) Certification of Chief Executive Officer of Boston Properties Limited 
Partnership pursuant to Section 302 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002. (Filed herewith.)
 
31.4 —
Rule 13a-14(a)/15d-14(a) Certification of Chief Financial Officer of Boston Properties Limited 
Partnership pursuant to Section 302 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002. (Filed herewith.)
 
32.1 —
Section 1350 Certification of Chief Executive Officer of BXP, Inc. pursuant to Section 906 of the 
Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002. (Furnished herewith.)
 
32.2 —
Section 1350 Certification of Chief Financial Officer of BXP, Inc. pursuant to Section 906 of the 
Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002. (Furnished herewith.)
 
32.3 —
Section 1350 Certification of Chief Executive Officer of Boston Properties Limited Partnership 
pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002. (Furnished herewith.)
 
32.4 —
Section 1350 Certification of Chief Financial Officer of Boston Properties Limited Partnership 
pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002. (Furnished herewith.)
 
97.1 —
Compensation Recovery Policy of Boston Properties, Inc. (Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 
97.1 to the Annual Report on Form 10-K of BXP, Inc. and Boston Properties Limited Partnership 
filed on February 27, 2024.)
101.SCH —
Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension Schema Document. (Filed herewith.)
101.CAL —
Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension Calculation Linkbase Document. (Filed herewith.)
101.LAB —
Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension Label Linkbase Document. (Filed herewith.)
101.PRE —
Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension Presentation Linkbase Document. (Filed herewith.)
101.DEF —
Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension Definition Linkbase Document. (Filed herewith.)
 
104 —
Cover Page Interactive Data File (formatted as Inline XBRL with applicable taxonomy extension 
information contained in Exhibits 101.*). (Filed herewith.)
* Indicates management contract or compensatory plan or arrangement required to be filed or incorporated by 
reference as an exhibit to this Form 10-K pursuant to Item 15(b) of Form 10-K.
Item 16.  Form 10-K Summary.
Not Applicable.  
  
195

SIGNATURES
Pursuant to the requirements of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, BXP, Inc. has duly caused this report to 
be signed on its behalf by the undersigned thereunto duly authorized.
 
BXP, INC.
February 27, 2025
/s/    MICHAEL E. LABELLE        
Michael E. LaBelle
Chief Financial Officer
(duly authorized officer and principal financial officer)
Pursuant to the requirements of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, this report has been signed below by 
the following persons on behalf of BXP, Inc., and in the capacities and on the dates indicated.
February 27, 2025
 
 
 
By:
 
 
/s/   OWEN D. THOMAS        
 
 
Owen D. Thomas
Chairman of the Board, Chief Executive Officer and 
Principal Executive Officer
 By:
 
 
/s/    DOUGLAS T. LINDE        
 
 
 
Douglas T. Linde
Director and President
By:
 
 
/s/    BRUCE W. DUNCAN
 
 
Bruce W. Duncan
Director
By:
 
 
/s/    CAROL B. EINIGER
 
 
Carol B. Einiger
Director
 By:
 
 
/s/    DIANE J. HOSKINS
 
 
 
Diane J. Hoskins
Director
 By:
 
 
/s/    MARY E. KIPP
 
 
 
Mary E. Kipp
Director
By:
 
 
    /s/    JOEL I. KLEIN 
 
 
Joel I. Klein
Director
 By:
 
 
/s/    MATTHEW J. LUSTIG        
 
 
 
Matthew J. Lustig
Director
  
196

 By:
 
 
/s/    TIMOTHY J. NAUGHTON
 
 
 
Timothy J. Naughton
Director
 By:
 
 
/s/    WILLIAM H. WALTON, III        
 
 
 
William H. Walton, III
Director
By:
 
 
/s/    DEREK A. (TONY) WEST
 
 
Derek A. (Tony) West
Director
 By:
 
 
/s/    MICHAEL E. LABELLE        
 
 
 
Michael E. LaBelle
Executive Vice President, Chief Financial Officer and
Principal Financial Officer
By:
 
 
/s/    MICHAEL R. WALSH  
 
 
Michael R. Walsh
Senior Vice President, Chief Accounting Officer and 
Principal Accounting Officer
  
197

SIGNATURES
Pursuant to the requirements of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, Boston Properties Limited Partnership 
has duly caused this report to be signed on its behalf by the undersigned thereunto duly authorized.
 
 
  
BOSTON PROPERTIES LIMITED PARTNERSHIP
By: BXP, Inc., its General Partner
February 27, 2025
  
/s/    MICHAEL E. LABELLE        
  
Michael E. LaBelle
  
Chief Financial Officer
(duly authorized officer and principal financial officer)
Pursuant to the requirements of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, this report has been signed below by 
the following persons on behalf of BXP, Inc., as general partner of Boston Properties Limited Partnership, and in the 
capacities and on the dates indicated.
February 27, 2025
 
  
By:
  
/s/   OWEN D. THOMAS        
  
Owen D. Thomas
Chairman of the Board, Chief Executive Officer and Principal 
Executive Officer
 
By:
  
/s/    DOUGLAS T. LINDE        
 
  
Douglas T. Linde
Director and President
By:
  
/s/    BRUCE W. DUNCAN
  
Bruce W. Duncan
Director
By:
  
/s/    CAROL B. EINIGER
  
Carol B. Einiger
Director
By:
  
/s/    DIANE J. HOSKINS
  
Diane J. Hoskins
Director
 
By:
  
/s/    MARY E. KIPP
 
  
Mary E. Kipp
Director
 
By:
  
    /s/    JOEL I. KLEIN 
 
  
Joel I. Klein
Director
By:
  
/s/    MATTHEW J. LUSTIG        
  
Matthew J. Lustig
Director
  
198

 
By:
  
/s/    TIMOTHY J. NAUGHTON
 
  
Timothy J. Naughton
Director
 
By:
  
/s/    WILLIAM H. WALTON, III        
 
  
William H. Walton, III
Director
By:
/s/    DEREK A. (TONY) WEST
Derek A. (Tony) West
Director
 
By:
  
/s/    MICHAEL E. LABELLE        
 
  
Michael E. LaBelle
Executive Vice President, Chief Financial Officer and
Principal Financial Officer
By:
  
/s/    MICHAEL R. WALSH  
  
Michael R. Walsh
Senior Vice President, Chief Accounting Officer and 
Principal Accounting Officer
  
199

Exhibit 31.1 
CERTIFICATION 
I, Owen D. Thomas, certify that: 
1. 
I have reviewed this Annual Report on Form 10-K of BXP, Inc.; 
2. 
Based on my knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a 
material fact necessary to make the statements made, in light of the circumstances under which such 
statements were made, not misleading with respect to the period covered by this report; 
3. 
Based on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial information included in this report, fairly 
present in all material respects the financial condition, results of operations and cash flows of the registrant as 
of, and for, the periods presented in this report; 
4. 
The registrant's other certifying officer(s) and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure 
controls and procedures (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) and internal control over 
financial reporting (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f)) for the registrant and have: 
(a) Designed such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures 
to be designed under our supervision, to ensure that material information relating to the registrant, 
including its consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to us by others within those entities, particularly 
during the period in which this report is being prepared; 
(b) Designed such internal control over financial reporting, or caused such internal control over financial 
reporting to be designed under our supervision, to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability 
of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with 
generally accepted accounting principles; 
(c) 
Evaluated the effectiveness of the registrant's disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this 
report our conclusions about the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end of 
the period covered by this report based on such evaluation; and 
(d) Disclosed in this report any change in the registrant's internal control over financial reporting that 
occurred during the registrant's most recent fiscal quarter (the registrant's fourth fiscal quarter in the case 
of an annual report) that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the registrant's 
internal control over financial reporting; and 
5. 
The registrant's other certifying officer(s) and I have disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation of internal 
control over financial reporting, to the registrant's auditors and the audit committee of the registrant's board of 
directors (or persons performing the equivalent functions): 
(a) All significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over 
financial reporting which are reasonably likely to adversely affect the registrant's ability to record, 
process, summarize and report financial information; and 
(b) Any fraud, whether or not material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant 
role in the registrant's internal control over financial reporting. 
Date: February 27, 2025 
 
                  
/s/    OWEN D. THOMAS        
Owen D. Thomas
Chief Executive Officer

Exhibit 31.2 
CERTIFICATION 
I, Michael E. LaBelle, certify that: 
1. 
I have reviewed this Annual Report on Form 10-K of BXP, Inc.; 
2. 
Based on my knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a 
material fact necessary to make the statements made, in light of the circumstances under which such 
statements were made, not misleading with respect to the period covered by this report; 
3. 
Based on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial information included in this report, fairly 
present in all material respects the financial condition, results of operations and cash flows of the registrant as 
of, and for, the periods presented in this report; 
4. 
The registrant's other certifying officer(s) and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure 
controls and procedures (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) and internal control over 
financial reporting (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f)) for the registrant and have: 
(a) Designed such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures 
to be designed under our supervision, to ensure that material information relating to the registrant, 
including its consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to us by others within those entities, particularly 
during the period in which this report is being prepared; 
(b) Designed such internal control over financial reporting, or caused such internal control over financial 
reporting to be designed under our supervision, to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability 
of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with 
generally accepted accounting principles; 
(c) 
Evaluated the effectiveness of the registrant's disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this 
report our conclusions about the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end of 
the period covered by this report based on such evaluation; and 
(d) Disclosed in this report any change in the registrant's internal control over financial reporting that 
occurred during the registrant's most recent fiscal quarter (the registrant's fourth fiscal quarter in the case 
of an annual report) that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the registrant's 
internal control over financial reporting; and 
5. 
The registrant's other certifying officer(s) and I have disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation of internal 
control over financial reporting, to the registrant's auditors and the audit committee of the registrant's board of 
directors (or persons performing the equivalent functions): 
(a) All significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over 
financial reporting which are reasonably likely to adversely affect the registrant's ability to record, 
process, summarize and report financial information; and 
(b) Any fraud, whether or not material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant 
role in the registrant's internal control over financial reporting. 
Date: February 27, 2025 
 
                  
/s/    MICHAEL E. LABELLE      
Michael E. LaBelle
Chief Financial Officer
 

Exhibit 31.3 
CERTIFICATION 
I, Owen D. Thomas, certify that: 
1. 
I have reviewed this Annual Report on Form 10-K of Boston Properties Limited Partnership; 
2. 
Based on my knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a 
material fact necessary to make the statements made, in light of the circumstances under which such 
statements were made, not misleading with respect to the period covered by this report; 
3. 
Based on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial information included in this report, fairly 
present in all material respects the financial condition, results of operations and cash flows of the registrant as 
of, and for, the periods presented in this report; 
4. 
The registrant's other certifying officer(s) and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure 
controls and procedures (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) and internal control over 
financial reporting (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f)) for the registrant and have: 
(a) Designed such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures 
to be designed under our supervision, to ensure that material information relating to the registrant, 
including its consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to us by others within those entities, particularly 
during the period in which this report is being prepared; 
(b) Designed such internal control over financial reporting, or caused such internal control over financial 
reporting to be designed under our supervision, to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability 
of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with 
generally accepted accounting principles; 
(c) 
Evaluated the effectiveness of the registrant's disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this 
report our conclusions about the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end of 
the period covered by this report based on such evaluation; and 
(d) Disclosed in this report any change in the registrant's internal control over financial reporting that 
occurred during the registrant's most recent fiscal quarter (the registrant's fourth fiscal quarter in the case 
of an annual report) that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the registrant's 
internal control over financial reporting; and 
5. 
The registrant's other certifying officer(s) and I have disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation of internal 
control over financial reporting, to the registrant's auditors and the audit committee of the registrant's board of 
directors (or persons performing the equivalent functions): 
(a) All significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over 
financial reporting which are reasonably likely to adversely affect the registrant's ability to record, 
process, summarize and report financial information; and 
(b) Any fraud, whether or not material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant 
role in the registrant's internal control over financial reporting. 
Date: February 27, 2025 
 
                  
/s/    OWEN D. THOMAS 
Owen D. Thomas
Chief Executive Officer of BXP, Inc.
General Partner of Boston Properties Limited 
Partnership

Exhibit 31.4
CERTIFICATION 
I, Michael E. LaBelle, certify that: 
1. 
I have reviewed this Annual Report on Form 10-K of Boston Properties Limited Partnership; 
2. 
Based on my knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a 
material fact necessary to make the statements made, in light of the circumstances under which such 
statements were made, not misleading with respect to the period covered by this report; 
3. 
Based on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial information included in this report, fairly 
present in all material respects the financial condition, results of operations and cash flows of the registrant as 
of, and for, the periods presented in this report; 
4. 
The registrant's other certifying officer(s) and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure 
controls and procedures (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) and internal control over 
financial reporting (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f)) for the registrant and have: 
(a) Designed such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures 
to be designed under our supervision, to ensure that material information relating to the registrant, 
including its consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to us by others within those entities, particularly 
during the period in which this report is being prepared; 
(b) Designed such internal control over financial reporting, or caused such internal control over financial 
reporting to be designed under our supervision, to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability 
of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with 
generally accepted accounting principles; 
(c) 
Evaluated the effectiveness of the registrant's disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this 
report our conclusions about the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end of 
the period covered by this report based on such evaluation; and 
(d) Disclosed in this report any change in the registrant's internal control over financial reporting that 
occurred during the registrant's most recent fiscal quarter (the registrant's fourth fiscal quarter in the case 
of an annual report) that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the registrant's 
internal control over financial reporting; and 
5. 
The registrant's other certifying officer(s) and I have disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation of internal 
control over financial reporting, to the registrant's auditors and the audit committee of the registrant's board of 
directors (or persons performing the equivalent functions): 
(a) All significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over 
financial reporting which are reasonably likely to adversely affect the registrant's ability to record, 
process, summarize and report financial information; and 
(b) Any fraud, whether or not material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant 
role in the registrant's internal control over financial reporting. 
Date: February 27, 2025 
 
                  
/s/    MICHAEL E. LABELLE 
Michael E. LaBelle
Chief Financial Officer of BXP, Inc.
General Partner of Boston Properties Limited 
Partnership

Exhibit 32.2 
CERTIFICATION PURSUANT TO 18 U.S.C. SECTION 1350, AS ADOPTED PURSUANT TO 
SECTION 906 OF THE SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF 2002 
The undersigned officer of BXP, Inc. (the “Company”) hereby certifies to his knowledge that the Company's 
Annual Report on Form 10-K for the period ended December 31, 2024 (the “Report”), as filed with the Securities 
and Exchange Commission on the date hereof, fully complies with the requirements of Section 13(a) or 15(d), as 
applicable, of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended, and that the information contained in the Report 
fairly presents, in all material respects, the financial condition and results of operations of the Company. This 
certification shall not be deemed “filed” for any purpose, nor shall it be deemed to be incorporated by reference into 
any filing under the Securities Act of 1933 or the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 regardless of any general 
incorporation language in such filing. 
Date: February 27, 2025 
 
                  
/s/    MICHAEL E. LABELLE        
Michael E. LaBelle
Chief Financial Officer

Exhibit 32.1 
CERTIFICATION PURSUANT TO 18 U.S.C. SECTION 1350, AS ADOPTED PURSUANT TO
SECTION 906 OF THE SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF 2002 
The undersigned officer of BXP, Inc. (the “Company”) hereby certifies to his knowledge that the Company’s 
Annual Report on Form 10-K for the period ended December 31, 2024 (the “Report”), as filed with the Securities 
and Exchange Commission on the date hereof, fully complies with the requirements of Section 13(a) or 15(d), as 
applicable, of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended, and that the information contained in the Report 
fairly presents, in all material respects, the financial condition and results of operations of the Company. This 
certification shall not be deemed “filed” for any purpose, nor shall it be deemed to be incorporated by reference into 
any filing under the Securities Act of 1933 or the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 regardless of any general 
incorporation language in such filing. 
Date: February 27, 2025 
 
                  
/s/    OWEN D. THOMAS        
Owen D. Thomas
Chief Executive Officer
 

 
Exhibit 32.3 
CERTIFICATION PURSUANT TO 18 U.S.C. SECTION 1350, AS ADOPTED PURSUANT TO 
SECTION 906 OF THE SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF 2002 
The undersigned officer of BXP, Inc., the sole general partner of Boston Properties Limited Partnership (the 
“Operating Partnership”), hereby certifies to his knowledge that the Operating Partnership's Annual Report on 
Form 10-K for the period ended December 31, 2024 (the “Report”), as filed with the Securities and Exchange 
Commission on the date hereof, fully complies with the requirements of Section 13(a) or 15(d), as applicable, of the 
Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended, and that the information contained in the Report fairly presents, in all 
material respects, the financial condition and results of operations of the Operating Partnership. This certification 
shall not be deemed “filed” for any purpose, nor shall it be deemed to be incorporated by reference into any filing 
under the Securities Act of 1933 or the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 regardless of any general incorporation 
language in such filing. 
Date: February 27, 2025 
 
                  
/s/    OWEN D. THOMAS        
Owen D. Thomas
Chief Executive Officer of BXP, Inc.
General Partner of Boston Properties Limited 
Partnership

 
Exhibit 32.4 
CERTIFICATION PURSUANT TO 18 U.S.C. SECTION 1350, AS ADOPTED PURSUANT TO 
SECTION 906 OF THE SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF 2002 
The undersigned officer of BXP, Inc., the sole general partner of Boston Properties Limited Partnership (the 
“Operating Partnership”), hereby certifies to his knowledge that the Operating Partnership’s Annual Report on 
Form 10-K for the period ended December 31, 2024 (the “Report”), as filed with the Securities and Exchange 
Commission on the date hereof, fully complies with the requirements of Section 13(a) or 15(d), as applicable, of the 
Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended, and that the information contained in the Report fairly presents, in all 
material respects, the financial condition and results of operations of the Operating Partnership. This certification 
shall not be deemed “filed” for any purpose, nor shall it be deemed to be incorporated by reference into any filing 
under the Securities Act of 1933 or the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 regardless of any general incorporation 
language in such filing. 
Date: February 27, 2025 
 
                  
/s/    MICHAEL E. LABELLE        
Michael E. LaBelle
Chief Financial Officer of BXP, Inc.
General Partner of Boston Properties Limited 
Partnership

Disclosures Relating to Non-GAAP Financial Measures
This section contains certain non-GAAP financial measures and other terms that the Company uses in this Annual 
Report and, if applicable, the reasons why management believes these non-GAAP financial measures provide useful 
information to investors about the Company’s financial condition and results of operations and the other purposes for 
which management uses the measures. The Company’s definitions may differ from those used by other companies and, 
therefore, may not be comparable. 
The Company also presents “BXP’s Share” of certain of these measures, which are non-GAAP financial 
measures that are calculated as the consolidated amount calculated in accordance with GAAP, plus the Company’s share 
of the amount from the Company’s unconsolidated joint ventures (calculated based upon the Company’s percentage 
ownership interest and, in some cases, after priority allocations), minus the Company’s partners’ share of the amount from 
the Company’s consolidated joint ventures (calculated based upon the partners’ percentage ownership interests and, in 
some cases, after income allocation to private REIT shareholders and their share of fees due to the Company). 
Management believes that presenting “BXP’s Share” of these measures provides useful information to investors regarding 
the Company’s financial condition and/or results of operations because the Company has several significant joint ventures 
and, in some cases, the Company exercises significant influence over, but does not control, the joint venture, in which 
case GAAP requires that the Company account for the joint venture entity using the equity method of accounting and the 
Company does not consolidate it for financial reporting purposes.  In other cases, GAAP requires that the Company 
consolidate the venture even though the Company’s partner(s) owns a significant percentage interest.  As a result, 
management believes that presenting BXP’s Share of various financial measures in this manner can help investors better 
understand the Company’s financial condition and/or results of operations after taking into account its true economic 
interest in these joint ventures.  The Company cautions investors that the ownership percentages used in calculating 
“BXP’s Share” of these measures may not completely and accurately depict all of the legal and economic implications of 
holding an interest in a consolidated or unconsolidated joint venture.  For example, in addition to partners’ interests in 
profits and capital, venture agreements vary in the allocation of rights regarding decision making (both routine and major 
decisions), distributions, transferability of interests, financings and guarantees, liquidations and other matters.  As a result, 
presentations of “BXP’s Share” of a financial measure should not be considered a substitute for, and should only be 
considered together with and as a supplement to, the Company’s financial information presented in accordance with 
GAAP.  
The Company may also present “BXP's Share” of certain operating metrics, such as occupancy and leased 
percentages based upon square footage.  Amounts are calculated based on our consolidated portfolio square feet, plus 
our share of the square feet from the unconsolidated joint venture properties (calculated based on our ownership 
percentage), minus our partners’ share of square feet from our consolidated joint venture properties (calculated based 
upon the partners’ percentage ownership interests).  
Earnings Before Interest, Taxes, Depreciation and Amortization for Real Estate (EBITDAre) 
Pursuant to the definition of Earnings Before Interest, Taxes, Depreciation and Amortization for Real Estate adopted by 
the Board of Governors of the National Association of Real Estate Investment Trusts (“Nareit”), the Company calculates 
EBITDAre as net income attributable to BXP, Inc., the most directly comparable GAAP financial measure, plus net income 
attributable to noncontrolling interests, interest expense, depreciation and amortization expense, impairment loss and 
adjustments to reflect the Company’s share of EBITDAre from unconsolidated joint ventures less gains on sales of real 
estate.  EBITDAre is a non-GAAP financial measure.  The Company uses EBITDAre internally as a performance measure 
and believes EBITDAre provides useful information to investors regarding its financial condition and results of operations 
at the corporate level because, when compared across periods, EBITDAre reflects the impact on operations from trends in 
occupancy rates, rental rates, operating costs, general and administrative expenses and acquisition and development 
activities on an unleveraged basis, providing perspective not immediately apparent from net income attributable to BXP, 
Inc.   
The Company’s computation of EBITDAre may not be comparable to EBITDAre reported by other REITs or real estate 
companies that do not define the term in accordance with the current Nareit definition or that interpret the current Nareit 
definition differently.  The Company believes that in order to facilitate a clear understanding of its operating results, 
EBITDAre should be examined in conjunction with net income attributable to BXP, Inc. as presented in the Company’s 
consolidated financial statements. EBITDAre should not be considered a substitute to net income attributable to BXP, Inc. 
in accordance with GAAP or any other GAAP financial measures and should only be considered together with and as a 
supplement to the Company’s financial information prepared in accordance with GAAP. 

Funds Available for Distribution (FAD)
In addition to Funds from Operations (FFO), which is defined on page 90 within the Form 10-K, the Company presents 
Funds Available for Distribution to common shareholders and common unitholders (FAD), which is a non-GAAP financial 
measure that is calculated by (1) adding to FFO lease transaction costs that qualify as rent inducements, non-real estate 
depreciation and amortization, non-cash losses (gains) from early extinguishments of debt, stock-based compensation 
expense, partners' share of consolidated and unconsolidated joint venture 2nd generation tenant improvement and 
leasing commissions (included in the period in which the lease commences) and unearned portion of capitalized fees, (2) 
eliminating the effects of straight-line rent, straight-line ground rent expense adjustment (excluding prepaid ground rent 
expense), hedge amortization, fair value interest adjustment, fair value lease revenue and amortization and accretion 
related to sales type lease receivable, and (3) subtracting maintenance capital expenditures, hotel improvements, 
equipment upgrades and replacements, 2nd generation tenant improvement and leasing commissions (included in the 
period in which the lease commences), non-cash termination income adjustment (fair value lease amounts) and 
impairments of non-depreciable real estate.  The Company believes that the presentation of FAD provides useful 
information to investors regarding the Company’s results of operations because FAD provides supplemental information 
regarding the Company’s operating performance that would not otherwise be available and may be useful to investors in 
assessing the Company’s operating performance.  Additionally, although the Company does not consider FAD to be a 
liquidity measure, as it does not make adjustments to reflect changes in working capital or the actual timing of the 
payment of income or expense items that are accrued in the period, the Company believes that FAD may provide 
investors with useful supplemental information regarding the Company’s ability to generate cash from its operating 
performance and the impact of the Company’s operating performance on its ability to make distributions to its 
shareholders. Furthermore, the Company believes that FAD is frequently used by analysts, investors and other interested 
parties in the evaluation of its performance as a REIT and, as a result, by presenting FAD the Company is assisting these 
parties in their evaluation.  FAD should not be considered as a substitute for net income attributable to BXP, Inc.'s 
determined in accordance with GAAP or any other GAAP financial measures and should only be considered together with 
and as a supplement to the Company’s financial information prepared in accordance with GAAP.
Net Operating Income (NOI)
Refer to page 65 within the Form 10-K for an explanation of Net Operating Income (NOI) and the reasons why 
management believes NOI provides useful information to investors about the Company’s financial condition and results of 
operations and the other purposes for which management uses this measure.
Presenting NOI that exclude termination income provides investors with additional information regarding operating 
performance at a property level that allows them to compare operating performance between periods without taking into 
account termination income, which can distort the results for any given period because they generally represent multiple 
months or years of a client’s rental obligations that are paid in a lump sum in connection with a negotiated early 
termination of the client’s lease and are not reflective of the core ongoing operating performance of the Company’s 
properties rental obligations.

Reconciliation of Revenue to BXP's Share of Revenue
(unaudited and in thousands)
 
The following sets forth the reconciliation of Revenue to BXP's Share of Revenue, as used in the Annual Report, 
to the most directly comparable GAAP financial measure.
Year ended
December 31, 2024
Revenue
$ 
3,407,719 
Add:
BXP's share of revenue from unconsolidated joint ventures (“JVs”)1
 
218,377 
Less:
Partners' share of revenue from consolidated JVs2
 
322,785 
BXP's Share of Revenue
$ 
3,303,311 
______________
1  See “Unconsolidated Joint Ventures” for additional details.
2  See “Consolidated Joint Ventures” for additional details.

Reconciliation of Net Loss Attributable to BXP, Inc. to BXP's Share of Net Operating Income (“NOI”) (excluding 
termination income)
(unaudited and in thousands)
The following sets forth the reconciliation of Net Loss Attributable to BXP, Inc. to BXP's Share of NOI (excluding 
termination income), as used in the Annual Report, to the most directly comparable GAAP financial measure.  
Three months ended
December 31, 2024
Net loss attributable to BXP, Inc.
$ 
(230,019) 
Net (income) loss attributable to noncontrolling interests:
Noncontrolling interest - common units of the Operating Partnership
 
(25,031) 
Noncontrolling interests in property partnerships
 
17,233 
Net income
 
(237,817) 
Add:
Interest expense
 
170,390 
Unrealized loss on non-real estate investment 
 
2 
Loss from investments in securities
 
369 
Loss from unconsolidated JVs
 
349,553 
Depreciation and amortization expense
 
226,043 
Transaction costs
 
707 
Payroll and related costs from management services contracts
 
4,398 
General and administrative expense
 
32,504 
Less:
Interest and other income (loss)
 
20,452 
Gains on sales of real estate
 
85 
Direct reimbursements of payroll and related costs from management services contracts
 
4,398 
Development and management services revenue
 
8,784 
Consolidated NOI
 
512,430 
Less:
Termination income
 
914 
Consolidated NOI (excluding termination income)
 
511,516 
Add:
BXP's share of NOI from unconsolidated JVs (excluding termination income)1
 
30,261 
Less:
Partners' share of NOI from consolidated JVs (excluding termination income and after income 
allocation to private REIT shareholders)2
 
48,248 
BXP's Share of NOI (excluding termination income)
$ 
493,529 
______________
1  See “Unconsolidated Joint Ventures” for additional details.
2  See “Consolidated Joint Ventures” for additional details.

Reconciliation of Net Income Attributable to BXP, Inc. to BXP's Share of EBITDAre 
(unaudited and in thousands)
The following sets forth the reconciliation of Net Income Attributable to BXP, Inc. to BXP's Share of EBITDAre, as 
used in the Annual Report, to the most directly comparable GAAP financial measure.
Year ended
December 31, 2024
Net income attributable to BXP, Inc.
$ 
14,272 
Net income attributable to noncontrolling interests:
Noncontrolling interest - common units of the Operating Partnership
 
2,400 
Noncontrolling interests in property partnerships
 
67,516 
Net income
 
84,188 
Add:
Interest expense
 
645,117 
Depreciation and amortization expense
 
887,191 
Impairment loss
 
13,615 
Less:
Gains on sales of real estate
 
602 
Loss from unconsolidated JVs
 
(343,177) 
Add:
BXP's share of EBITDAre from unconsolidated JVs1
 
133,965 
EBITDAre
 
2,106,651 
Less:
Partners' share of EBITDAre from consolidated JVs2
 
191,950 
BXP's Share of EBITDAre
$ 
1,914,701 
______________
1  See “Unconsolidated Joint Ventures” for additional details.
2  See “Consolidated Joint Ventures” for additional details.

Reconciliation of Funds from Operations (FFO) Attributable to the Operating Partnership Common Unitholders 
(including BXP, Inc.) to Funds Available for Distribution to Common Shareholders and Common Unitholders 
(FAD)
(unaudited and in thousands)
The following sets forth the reconciliation of Funds from Operations (FFO) Attributable to the Operating 
Partnership Common Unitholders (including BXP, Inc.) to Funds Available for Distribution to Common Shareholders and 
Common Unitholders (FAD), as used in the Annual Report.  
Refer to page 90 within the Form 10-K for a reconciliation of net income attributable to BXP, Inc. to Funds from 
Operations (FFO) attributable to the Operating Partnership common unitholders (including BXP, Inc.) and an explanation 
of Funds from Operations (FFO) and the reasons why management believes Funds from Operations (FFO) provides 
useful information to investors about the Company’s financial condition and results of operations and the other purposes 
for which management uses this measure.
Year ended
December 31, 2024
Funds from Operations (FFO) attributable to the Operating Partnership common unitholders (including BXP, 
Inc.) 
$ 
1,248,026 
Add:
Lease transaction costs that qualify as rent inducements1
 
17,278 
BXP’s share of lease transaction costs that qualify as rent inducements from unconsolidated JVs1, 2
 
329 
Partners' share of straight-line rent from consolidated JVs3
 
11,989 
Partners' share of fair value lease revenue from consolidated JVs3, 4
 
(44) 
Straight-line ground rent expense adjustment5
 
2,382 
BXP's share of straight-line ground rent expense adjustment from unconsolidated JVs2
 
552 
Stock-based compensation
 
42,593 
Non-real estate depreciation
 
(6,810) 
Fair value interest adjustment and hedge amortization
 
23,341 
BXP's share of fair value interest adjustment from unconsolidated JVs2
 
1,996 
BXP's share of hedge amortization, net of costs from unconsolidated JVs2
 
2,037 
Partners' share of second generation tenant improvements and leasing commissions from consolidated JVs  
46,232 
Unearned portion of capitalized fees from consolidated JVs3
 
6,844 
Partners' share of maintenance capital expenditures from consolidated JVs6
 
9,377 
Less:
Straight-line rent
 
105,924 
BXP’s share of straight-line rent from unconsolidated JVs2
 
8,372 
Partners' share of lease transaction costs that qualify as rent inducements from consolidated JVs1, 3
 
(43) 
Fair value lease revenue4
 
5,332 
BXP’s share of fair value lease revenue from unconsolidated JVs2, 4
 
3,991 
Non-cash termination income adjustment (fair value lease amounts)
 
189 
Partners' share of hedge amortization from consolidated JVs3
 
576 
Second generation tenant improvements and leasing commissions
 
303,791 
BXP’s share of second generation tenant improvements and leasing commissions from unconsolidated JVs
 
4,709 
Maintenance capital expenditures6
 
76,517 
BXP’s share of maintenance capital expenditures from unconsolidated JVs6
 
463 
Amortization and accretion related to sales type lease
 
992 
BXP’s share of amortization and accretion related to sales type lease from unconsolidated JVs2
 
110 
Hotel improvements, equipment upgrades and replacements
 
1,189 
Funds available for distribution to common shareholders and common unitholders (FAD)
$ 
894,010 

______________
1  Lease transaction costs are generally included in second generation tenant improvements and leasing commissions in the period in 
which the lease commences.
2  See “Unconsolidated Joint Ventures” for additional details.
3  See “Consolidated Joint Ventures” for additional details.
4  Represents the net adjustment for above- and below-market leases that are amortized over the terms of the respective leases in 
place at the property acquisition dates. 
5  For the year ended December 31, 2024, amount includes the straight-line impact of the Company’s 99-year ground and air rights 
lease related to the 100 Clarendon Street garage and Back Bay Transit Station.  The Company has allocated contractual ground 
lease payments aggregating approximately $39.0 million, which it expects to incur by the end of 2026 with no payments thereafter. 
The Company is recognizing these amounts on a straight-line basis over the 99-year term of the ground and air rights lease.
6  Maintenance capital expenditures do not include planned capital expenditures related to acquisitions and repositioning capital 
expenditures.

Unconsolidated Joint Ventures 
For the three months ended December 31, 2024
(unaudited and dollars in thousands)
Revenue
Lease 1
$ 26,331 
$ 18,264 
$ 25,239 
$ 18,132 
$ 10,866 
$ 
21,247 
$ 
120,079 
Straight-line rent
 
915 
 
(964)  
(529) 
 
507 
 
(2,323)  
(437)  
(2,831) 
Fair value lease revenue 
 
— 
 
— 
 
1,538 
 
15 
 
1,222 
 
— 
 
2,775 
Termination income
 
43 
 
— 
 
1,871 
 
— 
 
— 
 
— 
 
1,914 
Amortization and accretion related to 
sales type lease 
 
55 
 
— 
 
— 
 
— 
 
— 
 
— 
 
55 
Total lease revenue
 27,344 
 17,300 
 28,119 
 18,654 
 
9,765 
 
20,810 
 
121,992 
Parking and other
 
478 
 
1,809 
 
(122) 
 
322 
 
615 
 
783 
 
3,885 
Total rental revenue 
 27,822 
 19,109 
 27,997 
 18,976 
 10,380 
 
21,593 
 
125,877 
Expenses
Operating 
 10,322 
 
7,402 
 16,258 2  
9,379 
 
4,239 
 
8,023 
 
55,623 
Net operating income/(loss)
 17,500 
 11,707 
 11,739 
 
9,597 
 
6,141 
 
13,570 
 
70,254 
Other income/(expense)
Development and management 
services revenue
 
— 
 
— 
 
494 
 
1 
 
— 
 
13 
 
508 
Interest and other income (loss)
 
389 
 
1,006 
 
222 
 
(6)  
160 
 
541 
 
2,312 
Interest expense
 (10,656)  
(5,052)  (15,080) 
 
— 
 
(4,177)  
(9,923)  
(44,888) 
Unrealized gain on derivative 
instruments
 
— 
 
— 
 13,782 
 
— 
 
— 
 
— 
 
13,782 
Transaction costs
 
(8)  
— 
 
(305) 
 
— 
 
(2)  
(80)  
(395) 
Depreciation and amortization 
expense
 
(8,413)  
(5,345)  
(9,794) 
 
(7,171)  
(5,675)  
(5,457)  
(41,855) 
General and administrative expense
 
— 
 
— 
 
(69) 
 
(4)  
— 
 
— 
 
(73) 
Gain on sales-type lease 
 
— 
Total other income/(expense)
 (18,688)  
(9,391)  (10,750) 
 
(7,180)  
(9,694)  
(14,906)  
(70,609) 
Net income/(loss)
$ (1,188) $ 2,316 
$ 
989 
$ 2,417 
$ (3,553) $ 
(1,336) $ 
(355) 
Boston
Los 
Angeles
New York
San 
Francisco
Seattle
Washington, 
DC
Total 
Unconsolidated 
Joint Ventures
BXP’s share of rental revenue
$ 13,912 
$ 9,951 3 $ 8,940 3 $ 9,216 3 $ 3,495 
$ 
9,359 
$ 
54,873 
BXP’s share of operating expenses
 
5,161 
 
3,702 
 
5,942 
 
4,754 
 
1,420 
 
3,112 
 
24,091 
BXP’s share of net operating income
 
8,751 
 
6,249 3  
2,998 3  
4,462 3  
2,075 
 
6,247 
 
30,782 
Less:
BXP’s share of termination income
 
22 
 
— 
 
499 
 
— 
 
— 
 
— 
 
521 
BXP’s share of net operating income 
(excluding termination income)
$ 8,729 
$ 6,249 3 $ 2,499 3 $ 4,462 3 $ 2,075 
$ 
6,247 
$ 
30,261 
Reconciliation of BXP’s share of Net 
Operating Income (excluding 
termination income)
______________
1 Lease revenue includes recoveries from tenants and service income from tenants. 
2 Includes approximately $272 of straight-line ground rent expense. 
3 The Company’s purchase price allocation under ASC 805 for certain joint ventures differs from the historical basis of the venture.

Unconsolidated Joint Ventures 
For the year ended December 31, 2024
(unaudited and dollars in thousands)
Boston
Los 
Angeles
New York
San 
Francisco
Seattle
Washington, 
DC
Total 
Unconsolidated 
Joint Ventures
Revenue
Lease 1
$ 104,190 
$ 75,982 
$ 92,944 
$ 60,613 
$ 32,680 
$ 
80,893 
$ 
447,302 
Straight-line rent
 
4,140 
 
(3,435) 
 
4,351 
 
9,699 
 
(943)  
21,531 
 
35,343 
Fair value lease revenue 
 
— 
 
— 
 
6,152 
 
61 
 
4,476 
 
— 
 
10,689 
Termination income
 
43 
 
— 
 
7,190 
 
— 
 
— 
 
153 
 
7,386 
Amortization and accretion related 
to sales type lease 
 
222 
 
— 
 
— 
 
— 
 
— 
 
— 
 
222 
Total lease revenue
 108,595 
 
72,547 
 110,637 
 
70,373 
 36,213 
 
102,577 
 
500,942 
Parking and other
 
2,918 
 
7,335 
 
404 
 
1,040 
 
2,465 
 
3,464 
 
17,626 
Total rental revenue
 111,513 
 
79,882 
 111,041 
 
71,413 
 38,678 
 
106,041 
 
518,568 
Expenses
Operating 
 40,917 
 
28,312 
 
57,712 2  
32,234 
 15,607 
 
29,414 
 
204,196 
Net operating income
 70,596 
 
51,570 
 
53,329 
 
39,179 
 23,071 
 
76,627 
 
314,372 
Other income/(expense)
Development and management 
services revenue
 
4 
 
— 
 
2,113 
 
1 
 
— 
 
22 
 
2,140 
Interest and other income (loss)
 
1,211 
 
3,516 
 
969 
 
(3)  
653 
 
2,308 
 
8,654 
Interest expense
 (45,109)  (20,100) 
 (56,501)  
— 
 (18,336)  
(36,948)  
(176,994) 
Unrealized gain on derivative 
instruments
 
— 
 
— 
 
5,570 
 
— 
 
— 
 
— 
 
5,570 
Transaction costs
 
(8)  
— 
 
(305)  
— 
 
(31)  
(112)  
(456) 
Depreciation and amortization 
expense
 (34,404)  (21,410) 
 (36,970)  (27,119)  (21,373)  
(19,480)  
(160,756) 
General and administrative 
expense
 
48 
 
(10) 
 
(425)  
(35)  
(5)  
(2)  
(429) 
Gain on sales-type lease 
 
— 
 
— 
 
— 
 
— 
 
— 
 
— 
 
— 
Loss from early extinguishment of 
debt
 
— 
 
— 
 
— 
 
— 
 
— 
 
— 
 
— 
Total other income/(expense)
 (78,258)  (38,004) 
 (85,549)  (27,156)  (39,092)  
(54,212)  
(322,271) 
Net income/(loss)
$ (7,662) $ 13,566 
$ (32,220) $ 12,023 
$ (16,021) $ 
22,415 
$ 
(7,899) 
BXP’s share of select items
BXP’s share of straight-line rent
$ 2,072 
$ (1,355) 3 $ 
3,070 3 $ 
4,785 3 $ 
(317) $ 
117 
$ 
8,372 
BXP’s share of straight-line ground 
rent expense adjustment
$ 
— 
$ 
— 
$ 
552 
$ 
— 
$ 
— 
$ 
— 
$ 
552 
BXP’s share of fair value lease 
revenue
$ 
— 
$ 
1,220 3 $ 
2,108 3 $ 
(844) 3 $ 1,507 
$ 
— 
$ 
3,991 
BXP’s share of lease transaction 
costs that qualify as rent 
inducements
$ 
— 
$ 
— 
$ 
308 
$ 
— 
$ 
— 
$ 
21 
$ 
329 
BXP's share of hedge amortization, 
net of costs
$ 
— 
$ 
— 
$ 
— 
$ 
— 
$ 2,037 
$ 
— 
$ 
2,037 
BXP's share of fair value interest 
adjustment
$ 
— 
$ 
— 
$ 
1,996 
$ 
— 
$ 
— 
$ 
— 
$ 
1,996 
BXP’s share of amortization and 
accretion related to sales type lease $ 
110 
$ 
— 
$ 
— 
$ 
— 
$ 
— 
$ 
— 
$ 
110 

Reconciliation of BXP’s share 
EBITDAre
Boston
Los 
Angeles
New York
San 
Francisco
Seattle
Washington, 
DC
Total 
Unconsolidated 
Joint Ventures
Income/(loss) from unconsolidated 
joint ventures 
$ (3,861) $ (164,484) 
$ (23,507) $ (123,592) $ (51,021) $ 
23,288 
$ 
(343,177) 
Add:
BXP’s share of interest expense
 22,556 
 
10,050 
 
20,539 
 
— 
 
6,173 
 
16,278 
 
75,596 
BXP’s share of depreciation and 
amortization expense
 17,230 
 
15,151 3  
19,338 
 
15,710 3  
6,045 
 
8,430 
 
81,904 
BXP’s share of impairment loss on 
investment 4
 
— 
 168,391 
 
— 
 126,163 
 46,784 
 
— 
 
341,338 
Less:
Gain (loss) on sale/consolidation 
 
— 
 
— 
 
— 
 
— 
 
— 
 
21,696 
 
21,696 
BXP’s share of EBITDAre
$ 35,925 
$ 29,108 3 $ 16,370 
$ 18,281 3 $ 7,981 
$ 
26,300 
$ 
133,965 
Reconciliation of BXP’s share of 
Revenue
BXP’s share of rental revenue 
$ 55,758 
$ 41,526 3 $ 35,344 3 $ 34,644 3 $ 13,022 
$ 
37,011 
$ 
217,305 
Add:
BXP’s share of development and 
management services revenue
 
2 
 
— 
 
1,057 
 
1 
 
— 
 
12 
 
1,072 
BXP’s share of revenue
$ 55,760 
$ 41,526 3 $ 36,401 3 $ 34,645 3 $ 13,022 
$ 
37,023 
$ 
218,377 
______________
1 Lease revenue includes recoveries from tenants and service income from tenants. 
2 Includes approximately $1,104 of straight-line ground rent expense. 
3 The Company’s purchase price allocation under ASC 805 for certain joint ventures differs from the historical basis of the venture.
4 Represents the other-than-temporary decline in the fair values below the carrying values of certain of the Company’s investments in 
unconsolidated joint ventures.

Consolidated Joint Ventures
For the three months ended December 31, 2024
(unaudited and dollars in thousands)
767 Fifth Avenue
Total Consolidated
(The GM Building)
Norges Joint Ventures 1
Joint Ventures
Revenue
Lease 2
$ 
76,791 
$ 
116,400 
$ 
193,191 
Straight-line rent
 
5,353 
 
(7,045) 
 
(1,692) 
Fair value lease revenue
 
(27) 
 
— 
 
(27) 
Termination income
 
— 
 
25 
 
25 
Total lease revenue
 
82,117 
 
109,380 
 
191,497 
Parking and other
 
58 
 
1,828 
 
1,886 
Total rental revenue
 
82,175 
 
111,208 
 
193,383 
Expenses
Operating
 
33,830 
 
43,321 
 
77,151 
Net operating income (NOI)
 
48,345 
 
67,887 
 
116,232 
Other income (expense)
Development and management services revenue
 
— 
 
(1,318) 
 
(1,318) 
Losses from investments in securities
 
— 
 
(20) 
 
(20) 
Interest and other income 
 
1,272 
 
2,424 
 
3,696 
Interest expense
 
(21,395) 
 
(7,666) 
 
(29,061) 
Depreciation and amortization expense
 
(17,494) 
 
(27,194) 
 
(44,688) 
General and administrative expense
 
(15) 
 
(139) 
 
(154) 
Total other income (expense)
 
(37,632) 
 
(33,913) 
 
(71,545) 
Net income
$ 
10,713 
$ 
33,974 
$ 
44,687 
BXP’s nominal ownership percentage
60.00%
55.00%
Partners’ share of NOI (after income allocation to private REIT 
shareholders) 3
$ 
18,654 
$ 
29,605 
$ 
48,259 
BXP’s share of NOI (after income allocation to private REIT 
shareholders)
$ 
29,691 
$ 
38,282 
$ 
67,973 
Unearned portion of capitalized fees 4
$ 
890 
$ 
2,150 
$ 
3,040 
Reconciliation of Partners’ share of Net Operating Income  
(NOI) (excluding termination income and after income 
allocation to private REIT shareholders) 3
Rental revenue
$ 
32,870 
$ 
50,044 
$ 
82,914 
Less:
Termination income
 
— 
 
11 
 
11 
Rental revenue (excluding termination income)
 
32,870 
 
50,033 
 
82,903 
Less:
Operating expenses (including partners’ share of 
management and other fees)
 
14,216 
 
20,470 
 
34,686 
Income allocation to private REIT shareholders
 
— 
 
(31) 
 
(31) 
NOI (excluding termination income and after income allocation 
to private REIT shareholders) 
$ 
18,654 
$ 
29,594 
$ 
48,248 
______________
1   Norges Joint Ventures include 7 Times Square (formerly Times Square Tower), 601 Lexington Avenue/One Five Nine East 53rd 
Street, 100 Federal Street, Atlantic Wharf Office, 343 Madison Avenue, 300 Binney Street, and 290 Binney Street.
2  Lease revenue includes recoveries from tenants and service income from tenants. 
3  Amounts represent the partners’ share based on their respective ownership percentage. 
4  Capitalized fees are eliminated in consolidation and recognized over the life of the asset as depreciation and amortization are added 
back to the Company’s net income.

Consolidated Joint Ventures
For the year ended December 31, 2024
(unaudited and dollars in thousands)
767 Fifth Avenue
Total Consolidated
(The GM Building)
Norges Joint Ventures 1
Joint Ventures
Revenue
Lease 2
$ 
303,592 
$ 
414,428 
$ 
718,020 
Straight-line rent
 
22,112 
 
6,989 
 
29,101 
Fair value lease revenue
 
(108) 
 
— 
 
(108) 
Termination income
 
46 
 
39 
 
85 
Total lease revenue
 
325,642 
 
421,456 
 
747,098 
Parking and other
 
154 
 
6,659 
 
6,813 
Total rental revenue
 
325,796 
 
428,115 
 
753,911 
Expenses
Operating
 
134,976 
 
168,628 
 
303,604 
Total expenses
 
134,976 
 
168,628 
 
303,604 
Net Operating Income (NOI)
 
190,820 
 
259,487 
 
450,307 
Other income (expense)
Development and management services revenue
 
70 
 
(472) 
 
(402) 
Losses from investments in securities
 
— 
 
(25) 
 
(25) 
Interest and other income 
 
5,535 
 
8,441 
 
13,976 
Loss from early extinguishment of debt
 
— 
 
— 
 
— 
Interest expense
 
(85,142) 
 
(30,512) 
 
(115,654) 
Depreciation and amortization expense
 
(69,373) 
 
(102,645) 
 
(172,018) 
Transaction costs
 
(303) 
 
(308) 
 
(611) 
Other
 
— 
 
— 
 
— 
General and administrative expense
 
(352) 
 
(561) 
 
(913) 
Total other income (expense)
 
(149,565) 
 
(126,082) 
 
(275,647) 
Net income
$ 
41,255 
$ 
133,405 
$ 
174,660 
BXP’s nominal ownership percentage
60.00%
55.00%
Partners’ share of NOI (after income allocation to private 
REIT shareholders) 3
$ 
73,627 
$ 
113,080 
$ 
186,707 
BXP’s share of NOI (after income allocation to private REIT 
shareholders)
$ 
117,193 
$ 
146,407 
$ 
263,600 
Unearned portion of capitalized fees 4
$ 
3,039 
$ 
3,805 
$ 
6,844 
Partners’ share of select items 3
Partners’ share of hedge amortization
$ 
576 
$ 
— 
$ 
576 
Partners’ share of lease transaction costs that qualify as rent 
inducements
$ 
— 
$ 
(43) 
$ 
(43) 
Partners’ share of straight-line rent 
$ 
8,844 
$ 
3,145 
$ 
11,989 
Partners’ share of fair value lease revenue
$ 
(44) 
$ 
— 
$ 
(44) 

767 Fifth Avenue
Total Consolidated
Reconciliation of Partners’ share of EBITDAre 5
(The GM Building)
Norges Joint Ventures 1
Joint Ventures
Partners’ NCI
$ 
12,495 
$ 
55,021 
$ 
67,516 
Add:
Partners’ share of interest expense after BXP’s basis 
differential
 
34,043 
 
13,731 
 
47,774 
Partners’ share of depreciation and amortization expense 
after BXP’s basis differential 
 
29,188 
 
47,472 
 
76,660 
Partners’ share of EBITDAre
$ 
75,726 
$ 
116,224 
$ 
191,950 
Reconciliation of Partners’ share of Revenue 3
Rental revenue
$ 
130,318 
$ 
192,652 
$ 
322,970 
Add: Development and management services revenue
 
28 
 
(213) 
 
(185) 
Revenue
$ 
130,346 
$ 
192,439 
$ 
322,785 
______________
1 Norges Joint Ventures include 7 Times Square (formerly Times Square Tower), 601 Lexington Avenue/One Five Nine East 53rd 
Street, 100 Federal Street, Atlantic Wharf Office, 343 Madison Avenue, 300 Binney Street, and 290 Binney Street.
2 Lease revenue includes recoveries from tenants and service income from tenants. 
3 Amounts represent the partners’ share based on their respective ownership percentage. 
4 Capitalized fees are eliminated in consolidation and recognized over the life of the asset as depreciation and amortization are added 
back to the Company’s net income.
5 Amounts represent the partners’ share based on their respective ownership percentages and are adjusted for basis differentials and 
the allocations of management and other fees and depreciation and amortization related to capitalized fees. 

CORPORATE INFORMATION
Corporate Counsel 
Goodwin Procter LLP 
100 Northern Avenue 
Boston, MA 02210 
Independent Registered 
Public Accounting Firm 
PricewaterhouseCoopers LLP
101 Seaport Boulevard
Boston, MA 02210 
Transfer Agent and Registrar 
Registered shareholders with 
questions about their account or 
inquiries related to our Dividend 
Reinvestment and Stock Purchase 
Plan should contact: 
Computershare Trust Company, N.A. 
P.O. Box 43006 
Providence, RI 02940-3006 
(888) 485-2389 
www.computershare.com 
Investor Relations 
Investor inquiries may be directed to: 
Investor Relations
BXP, Inc. 
800 Boylston Street, Suite 1900 
Boston, MA 02199 
(617) 236-3429 
investorrelations@bxp.com 
You may also contact us through our 
website at www.bxp.com 
The Annual Meeting of Shareholders 
The annual meeting of shareholders 
will be held on May 20, 2025, at 
9:00 A.M. Eastern Time at: 
2100 Pennsylvania Avenue, NW
3rd Floor Conference Center 
Washington, D.C. 20037 
Form 10-K 
The Form 10-K for BXP and its 
operating partnership, which was 
filed with the Securities and Exchange 
Commission on February 27, 2025, is 
included herein. 
Additional copies of the Annual Report 
and Form 10-K may be obtained from 
the Company free of charge by calling 
Investor Relations at (617) 236-3429; 
or by submitting a request through 
the Contact feature on the Company’s 
website at www.bxp.com.
Design: Ideas On Purpose, NY

bxp.com
BOS
LA
NY
SF
SEA
DC
Boston
800 Boylston Street 
at the Prudential Center
Boston, MA 02199
(617) 236-3300
San Francisco
Two Embarcadero Center
San Francisco, CA 94111
(415) 772-0700
Los Angeles
2800 28th Street
Santa Monica, CA 90405
(424) 330-3530
Seattle
1001 Fourth Avenue
Seattle, WA 98154
(206) 623-6936
New York
599 Lexington Avenue
New York, NY 10022
(212) 326-4000
Washington, DC
2200 Pennsylvania Avenue NW
Washington, DC 20037
(202) 585-0800

