 ` 
 
          
 
Our social and environmental reporting methodology 
 
We report annually on our approach to 
managing our material social and 
environmental issues, and on progress 
towards our BT Group Manifesto 
commitments through the BT Group plc 
Annual Report 2024 (‘AR’) and the ESG 
Addendum (‘Addendum’) to the AR. Both 
cover the period 1 April 2023 to 31 March 
2024, in line with our financial reporting.  
 
Unless we state otherwise, our reporting 
covers BT Group’s wholly owned and joint 
operations and subsidiaries. References to 
‘BT Group’, ‘BT’, ‘the group’, ‘the company’, 
‘we’ or ‘our’ are to BT Group plc and its 
subsidiaries, customer facing units, 
corporate units, or any of them as the 
context may require. 
Reporting on our ambitions and 
measures 
 
Digital skills 
25 million ambition: 
We aim to reach 25m people, with help to 
improve their digital skills, by the end of 
March 2026.  
  
Because we help people improve their 
digital skills through various interventions, 
including physical and virtual events, online 
learning resources and inspiring video 
content, the methodology to measure these 
varies depending on the format of the 
learning.  
Methods include measuring attendance 
numbers, video views and course 
completions.  
 
For larger campaigns, which may include TV 
advertising, we carry out independent 
research on a nationally representative 
sample to understand how many people’s 
digital knowledge or confidence was 
improved because of the campaign.  
 
Where we target a specific audience (e.g. 
job seekers), we may use public data 
sources, such as Office of National Statistics, 
to identify the relevant target audience, so 
that we only count those people who were 
targeted by the campaign.  
 
Where possible, we count the number of 
unique people we reach with help through a 
particular intervention. Where that isn’t 
possible, we may estimate an average 
duplication rate based on a sample of data, 
or data from a comparable activity, and 
discount this from our reach figure. For our 
large-scale campaigns, we also make 
allowances for people who we may have 
previously reached through similar 
campaigns. 
  
It isn’t generally possible to accurately 
measure if a person has been helped by 
more than one of our activities, as we don’t 
typically require registration or capture 
personal data, as this presents a barrier to 
entry. The number of people we reach with 
help may therefore have an element of 
duplication. 
 
Social contribution 
Our social contributions include, but are not 
limited to: 
- 
investment in infrastructure, activities 
and partnerships that support our 
ambitions, including people costs. 
- 
donations, sponsorships, matched 
funding, and the value of in-kind 
support given to charities, not-for-
profits, and social enterprises. 
- 
payments made to organisations who 
run projects with us and on our behalf 
that are aligned with our ambitions. 
- 
time volunteered by our people for 
good causes during working hours.  
 
People data 
Our colleague-related data within the 
Addendum is derived from our BT Group 
Human Resources people systems and is valid 
for the period 01 April 2023 to 31 March 
2024, or the snapshot date of 31 March 2024, 
whichever is relevant. The exception to this is 
pay gap data (see below), where the reporting 
period aligns with that of our Gender pay gap 
statement 2023 (bt.com/genderpaygap).   
 
Pay gap:  
Our pay gap figures have been calculated in 
line with government regulations. They show 
the mean and median pay gap (based on 
hourly rates of pay at 04 April 2023) and mean 
and median bonus gap (based on bonuses 
paid in the 12 months prior to the 04 April 
2023).  
 
Colleague diversity: 
Diversity data covers our global workforce 
for gender-related indicators, unless stated 
otherwise. Disability and ethnicity data is 
voluntarily self-declared and is UK only. 
Openreach diversity information is 
separately shown due to their significantly 
different colleague demographics, more 
typical of an engineering business. 
 
Leadership diversity: 
Our senior leadership team comprises of the 
Executive Committee (excluding executive 
directors on the Board but including the CEO, 
Openreach) and all of their direct reports 
(excluding admin roles). This totals 28 women 
(33%) and 56 men (67%). 
 
Our senior management team comprises of 
those colleagues responsible for planning, 
directing and controlling the activities of the 
group, or a strategically important part of it 
(members of our senior leadership and senior 
management teams, and directors of the 
group’s subsidiaries but excluding directors on 
the Board). This totals 196 women (35%) and 
355 men (65%), which includes 70 subsidiary 
directors (50 men and 20 women) who are not 
otherwise members of our leadership or senior 
management teams.  
 

 
 
Environmental data 
 
Net zero absolute GHG emissions: 
 Our ambition is to reduce our absolute Scope 1 
and Scope 2 greenhouse gas (GHG) emissions 
to zero by 31 March 2031, from our FY17 base 
year.  We also set a Scope 3 target, to be net zero 
in our supply chain and customer emissions by 31 
March 2041. Our progress is reported in our AR 
(pages 37-39 and 80) and in our Addendum 
(pages 6 and 10-11)  
 
GHG intensity: Our carbon emissions intensity 
ambition is that, by 31 March 2031, we’ll reduce our 
GHG Scope 1 & 2 emissions by 87% compared 
with FY17. This is measured in tonnes of CO2 
equivalent (CO2e) per unit of gross value added; 
where value added = EBITDA adjusted (before 
specific items) + colleague costs (£millions). This 
ambition was approved by the Science Based 
Target Initiative (SBTI) in 2017, as being BT 
Group’s share of the reductions needed to limit 
global warming to no more than 1.5°C. 
 
EBITDA: This is calculated using the mandated 
IFRS 16 International Financial Reporting 
Standard (previously IAS 17). 
 
Supply chain emissions: We have committed 
to reducing our Scope 3 supply chain GHG 
emissions (categories 1-8) by 42% by 31 March 
2031 from a FY17 baseline. Our original target 
of a 29% reduction was SBTI approved, in 2017, 
and in 2020 we increased our ambition and set a 
new target of a 42% reduction by 2031 against 
FY17 baseline. We have submitted our long-
term net zero targets to the SBTi for validation.  
 
GHG emissions: To calculate and report on our 
end-to-end CO2e emissions, we: 
- 
report GHG covered by the Kyoto Protocol, 
using the World Resources Institute 
Greenhouse Gas Protocol (GHGP) 
Corporate Accounting and Reporting 
Standard (revised edition), and the GHGP 
Corporate Value Chain (Scope 3) Standard.   
Our full Scope 3 accounting and reporting 
methodology is available on our website  
bt.com/esgaddendum 
- 
use conversion factors: 
in the UK: as published annually by the 
Department for Business, Energy and 
Industrial Strategy (BEIS). 
for other countries: specific national or 
contract factors where appropriate or are 
based on World CO2e emission factors from 
electricity generation and fuel combustion, 
developed by the International Energy 
Agency (IEA)©, OECD/IEA 2018 (Note: any 
calculations undertaken by BT Group plc do 
not necessarily reflect the views of the IEA).   
 
We report our emissions in relation to direct and 
indirect GHG emissions: 
Tenants:  exclude emissions from energy 
charged to our tenants. 
Scope 1: direct emissions (such as from 
combustion in owned or controlled boilers 
and vehicles). 
Scope 2: indirect emissions associated with 
electricity (including electric vehicles), 
heating/cooling, or steam for our own 
consumption, which we report – in line with 
the GHG Scope 2 guidelines – using both the 
market-based and location-based 
methods (in the environmental data tables 
on our website).  
Scope 3: all other indirect emissions. 
To improve the accuracy of our downstream 
emissions reporting, we have recategorised 
hardware that isn’t sold to the end users (leased 
customer premises equipment (CPE) and 
devices under managed services) from the 'Use 
of sold products’ category into the ‘Downstream 
leased assets’ category in accordance with the 
GHGP Corporate Value Chain (Scope 3) 
Standard.  
 
SECR: In compliance with FY20 UK Government 
mandatory Streamline Energy and Carbon 
Reporting (SECR) requirements, our Scope 2 
includes all sites and countries where we 
consume electricity, updated back to FY17.  
Where our actual consumption is unknown, 
mainly in landlord-controlled sites, we take the 
following approach:  
- 
in non-UK countries we estimate 
consumption, based on a combination of 
building numbers, Full Time Equivalent 
(FTE) colleagues and selective OPEX spend 
categories 
- 
in the UK, it is based mainly on average 
building type consumption or third-party 
supplier statements, where available.  
Emission factors: Our CO2e emission 
declarations are affected by any annual variations 
in carbon intensity factors, such as the electricity 
grid average. Where this is deemed to be a 
material impact, we will make specific reference 
to this within our published data tables.  
 
Renewable electricity declaration: Our 
renewable electricity consumption is 
supported by GHG Scope 2 compliant 
renewable energy attribute certificates 
(REAC’s), including directly purchased electricity 
supply certified with bundled renewable 
certification, power purchase agreements 
(PPAs) with bundled renewable supply 
certification, or otherwise through unbundled 
contracts and certificates. 
For any global markets where renewables are not 
available, we purchase renewable certificates 
prioritised as:  
- 
if in an interconnected market or country to 
our operation, 
 Or 
- 
if in an adjacent market or country. 
We generate our own electricity from standby 
and temporary generators, along with a few 
permanent ones to cover mobile masts – 
although this comes under GHG Scope 1, we 
purchase unbundled renewable electricity 
certificates to cover these amounts.   
 
Restating past data 
We restate historical years’ data to replace 
estimates with actual figures and/or when we 
think subsequent information is materially 
significant as determined during audit (typically 
variances greater than one percentage point at 
category level). All restatements of previous 
estimates or corrections of environmental data 
are recorded in the environmental data tables 
located at bt.com/esgaddendum. 
 
Materiality methodology 
 
We aim to conduct a full materiality review every 
two years. The review assesses the trends and 
issues identified across our key stakeholder 
groups; customers, colleagues, suppliers, 
investors, regulator/governments and wider 
society.  
 
We draw on multiple sources of qualitative and 
quantitative information that have been gathered 
through the preceding 12 months. This is to 
determine the relevance and significance of 
issues identified through stakeholder 
engagement, such as day-to-day interactions, 
online discussion forums, focus groups, social 
media and input from senior BT Group 
management representing key stakeholder 
groups, who participate in wider industry 
collaborations. These sources of information 
include:  
- 
interactions with multiple organisations we 
work with that represent different 
stakeholder groups 
- 
analysis of content from blogs, social media, 
TV, radio and online news 
- 
targeted primary or secondary research, to 
help fill gaps in our understanding, such as 
online surveys of consumer perceptions, or 
interviews with subject matter experts 
- 
reviews of peer companies’ sustainability 
reports, to help us check that we’ve a 
comprehensive list of the relevant issues for 
our sector. 
The following questions help us prioritise issues 
that emerge from our research: 
- 
is there wider societal interest in this issue? 

 
 
- 
are our key stakeholders consistently 
expressing an interest in this issue?  
- 
To what extent is BT Group already 
managing this issue through policies, 
principles, and procedures? 
- 
How closely do these issues align with the 
risks identified under our Group risk 
management framework? 
- 
what potential financial impact might this 
issue have on BT Group over the next three 
years?  
 
The issues that emerge as the most material are 
mapped onto a matrix to help visualise their 
potential impact on BT Group and their 
significance to our stakeholders. This helps shape 
our strategic decision-making and reporting. 
 
We’ve aligned our reporting coverage to that of 
Accountability’s AA1000AS V3. We ensure that 
the principle of ‘impact’ is considered and fully 
embedded in our BT Group Manifesto 
programmes and reporting under our Responsible, 
Inclusive and Sustainable Manifesto pillars. 
 
Our most material topics (as described in the 
Addendum pages 4-5) are covered to some extent 
within our reporting. Many material topics have 
specific targets that are measured, monitored, and 
reported against, which demonstrate their impact. 
Some topics may not have specific targets, but 
their progress and impact are tracked under our 
wider Manifesto and responsible business 
programmes. 
 
Governance 
Oversight 
Oversight of our Manifesto and responsible 
business strategy takes place through our 
Responsible Business Committee (RBC), a Board 
subcommittee. The RBC monitors the impact of 
those programmes, through regular reporting and 
updates (board papers, reporting of progress 
against targets/KPIs, updates on risks, review of 
our Manifesto reporting, etc.).  
Aligning with standards  
We report against the Sustainability Accounting 
Standards Board (SASB) Telecommunications 
Standard in our Addendum (pages 19-22). 
Our reporting is aligned to the principles of the 
Global Reporting Initiative (GRI) standards. 
 
We’ve been a signatory to the United Nations 
Global Compact (UNGC) since 2000. We 
reaffirmed our support of its ten principles this 
year. Our UNGC Communication on on Progress 
can be found on the UNGC website at 
https://unglobalcompact.org/what-is-
gc/participants. 
 
We report under the Task Force on Climate 
related Financial Disclosures (TCFD) framework 
within our AR (bt.com/annualreport) pages 71-
80). 
 
Assuring our year-end reporting 
Our year-end environmental and social 
reporting, which includes the ESG Addendum, 
and the Manifesto and TCFD sections within 
the AR, is independently assured by LRQA 
against the AA1000ASv3 standard, to a ‘high’ 
level of assurance. The AA1000 principles of 
inclusivity, materiality, responsiveness, 
reliability, and impact are reviewed by LRQA 
across our reporting.  
 
The assurance process helps us review and 
benchmark our performance, as well as 
providing valuable feedback on where we can 
improve.  
 
The observations section of this year’s LRQA 
Independent Assurance Statement 
(published at bt.com/esgaddendum) identifies 
specific areas that we’ll look to address over 
the next year. Prior to publication, our 
Addendum and AR is reviewed and approved 
by the BT Group Board (or its 
subcommittees) and Disclosure Committee. 
 
 
Contact 
We welcome feedback on our reporting. 
Please contact us via our Twitter account 
@BTGroup. 

