Modern Slavery 
Statement 2023/24 
June 2024 
 
 

Modern Slavery Statement 2023/24 
Page  2 of 7 
 
Contents 
1. Introduction 
2. Organisation structure and supply chains 
3. Governance 
4. Policies in relation to slavery and human trafficking 
5. Due diligence 
6. Risk assessment 
7. Training on modern slavery and trafficking 
8. Our progress this year  
 
1. Introduction 
 
We believe that everyone is entitled to basic rights and freedoms, whoever they are and wherever they 
live. That’s why we’re against all forms of modern slavery, everywhere. 
 
This is BT Group’s ninth annual Modern Slavery Statement, developed in consultation with colleagues and 
relevant companies we own or control and published in accordance with the UK Modern Slavery Act 2015 
and the Australian Modern Slavery Act 2018. This statement relates to the financial year ended 31st 
March 2024.  
 
Read our previous statements. 
 
2. Organisation structure and supply chains 
 
BT Group operates as a single business, made up of different organisational units. We have three 
customer-facing lines of business: Consumer, Business and Openreach. They are supported by our 
internal service units, Digital and Networks. Openreach is a legally separate, wholly owned subsidiary of 
BT Group. In the Group we employ around 94,000 colleagues, approximately 74,000 of these are in the UK. 
We buy a vast range of things, from network and IT hardware to corporate clothing and waste disposal 
services. Some of the products and services we buy we use in our own business (like those needed for 
running our offices) and some we use as part of what we sell to our customers (like networking equipment, 
mobile devices, and software). 
 
We buy from approximately 9,000 direct suppliers in over 100 countries. We spent £14.7 billion with our 
suppliers this year. Of this, approximately 70% was with 100 key suppliers and over 90% was with suppliers 
based in low-risk countries. We don’t make things ourselves, so we don’t own any factories or 
manufacturing facilities, nor do we handle raw materials – we rely on our suppliers to do that for us. 
 
3. Governance 
 
We work to make sure our policies, governance and due diligence processes take account of human rights 
risks so that we can properly manage and mitigate them. 
 
 
 

Modern Slavery Statement 2023/24 
Page  3 of 7 
 
Our Responsible Business Committee, a committee of the BT Group plc Board, agrees our human rights 
and responsible tech strategy and monitors progress on it. Human rights risks, including those related to 
modern slavery, are integrated into our risk management framework. 
 
Our executive management-led Responsible Tech Steering Group is chaired by our Group Corporate 
Affairs Director, who has delegated authority from the Chief Executive for decisions about human rights 
risks. The Steering Group’s remit is to guide strategic direction, stay on top of emerging trends and drive 
consistency in decision-making across the business, and to make sure we develop, use, buy and sell 
technology in a way that benefits people and minimises harms. 
 
Day-to-day, our Responsible Tech and Human Rights Team works on integrating the United Nations 
Guiding Principles for Business and Human Rights into our business, including training, and supporting the 
colleagues who bring our human rights policy to life across the Group. 
 
4. Policies in relation to slavery and human trafficking 
Our policies set expectations of how we – and everyone who works on our behalf – will work to prevent 
modern slavery. We are guided by the United Nations Guiding Principles on Business and Human Rights, 
and our commitment to the United Nations Global Compact. 
Policies relevant to modern slavery and human trafficking: 
1. Being trusted: our code 
2. Human Rights Policy 
3. Sourcing with Human Dignity 
4. Recruitment Policy  
5. Anti-corruption and Bribery 
Read more about our policies.  
 
5. Due diligence 
We want to reduce the risk of modern slavery in our own operations and help our suppliers do the same.                   
We’re doing this by: 
• Understanding our risks and uncovering opportunities to combat modern slavery by talking to 
experts. 
• Assessing where the risks are in our business and supply chains. 
• Developing and applying anti-slavery measures through policy, training and collaboration. 
This means we’re working closely with colleagues, suppliers, and stakeholders to continuously 
improve our approach in a way that respects human rights. 
One mechanism we use to monitor compliance with, and the effectiveness of, our modern slavery 
requirements is by encouraging colleagues to raise any concerns about suspected non-compliance with 
our Responsible Tech and Human Rights Team or our Ethics Team – or via our Speak Up hotline, which is 
also open to third parties. 
 
As part of our ongoing due diligence in the supply chain, we conduct on-site assessments to help us 
understand how well a supplier has implemented our policies and standards and what the impact has 
been on their workers. If we spot that a supplier needs to make improvements, we’ll work with them to 
address any problems. 
 

Modern Slavery Statement 2023/24 
Page  4 of 7 
 
Case study: Worker Voice 
 
Worker Voice aims to promote employee participation, engagement, and collaboration while our Speak 
Up channel primarily serves as a mechanism for reporting concerns or grievances. Utilising technology to 
deploy Worker Voice solutions and directly engage with workers is a widely used tool for conducting 
supply chain due diligence.  
 
At BT Group, we recognise the immense value of Worker Voice in pinpointing intricate challenges like 
modern slavery, harassment, and discrimination, which is often difficult to identify in conventional on-site 
assessments. 
 
This year, in partnership with Labor Solutions, we launched a Worker Voice pilot in six sites across China, 
Taiwan and Vietnam and reached 1,476 people working in our supply chain. Overall, survey respondents 
spoke highly of their experiences at work. We did identify potential risks relating to the payment of 
recruitment fees at one site. We engaged with the site to agree a corrective action plan and will be 
following up to validate implementation of improvements in 2024/25. 
Read more about our approach to due diligence. 
6. Risk assessment 
We believe our highest risk areas for modern slavery and human trafficking are related to: 
• Our supply chain, with the companies selling their products or services to our direct suppliers. 
• Construction and engineering services for our infrastructure. 
• Guarding and monitoring services for our properties and infrastructure. 
• Catering and cleaning services used in our business.  
• Manufacture of network equipment. 
Buyers follow a consistent procurement sourcing process, using a step-by-step guide to make sure they 
ask the right questions and review relevant information at each stage of the process.  
 
Our self-assessment questionnaires flag potential risks at the earliest stage when we’re qualifying 
prospective suppliers. We ask questions to understand where we’re buying the product or service from, 
what it is that we’re buying, and the employment terms of the workforces (for example, whether there are 
migrant workers being employed, who we know can be more vulnerable to risks of modern slavery).  
 
We use digital tools to understand the changing risk profile of our suppliers, which allow us to monitor 
suppliers in real time. The tools can provide specific information on disruptions to suppliers who are 
concentrated in regions impacted by geopolitical crisis or natural disasters, which could increase the risk 
of modern slavery. We also gather insights on worldwide macro trends, including indicators that could 
increase the risk of modern slavery in our supply chain. 
 
Read more about our approach to risk assessment. 
 
 

Modern Slavery Statement 2023/24 
Page  5 of 7 
 
7. Training on modern slavery and trafficking 
Everyone who works for us must complete training on our ethics code (Being trusted: our code) and 
our anti-corruption and bribery policy when they join the company. This is repeated every year. The 
code and the accompanying training (Doing the right thing. For good.) makes clear that we don’t 
tolerate modern slavery. 
We provide the teams most likely to come across modern slavery with additional training. For example, 
when buyers who work closely with suppliers join BT Group, there is training available on modern slavery 
to help them spot the signs of forced labour, learn how to report concerns, and to understand how it 
affects our business. 
 
8. Our progress this year 
Modern slavery is a complex and often hidden risk. We use the following performance indicators to 
monitor and report on the effectiveness of our policies and procedures in this area. 
Performance indicators 
Key performance indicator (KPI) 
Reason for KPI 
2022/23 
2023/24 
Number of on-site supplier assessments this 
year (including remote audits and third 
party JAC audits). 
We investigate practices that could result 
in modern slavery through our on-site 
supplier assessments. 
28 (plus 2 
remote) 
45 
Number of concerns identified through on-
site supplier assessments which indicate 
potential forced labour. 
By monitoring the number of issues 
identified, we can better adapt our policies 
and procedures. 
2 
0 
Percentage of colleagues who completed 
the ‘Being trusted: our code’ training. 
By monitoring completion, we can track 
employee understanding of ‘Being trusted: 
our code’, which includes modern slavery. 
95% 
99% 
Number of reports to our Speak Up hotline 
related to modern slavery concerns. 
By monitoring the number of issues 
identified, we can better adapt our policies 
and procedures. 
2 
0 
Our progress this year 
What we said we’d do this year 
Did we do it? 
What we’re going to do next year 
Continue our operational support, funding 
and promotion of the UK Modern Slavery 
Helpline. Read more about our partnership 
here. 
Yes. We continued our operational 
support, funding and promotion of the UK 
Modern Slavery Helpline. 
Continue our operational support, 
funding and promotion of the UK 
Modern Slavery Helpline. 
Pilot the use of mobile technology to get 
direct feedback from supply chain workers. 
Yes. We deployed a digital worker voice 
solution to six sites in our supply chain 
across China, Taiwan and Vietnam. 
Expand the use of technology to 
strengthen due diligence in our 
supply chain. 
Issue responsible recruitment guidance to 
high-risk tier 1 suppliers identified though 
our mobile technology pilot. 
No. We identified one site in our pilot with a 
particular risk relating to recruitment fees. 
We engaged directly with this site to agree 
a corrective action plan with the supplier. 
 
 
 

Modern Slavery Statement 2023/24 
Page  6 of 7 
 
Sign off 
This Statement describes the activities that BT Group has undertaken in the financial year 2023/24 to  
prevent modern slavery in our business operations and supply chain.  
 
The boards of directors for the following companies have approved this statement: 
 
•   British Telecommunications plc 
•   BT Australasia Pty Limited* 
•   BT Global Services 
•   Communication Network Services Ltd 
•   EE Limited 
•   Mainline Digital Communications Limited 
•   Openreach Limited 
•   Plusnet plc  
 
 
They all delegated authority to Allison Kirkby to sign this statement on their behalf.  
 
Allison Kirkby, Chief Executive 
BT Group plc 
Signed 04 June 2024 following board approvals in April and May 2024
*BT Australasia Pty Limited does not have any owned or controlled entities. 

 
 
 
June 2024 
Find out more at bt.com/about 
Offices worldwide 
 
 
 
Registered office: 1 Braham Street, London E1 8EE 
Registered in England and Wales No. 4190816  
Produced by BT Group 
 

