 FY23 Purpose Report
The Power of Purpose

Introduction 	
2
Our Purpose and our progress in fiscal 2023
A message from Chuck Robbins	
3
FY23 highlights	
4
ESG at Cisco	
5
Goals and progress	
6
Feature stories	
8
Power 	
12
Build and deliver technology responsibly to 
securely power the world’s connectivity
Security, privacy, and trust	
13
Human rights	
15
Digital inclusion	
20
Ethics and integrity	
22
Inclusive 	
23
Accelerate fairness, inclusion, and equitable 
access to opportunity
Diversity, equity, and inclusion	
24
Employee experience	
27
Health and wellbeing	
29
Employee community impact	
31
Future 	
33
Help advance a sustainable and regenerative 
future for our planet
The Plan for Possible	
34
Clean energy transitions	
35
Circular transformation	
41
Resilient ecosystems	
44
For All	
46
Address root causes of inequity, eliminate 
barriers, and foster lasting, generational change
Crisis response	
47
Economic empowerment	
51
Learning and digital skills	
54
Social justice	
58
Partnering for Purpose	
61
Public policy and advocacy	
61
Looking Ahead	
62
Our Purpose can’t just be something we look 
back on
A message from Fran Katsoudas	
63
Forward-looking statements
This report contains forward-looking statements regarding future events. All statements other than statements of historical facts 
are statements that could be deemed forward-looking statements. These statements are based on current expectations, estimates, 
forecasts, and projections about the industries in which we operate and the beliefs and assumptions of our management. Readers 
are cautioned that these forward-looking statements are only predictions and are subject to risks, uncertainties, and assumptions that 
are difficult to predict, including those identified in our most recent filings with the Securities and Exchange Commission on Form 10-K 
and Form 10-Q. Forward-looking statements speak only as of the date they are made, and we do not undertake any obligation to 
update any forward-looking statement. 
Cisco continuously strives for transparency in our reporting on our environmental, social, and governance (ESG) initiatives, goals, 
and progress. We set ambitious goals knowing that they may be difficult to fully achieve, but we strive to meet them within the 
designated time frames all the same. Acquiring other companies can potentially impact our progress towards our ESG goals. We 
will transparently report on our progress, including any impacts from acquisitions.

Cisco is the worldwide 
leader in technology that 
powers the Internet.
Our products and services include 
networking, collaboration solutions, security 
solutions, wireless and mobility, data center, 
Internet of Things (IoT), video, analytics, and 
software solutions.
1984 
founded
US$57 billion 
FY23 revenue
84,900 
employees
95 
countries
About this report
This Purpose Report shares Cisco’s progress in its fiscal year (FY) 
2023 toward its Purpose to Power an Inclusive Future for All. But 
it is not the full story of our progress. Our ESG Reporting Hub 
contains detailed information on many of the topics covered 
in this report, as well as policies and additional disclosures for 
specialized audiences. Throughout the report, we provide links to 
specific pages in the ESG Reporting Hub where additional detail 
is available.
FY23 Purpose Report  | 2
Future
For All
Intro
Power
Inclusive
Looking Ahead

“
A message from Chuck Robbins
Running a great business shouldn’t be at odds with caring for 
and contributing to the communities where a company operates. 
The dynamic world we live in needs businesses to do both, and 
companies that successfully find that balance earn customer trust, 
respect from their peers, and create a culture that attracts and 
retains the best people. 
Each year, we are proud to share this report that demonstrates 
having environmental, social, and governance (ESG) and corporate 
social responsibility efforts woven into a business strategy is 
not just good for the world; it also creates important business 
opportunities. Through our commitments and actions, Cisco also 
continues to reaffirm its support of the Ten Principles of the United 
Nations Global Compact (UNGC) in the areas of Human Rights, Labor, 
Environment, and Anti-Corruption, which Cisco signed in 2001.
Through a powerful combination of our technology, our people, and 
our purpose—to power an inclusive future for all—we have helped 
customers and communities all around the globe, and this year 
we’re celebrating an amazing milestone. In 2016, we set a goal to 
positively impact 1 billion people by fiscal 2025, and I’m incredibly 
proud to share that we’ve surpassed that goal more than a year 
early. Together, we have made a real, tangible difference for more 
than one-eighth of the world’s population. This is truly a testament 
to what a company can achieve when its people and purpose 
intersect in service of communities.
It also speaks to the importance of a culture that fosters opportunities 
and supports people as they go out and do good in the world. 
From global conflicts to natural disasters, we often see that the 
most marginalized communities are usually impacted the most. 
In fiscal 2023, 85 percent of our employees took action to give 
back to communities and support causes close to their hearts. Our 
people continue to show up in times of crisis, for those who are 
suffering and for causes that change lives. We’re also proud to bring 
our customers and partners along with us through initiatives like 
Partnering for Purpose, helping to amplify our impact because we 
know we can’t solve these issues alone.
Through our innovation, we’re helping customers securely connect 
everything to make anything possible. We’re also driving sustainability 
in a meaningful way with products and solutions, such as IoT, Silicon 
One, and power over ethernet, that help customers reduce energy 
consumption. With technologies such as artificial intelligence (AI) 
quickly taking shape, we continue to see endless possibilities for 
technology to change lives and experiences in countless ways. We 
also recognize the need to harness the power of technology ethically 
and responsibly as we shape and define the future alongside our 
customers and partners. 
For nearly 40 years, Cisco’s technology has been at the heart of 
connections—helping customers run their businesses every day 
and bringing more opportunities to more people around the world. 
We are incredibly proud of this history—the impact we’ve made and 
milestones we’ve achieved—but we know there is more to do to care 
for our planet and build a more inclusive and equitable future for 
everyone. At Cisco, we work hard every day to prove that running a 
good business and a passion to do good absolutely can and should 
live in the same place—because when they do, change and progress 
take giant steps forward toward a better world for all of us.
Chuck Robbins
Chair and Chief Executive Officer
Cisco has made a difference 
for more than one-eighth of the 
world’s population—a testament 
to what we can achieve when 
people and purpose intersect in 
service of communities."
FY23 Purpose Report  | 3
Future
For All
Intro
Power
Inclusive
Looking Ahead

The power of Purpose in FY23
The Plan for Possible
our environmental sustainability strategy to connect a 
regenerative future
1.1 billion
people positively impacted through our social impact 
grants and signature programs (FY16-FY23)
Learn more about our validation methodology.
1300
Country Digital 
Acceleration active or 
completed projects in 
50 countries since 2015
#1
Best Company to Work 
For in 16 countries, 
according to Fortune and 
Great Place to Work 
91%
of electricity for Cisco 
facilities came from 
renewable sources
US$461M
in cash and in-kind 
contributions provided by 
Cisco and the Cisco 
Foundation, including US$387M 
in in-kind contributions for 
Cisco Networking Academy
85%
of employees 
participated to drive 
community impact 
US$19.8M
committed to fund climate 
solutions through the Cisco 
Foundation, cumulative
#2
ranked in the Gartner® 
2023 Supply Chain Top 25: 
High Tech report1
73%
increase in representation 
of all employees who 
self-identify as African 
American/Black from entry 
level through manager 
(FY20 base year)
20.5M+
learners reached through 
Cisco Networking 
Academy in 190 countries 
since 1997
1 GARTNER is a registered trademark and service mark of Gartner, Inc. and/or its affiliates in the United States and internationally and is used herein with permission. All rights reserved. Gartner does not endorse any vendor, product, or service depicted in its research publications, and 
does not advise technology users to select only those vendors with the highest ratings or other designation. Gartner research publications consist of the opinions of Gartner’s research organization and should not be construed as statements of fact. Gartner disclaims all warranties, 
expressed or implied, with respect to this research, including any warranties of merchantability or fitness for a particular purpose.
FY23 Purpose Report  | 4
Future
For All
Intro
Power
Inclusive
Looking Ahead

ESG at Cisco 
Our reporting is informed by an ESG materiality assessment1 and 
aligns with globally recognized frameworks. We also support 
the United Nations’ Sustainable Development Goals (UN SDGs) 
and share the UN’s vision for peace and prosperity for people 
and the planet. We have been a participating company in the 
UNGC since 2001, and our ESG strategy and priorities, which 
are shaped by our stakeholder engagement and ESG materiality 
assessment1 initiatives, align with and support the SDGs. Below, 
explore some examples:
Global Reporting 
Initiative (GRI)
Sustainability Accounting 
Standards Board (SASB)
Task Force on Climate-related 
Financial Disclosures (TCFD)
CDP (formerly Carbon 
Disclosure Project)
United Nations Sustainable 
Development Goals (SDGs)
ESG focus areas*
Environmental
	
●
Climate change and GHGs
	
●
Circular economy
	
●
Operational waste
	
●
Environmental regeneration 
and protection 
	
●
Water
Social
	
●
Inclusion and diversity
	
●
Talent 
	
●
Human rights and working 
conditions in the supply chain 
	
●
Employee wellbeing 
	
●
Employee health and safety 
and labor rights 
	
●
Digital inclusion 
	
●
Community impact 
	
●
Critical human needs and 
disaster relief 
	
●
Economic empowerment
Governance
	
●
Corporate governance 
	
●
Data security and privacy 
	
●
Business ethics 
	
●
Innovation and 
responsible technology
* These ESG focus areas are the topics identified in our fiscal 2023 ESG materiality assessment.1 The topics found to be of greater significance are noted in bold.
Visit Cisco’s ESG Reporting Hub for more information on:
Our strategy
Stakeholder engagement and ESG materiality1
Key ratings and rankings
Policies, positions, and guides
1 ESG materiality, as referred to in this report, and our ESG materiality assessment process are different from “materiality” in the context of Securities and Exchange 
Commission (SEC) disclosure obligations. Issues deemed material for purposes of our ESG reporting and for purposes of determining our ESG strategy may not be 
considered material for SEC reporting purposes, nor does inclusion of information in our ESG reporting indicate that the topic or information is material to Cisco’s 
business or operating results.
FY23 Purpose Report  | 5
Future
For All
Intro
Power
Inclusive
Looking Ahead

Goals and progress
We measure progress on engaging employees, reducing environmental impacts, and advancing our Purpose to Power an Inclusive Future for All 
through quantitative enterprise goals that we report against each year. Here’s where we stand on these goals in fiscal 2023.
Our people
By FY23: Sustain 80% community impact participation, as 
measured by employees’ actions, including advocating for 
causes they care deeply about, volunteering, donating, and 
participating in programs that positively impact communities.
 
Maintained >80% participation in community impact for 
fourth year in a row 
Our global communities
By FY25: Positively impact 1 billion people through social 
impact grants and signature programs.
ACHIEVED. 1.1 billion people positively impacted between 
FY16 and FY23
Learn more about our validation methodology. 
By FY32: Provide digital and cybersecurity skills training 
to 25 million more learners over the next 10 years through 
Cisco Networking Academy.
3.7 million learners trained in FY23
Social Justice Actions
Learn more about our Social Justice Actions.
FY20 is the base year for metrics that are not year-over-year.
By FY25: Social Justice Action 1, Support community 
partnerships, legislation, and advocacy: Donate US$5 
million to African American/Black (AA/B) nonprofit 
organizations advocating for equity and justice. 
US$4 million donated between FY20 and FY23
By FY23: Social Justice Action 2, Increase representation: 
Achieve a 25% increase in representation of all employees 
who self-identify as AA/B from entry level through manager 
and a 75% increase in representation from Director to VP+ 
level, by expanding our diverse talent pipeline.
ACHIEVED. 
73% increase (entry level through manager) 
103% increase (Director) 
240% increase (Vice President and above) 
By FY24: Social Justice Action 7, Supplier engagement: 
Double how much we spend with diverse suppliers and 
receive reporting on diversity metrics from 95% of our 
preferred suppliers.

108% increase in diverse supplier spend between FY20 and FY23 
88% of preferred suppliers reported diversity metrics in FY23 
By FY25: Social Justice Action 8, Commit to Historically Black 
Colleges and Universities (HBCUs): Commit US$150 million 
to preserve the legacy and sustainability of HBCUs, with 
US$50 million to fund science, technology, engineering, and 
mathematics (STEM) education and US$100 million to drive 
technology modernization.
US$37.5 million spent on STEM education 
US$66 million spent on technology upgrades 
By FY25: Social Justice Action 10, Diversify our partner 
ecosystem: Commit US$50 million to increase the diversity 
in our partner ecosystem by increasing the number of 
AA/B-owned technology companies and increasing 
opportunities to accelerate the financial growth of AA/B-
owned partners.
Increased AA/B-owned companies in our partner ecosystem
Special focus on 17 Acceleration partners
By FY25: Social Justice Action 11, Invest in next generation 
tech innovation: Invest US$50 million in startups and 
venture funds led by diverse leaders.
Ongoing investment in startups and venture funds led by BIPOC, 
Latinx, and female leaders
Note: Progress against all goals listed by fiscal year is measured through the end of the 
fiscal year, unless otherwise noted.
FY23 Purpose Report  | 6
Future
For All
Intro
Power
Inclusive
Looking Ahead

Goals and progress (continued)
Climate change and GHG emissions
Net-zero goal:
By 2040: Reach net-zero GHG emissions across our value 
chain by reducing absolute Scope 1, 2, and 3 emissions by 
90% (FY19 base year).1
We are reporting progress through the near-term 
targets below: 
Near-term targets
By FY25: Reduce absolute Scope 1 and Scope 2 emissions 
by 90% (FY19 base year).1
48% reduction
By FY30: Reduce absolute Scope 3 emissions from 
purchased goods and services, upstream transportation 
and distribution, and use of sold products by 30% (FY19 
base year).2,3 
14% reduction (based on Cisco’s current Scope 3 emissions 
calculation methodology and subject to change)4 
Circular design, products, and packaging
By FY25: 100% of new Cisco products and packaging 
incorporate Circular Design Principles.5
27% meeting circular design criteria 
By FY25: Reduce foam used in Cisco product packaging by 
75% as measured by weight (FY19 base year).6
22% reduction
By FY25: Increase product packaging cube efficiency by 
50% (FY19 base year).7
65% cumulative improvement 
By FY25: 50% of the plastic used in our products (by weight) 
will be made of recycled content.8
24% recycled content 
Supplier climate targets
By FY25: 80% of Cisco component, manufacturing, and 
logistics suppliers by spend have a public, absolute GHG 
emissions reduction target.9
92% with targets
By FY25: 70% of Cisco component and manufacturing 
suppliers by spend achieve a zero-waste diversion rate at 
one or more sites.10
60% by spend with at least one certified site
Note: Progress against all goals listed by fiscal year is measured through the end of the fiscal year.
1 We will neutralize any remaining emissions by removing an equal amount from the atmosphere. 
2 The baseline and progress reported for our 2030 goal includes: purchased goods and services from manufacturing, component, and warehouse suppliers; upstream transportation and distribution from Cisco purchased air transportation; and use of sold products. 
3 We updated our methodology in fiscal 2023 for calculating "Scope 3 Category 11: Use of sold products" to further align with the Greenhouse Gas Protocol. For more information on our current methodology, as well as data and goal tracking using our previous methodology, visit 
the Historic GHG methodology discussion in the Strategy, goals, and emissions data section on our ESG Reporting Hub.
4 We expect our progress to fluctuate year-over-year based on the number and type of products we sell each year. Due to increased product sales, there was an increase in GHG emissions in fiscal 2023, thus progress has decreased from fiscal 2022.
5 The scope of this goal is limited to hardware products and associated packaging, excluding: standalone components (e.g., chassis, ASICs, optical modules); standalone basic product accessories (e.g., power cables, brackets); Original Equipment Manufacturer products (where 
Cisco does not own the design); products and packaging of nonintegrated acquisitions. Product and packaging designs achieving a score of 75 percent or higher are counted toward the goal. ​
6 To improve measurement accuracy, we changed our methodology for this goal in fiscal 2023 to calculate the foam used in our shipped product packaging instead of the total foam purchased from suppliers. The base year (fiscal 2019) foam use was recalculated using the 
updated methodology, and fiscal 2023 progress is measured against this.​
7 Packaging efficiency is measured by comparing the size of the product relative to the packaging, using dimensional weight. Dimensional weight uses volume and a standard dimensional factor to calculate the weight of a package. In this methodology, the packaging efficiency 
metric is based on the difference of the normalized dimensional weight (by volume) between the baseline and current year. In fiscal 2023, we updated our calculation methodology to improve accuracy. We will continue to report progress toward this goal annually through 
fiscal 2025. This goal applies to high-volume packaging requiring redesigns.
8 The scope of this goal excludes plastics contained in commodity components (e.g., plastic screws, fans, and cables) and in products designed and manufactured by our Original Design Manufacturers. 
9 Suppliers are expected to set absolute GHG emissions reduction targets or intensity targets that produce an absolute emissions reduction during the target period. Cisco encourages suppliers to set targets in line with an approved science-based methodology. Progress toward 
this goal is quantified using Cisco’s supply chain spend which can vary annually. Cisco will continue to work with suppliers to set their own absolute GHG emissions reduction targets, and to report progress toward this goal annually through fiscal 2025.
10 According to current standard definitions used in certification protocols, “zero-waste” diversion is defined as a 90 percent or greater overall diversion of solid, nonhazardous wastes from landfill, incineration (waste-to-energy), and the environment. Diversion methods can include 
reduction, reuse, recycling, and/or compost.
FY23 Purpose Report  | 7
Future
For All
Intro
Power
Inclusive
Looking Ahead

One billion 
lives positively 
impacted
FY23 Purpose Report  | 8
Future
For All
Intro
Power
Inclusive
Looking Ahead

One billion lives
positively impacted
How many lives could we impact if we pushed 
ourselves to truly create a better world for all?
In 2015, our newly appointed CEO, Chuck Robbins, 
asked us this question. In response, we went BIG, 
knowing that if we made a bold commitment we 
could make a profound difference.
So we set an ambitious goal: to positively impact 
1 billion people by 2025. 
This year—more than a year ahead of our schedule—
we’ve reached our goal. In fact, we’ve surpassed it. 
We have positively impacted 1.1 billion lives.
We’ve positively impacted approximately one-eighth of 
the world’s population.
This extraordinary milestone was made possible by the 
passion and dedication of our leaders and employees, 
along with the exceptional work of our global nonprofit 
partners and the leadership of the Cisco Foundation 
and Cisco Networking Academy.
People were at the center of our work as we focused 
on crisis response, learning and digital skills development, 
and economic empowerment. For a goal this large, we 
needed help. It was critical to expand our ecosystem 
of partnerships so we could create solutions to 
some of the greatest challenges in this increasingly 
interconnected and technologically driven world. We 
invested in innovative global partners through our 
Social Impact grants and Cisco Networking Academy.
For a goal this big, we sought out promising nonprofits to 
develop and scale technology-based solutions to critical 
challenges facing vulnerable, underserved communities 
around the world. We worked with local and national 
governments to expand economies, and across a 
spectrum of nonprofits to develop the workforce of the 
future and fulfill the promises of digital inclusion.
Now we’re looking ahead. 
As we consider the next goal we'll set for ourselves, we're 
thinking about the future of our Purpose and the impact it 
is having on the world. We’re reflecting on the intertwined 
challenges facing our communities and how we can 
leverage our learnings, our strengths, and our technology 
to scale impact and build community resilience.
We know we’re stronger with our partners at our side. 
Together, we can create a world where everyone 
thrives. We hope you’ll join us as we continue our 
journey to power an inclusive future for all.
The blueprint for 1 billion 
What does it take to reach 1 billion people? As we celebrate this remarkable 
milestone, we’re sharing what we learned on our journey to 1 billion. We believe 
that our guiding principles can be applied to organizations of any size to drive 
increased social impact.
START WITH “WHY”
Start with defining your “why.” For each 
company, this is going to look a little 
different—and that’s a good thing. Root 
your “why” in the products and services 
for which your company has expertise, 
and in the areas of your purpose that are 
passions for your people.
CLEARLY DEFINE YOUR 
INTENDED IMPACTS
There are many ways to define impact, 
so get clear about how your company 
will define and measure it.
BUILD A RIGOROUS TRACKING 
METHODOLOGY
Tracking and validating impact is a 
complex but crucial process, critical for 
transparency and accurate reporting.
INVEST IN POTENTIAL
While investing in proven solutions can 
address immediate needs, identifying 
and investing in new and innovative 
solutions will help scale and amplify your 
impact over time.
FY23 Purpose Report  | 9
Future
For All
Intro
Power
Inclusive
Looking Ahead

Empowering communities
through digital access
It wasn’t long ago that an organization’s strategy and its technology were considered separate, their reliance on one another a 
convenience, but not a necessity. That time has passed.
Not only have strategy and technology become deeply intertwined for 
organizations of all kinds, but technology increasingly drives the ways in 
which we pursue our personal, academic, and professional lives. Digital 
access is no longer a privilege for some, but a necessity for all.
But something stands between us and a future in which we can all participate. 
A digital divide exists between those who can connect and obtain the skills 
to participate, and those who cannot. This gap limits people and communities 
from engaging with our societies and an increasingly digital, global economy. 
And with the rise of new technologies, the gap is growing.
Closing this divide would have a transformative impact on both the lives of 
individuals and the global economy. According to PwC, global inclusion in 
the Internet could bring 7 percent of the world’s population above absolute 
poverty levels and add US$6.7 trillion to global economic output.
As a company founded on connection, we know Cisco has a role to play 
in connecting the unconnected. Through our Country Digital Acceleration 
(CDA) program, we co-invest and co-innovate to expand access and harness 
connectivity in communities around the world. In partnership with government 
leaders, CDA helps countries and communities reach their digitization goals, 
expand online access, and open opportunities for more people to connect to 
digital resources like education, healthcare, and jobs. 
With the advent of generative artificial intelligence (Gen AI) and an evolving 
cybersecurity threat landscape, all workers need opportunities for digital skilling 
and reskilling. The World Economic Forum (WEF) estimates that half the global 
labor force may need reskilling over the next two years, and 1.1 billion jobs will 
be transformed by technology in the coming decade. WEF also estimates that 
3 million cybersecurity experts are needed to support the current global economy. 
Through Cisco Networking Academy, we’re working to address this skills gap 
and help stave off a potential skills crisis. It is one of the longest-standing IT 
skills-to-jobs programs worldwide, and since its inception we’ve trained over 
20.5 million learners in 190 countries, 11,700 academies, and 27 languages. 
And we’re looking ahead to the future. In early October 2022, we announced 
a new goal, to offer digital and cybersecurity skills training to 25 million more 
global learners over the next 10 years. 
There is incredible opportunity in meeting the challenges of this moment. 
Closing the skills gap will not only benefit companies and societies 
around the world, but also open doors of opportunity for many who are 
disproportionately impacted by economic inequality, such as women, ethnic 
minorities, and people with disabilities. The potential economic benefit of 
these efforts is also staggering—according to WEF research, accelerating 
progress on education and upskilling could add US$8.3 trillion to global gross 
domestic product by 2030.
No single entity can close the digital divide. The private sector, governments, 
educational institutions, nonprofits, and communities must work together in new 
ways as we look ahead. The pace of change in technology is only increasing, 
and we must increase the velocity of our collaboration to meet it. 
It's often said that “knowledge is power.” As we enter the fourth industrial 
revolution, these words were never truer. As we look ahead, digital access and 
skills will be fundamental to participating in our societies and economies. We 
can’t afford to wait, and we can’t afford to leave anyone behind. We can close 
the divide and open opportunities, for all.
FY23 Purpose Report  | 10
Future
For All
Intro
Power
Inclusive
Looking Ahead

The power and possibility
in addressing the climate crisis
Climate change is here, and its impacts are painfully evident: the last decade was the hottest on record, storms have grown increasingly 
powerful, and catastrophic fires are regular occurrences. 
We’re at a pivotal moment, but with bold, strategic, and collective action, we can help 
mitigate the worst outcomes of climate change, ensuring the opportunity to build an 
inclusive future for all. 
All sectors have a responsibility to address the climate crisis, including the private sector. 
We must begin by taking a strategic approach to decarbonizing our own operations 
and value chains, and promoting science-based plans, goals, and commitments. This 
fiscal year, Cisco announced our new environmental sustainability strategy, The Plan for 
Possible, focused on accelerating our transition to clean energy, circular transformation, 
and investing in resilient ecosystems. 
Building a net-zero world will also require all communities to access more renewable 
energy. Innovative technologies have lowered the cost of generating wind, solar, 
hydro, and geothermal energy, making them more abundant and available than 
ever. But connecting renewables to our existing power grids is a challenge. Digital 
infrastructure is needed to make grids “smarter,” better able to monitor and balance 
energy demands and quickly connect to renewable sources. With digital grids, we 
can reduce black- and brown-outs while accelerating the clean energy transition.
Updating and digitalizing global grids will require significant investments. According to 
BloombergNEF research, the cost to make necessary grid upgrades to support a global 
net-zero trajectory will be approximately US$21 trillion by 2050. Government initiatives 
like the European Green Deal and the United States’ National Climate Resilience 
Framework are driving focus, funding, and action toward net-zero goals. But globally, 
many communities are not seeing equitable levels of investment and momentum.
Crucial work to address the climate crisis is already underway in the private sector, 
and this momentum creates an incredible and transformative opportunity. But those 
of us in the private sector can do more to help accelerate access to affordable 
renewable energy. If more businesses move away from approaching environmental 
goals as a checklist, we can also create new opportunities for our companies and our 
communities to succeed. The private sector must come together to share our learnings 
and develop best practices in order to build an ecosystem of partnership to scale our 
impact. We can help catalyze transformation when we work to align our efforts. 
We must also take a new approach to our investments. With a more strategic 
approach, the private sector can help build climate and economic resiliency, drive 
a digital and sustainable transformation, and set up vulnerable countries and 
communities for success in the future. And this shift can help create economic 
opportunities. According to the International Renewable Energy Agency (IRENA), 
worldwide employment in renewable energy could reach more than 38 million in 
2030. Through our CDA Program, Cisco takes a bold approach to co-investment and 
co-innovation. One example of this work is our partnership with Enel Group, Italy’s 
largest electricity provider. Together, we’re accelerating the transition to a low-carbon 
electrical grid across Italy. The work is underway, and it has the capacity to scale. 
Through an expansion of our partnership with Mercy Corps, we’re also focused on 
new ways to foster climate adaptation and resilience in the Horn of Africa, and the link 
between climate change and humanitarian crises.
There is power and possibility in the private sector working in new ways to address the 
global climate crisis. If we can rise to the occasion and meet the moment, we’ll do good 
for our businesses and good for the world.
FY23 Purpose Report  | 11
Future
For All
Intro
Power
Inclusive
Looking Ahead

Power
Build and deliver technology 
responsibly to securely power 
the world’s connectivity
Increased connectivity, greater computing power, massive 
data volumes, and changing global conditions dramatically 
impact how we engage with the digital world. New 
technologies such as Gen AI present new opportunities, but 
also new risks. As we work to securely connect and protect 
people and businesses—and support workers in our supply 
chain—we take a mindful and systematic approach. We 
design and build solutions with security, privacy, and human 
rights in mind so that our partners, customers, and their 
users can leverage the power of connected technologies to 
improve their lives, meet their business objectives, and fulfill 
their potential. 
FY23 Purpose Report  | 12
Future
For All
Intro
Power
Inclusive
Looking Ahead

ESG  
Reporting Hub
Security, privacy, 
and trust
Emerging regulations and fast-evolving technology mean 
that the cybersecurity landscape is continuously changing. 
Amid this change, one thing remains constant: Cisco’s commitment 
to being trustworthy, transparent, fair, accountable, and resilient 
regarding the data entrusted to us and the solutions we deliver 
to customers. 
Trust is difficult to earn and maintain, yet easy to lose. We build 
confidence among our customers and stakeholders through action: 
sharing up-to-date information about emerging threats, leveraging 
a secure development lifecycle process that embeds security 
and privacy controls into our products and solutions, complying 
with global cybersecurity and privacy laws and regulations, and 
promoting responsible use of technologies like AI. Teams of 
professionals are working in these areas across Cisco, and ongoing 
security and privacy awareness, education, and training available 
for all employees enables us to remain continuously vigilant and 
maintain a strong security and privacy posture. 
As a technology solution provider to businesses and organizations 
globally, we face many of the same security and privacy challenges as 
our customers. Cisco shares leading practices developed in-house 
with our customers and other businesses to help them enhance 
their own privacy and security so that they can confidently deliver 
secure and privacy-aware solutions for their own customers.
If it’s connected, you're protected 
Many network administrators don’t think of legacy hardware like routers 
and switches as vulnerable parts of their networks. Systems that were 
designed, built, and deployed years ago couldn’t anticipate today’s 
advanced and nefarious cyber attacks, which have become more 
prevalent, sophisticated, and complex. With increasing demands on IT 
and networking professionals, it can be a challenge to replace end-of-
service and end-of-life equipment. It can also be difficult for customers 
to prioritize the implementation of critical security updates and patches.
Cisco has been sounding the alarm on the importance of updating 
and maintaining deployed network infrastructure for years. In 2023, 
we joined forces with technology providers, security experts, and 
network operators to launch the Network Resilience Coalition to raise 
awareness of the issue from various perspectives, understand its true 
scope and scale, and provide recommendations and a coordinated 
framework for improving network security. It helps to bridge the gaps 
between vendors of networking technology, like Cisco, and customers 
who manage complex networking systems with limited resources. 
Together, we can better plan how to manage risk and optimize the 
secure operation of critical networking equipment over its lifespan.
Learn more about 
security, privacy, and trust.
FY23 Purpose Report  | 13
Future
For All
Intro
Power
Inclusive
Looking Ahead

Embracing transparency in 
software development 
We work to enhance transparency, security, and privacy across 
our network. Cisco is committed to meeting customer needs for 
software transparency, including requirements that stem from 
the U.S. Executive Order on Improving the Nation's Cybersecurity 
and the pending European Union's Cyber-Resilience Act. 
Our Cisco Trust Portal allows on-demand access to Cisco security, 
trust, and privacy compliance documents. In addition, our Privacy by 
Design approach reflects our responsible use of personal data, 
which continues to be important to our customers, as seen in the 
2023 Data Privacy Benchmark Study.
Training the next generation 
of security professionals 
Cisco promotes technology skills through programs like Cisco 
Networking Academy, and in 2022 we partnered with the U.S. White 
House to expand and enhance the United States’ cyber workforce 
through education and training. In addition, the U.S. Department 
of Labor certified three Cisco digital- and cybersecurity-focused 
apprenticeships, helping to enable public and private entities to 
source diverse, work-ready apprentices.
Talos, Cisco’s threat intelligence arm, hosted a cohort of interns 
and partnered with Cisco Crisis Response to train nongovernmental 
organizations on security and privacy fundamentals. 
Keeping the lights 
on in a war zone
The Russian invasion of Ukraine 
began nearly two years ago—but 
cyber aggression against Ukraine 
began much earlier and remains 
an important battlefront in the war. 
Cisco Talos provides cybersecurity 
solutions to Ukrainian government 
organizations and their critical 
infrastructure, and recently extended 
protection to 45,000 endpoints in Ukraine.
In 2023, Talos found another way to help 
Ukraine beyond the cyber realm—by ensuring the 
country’s energy sector could continue to function despite 
Russian kinetic attacks on critical infrastructure. Ukraine’s high-
voltage electrical substations depend on the Global Positioning 
System (GPS) for precise time synchronization, which is essential for 
critical tasks. Ukraine is saturated with electronic interference from 
the war, from Russia, and Ukraine itself. This makes it very difficult 
to keep power output stable, resulting in distribution challenges and 
possible blackouts. In response, Talos spearheaded a months-long 
effort to design and deploy custom devices to Ukraine that help 
substations to deliver a consistent power supply—keeping the lights 
on for a nation at war.
FY23 Purpose Report  | 14
Future
For All
Intro
Power
Inclusive
Looking Ahead

Human rights 
Advances in technology present new challenges and 
considerations about how the technologies people 
and businesses use every day impact human rights.
Cisco integrates a human rights by design approach to address 
salient human rights issues across our business. We published 
our Global Human Rights Policy more than a decade ago, and we 
update it regularly to reflect new developments in the way Cisco 
manages potential human rights impacts. We continue to mature 
our approach to these issues through enhanced governance, as 
well as the development of policies and procedures aimed at 
addressing human rights impacts across the value chain.
Governance of human 
rights issues
In fiscal 2023 we established a new Environmental, Social, and Public 
Policy Committee on Cisco’s Board of Directors, which oversees 
human rights issues and other ESG matters. Our Business and 
Human Rights team oversees human rights policy and implementation 
across Cisco, while our Supply Chain Sustainability team conducts 
human rights due diligence in our supply chain. Two cross-functional, 
executive-level committees—our Human Rights Advisory Committee 
and Supply Chain ESG Committee—provide guidance on human rights 
risks and strategy. 
Cisco rose to third place from 
11th out of 60 information and 
communications technology 
(ICT) companies on Know the 
Chain’s benchmark, which 
assesses companies’ abilities 
to manage human rights risks in 
their supply chain. 
FY23 Purpose Report  | 15
Future
For All
Intro
Power
Inclusive
Looking Ahead

A human-centered approach to the product lifecycle
Cisco considers potential human rights impacts at every stage of our value chain. We assess effects on stakeholders, 
including vulnerable workers in our supply chain, users of our products and solutions, and other impacted populations. 
Here’s how: 
RESPONSIBLE MINERAL 
SOURCING
We collaborate with supply chain 
partners to promote responsible 
sourcing of minerals and to identify 
and prevent sourcing from mines 
linked to armed conflict or human 
rights violations.  
COMPONENT AND PRODUCT 
MANUFACTURING 
Supply chain workers in manufacturing 
facilities face a variety of potential 
risks, including forced labor, safety 
hazards, and chemical exposure. We 
work across our global supply chain 
to identify and mitigate these risks. 
Workers can leverage Cisco’s EthicsLine 
as a grievance mechanism to share 
concerns with Cisco if they are unable 
to resolve issues with employers.
PRODUCT DESIGN
Human rights impact assessments 
and Responsible AI impact 
assessments help us design and 
build our products. We consider 
the needs of vulnerable users, 
intended and unintended uses 
of our products, and unique use 
cases to address potential risks. 
PRODUCT-LEVEL DILIGENCE 
Cisco strives to identify and prevent 
human rights harms associated with 
the use of our technology. As part 
of this effort, Cisco complies with 
human rights driven trade controls 
and conducts human rights due 
diligence on transactions that present 
heightened potential human rights 
risks, considering product capabilities, 
purposes, and users.
PRODUCT END-OF-LIFE 
We design products to allow for 
self-service data wiping, helping 
to ensure a right to privacy. Cisco 
works with a number of e-scrap 
recyclers and other partners 
who disassemble our equipment, 
and we hold those partners 
accountable to our Supplier Code 
of Conduct.
FY23 Purpose Report  | 16
Future
For All
Intro
Power
Inclusive
Looking Ahead

ESG  
Reporting Hub
Sourcing minerals responsibly 
While Cisco does not directly procure minerals from mines or the 
smelters or refiners (SORs) that process them, we collaborate with 
suppliers to conduct due diligence in accordance with our Responsible 
Minerals Policy. Cisco is a member of the Responsible Minerals Initiative 
of the Responsible Business Alliance (RBA) where we participate 
in working groups to increase SOR participation in third-party audit 
schemes. Conformance to these industry standards is important as it 
serves as an indicator of decreased likelihood of human rights risks, 
links to conflict financing, and the existence of corruption in the trade 
of minerals. In Cisco’s supply chain, 71 percent of the 3TG (tantalum, 
tin, tungsten, and gold) SORs and 61 percent of the cobalt refiners 
reported by our surveyed suppliers were conformant or active in a 
third-party audit program. Cisco also works to improve conditions 
for miners and the communities they live in globally.
Cisco is a member of the Public-Private Alliance for Responsible 
Minerals Trade and the European Partnership for Responsible Minerals 
(EPRM). We support the EPRM-funded Sustainable Trade in Artisanal 
Gold program, which benefits miners in Burkina Faso by improving 
and scaling responsible sourcing tools and practices. We also 
contribute to the RCS Global Better Mining program, which monitors 
working conditions at artisanal and small-scale mines in and around 
the Democratic Republic of the Congo.
Addressing modern slavery and 
protecting vulnerable workers
Cisco’s supply chain is vast and global. Engaging with suppliers to 
drive conformance to our human rights policies is an ongoing effort 
that requires constant vigilance. Our due diligence occasionally reveals 
that workers in our supply chain have paid recruitment fees, which 
is considered a risk of bonded labor and is against Cisco policy. In 
fiscal 2023, at nonconformant supplier facilities where workers were 
identified as having paid prohibited recruitment fees, we oversaw the 
reimbursement of US$2.2 million to 1865 workers.
Certain groups, including ethnic minorities, migrant workers, women, 
children, and LGBTQ+ communities, face heightened risk for forced 
labor and other human rights risks. To demonstrate our commitment 
to protect these groups, Cisco published the Respecting the Rights of 
Vulnerable Groups Policy, as an extension of our existing human rights 
commitments, in fiscal 2023.
Promoting worker rights
Cisco is a founder and active member of the RBA and adopted the 
RBA Code of Conduct as our Supplier Code of Conduct. The Code 
sets standards for labor, health and safety, environment, ethics, and 
management systems, and Cisco assesses our suppliers’ conformance 
to the Code using tools such as self-assessments and third-party 
audits. In fiscal 2023, 169 Cisco supplier facilities completed RBA 
audits. We estimate these audits covered more than 446,000 workers 
in our supply chain.1
We work to incorporate the perspectives of people who work in our 
supply chain to inform our human rights programs. In fiscal 2023, 
we conducted a Human Rights Impact Assessment that included 
interviews with hundreds of workers to identify human rights risks 
and concerns. We are incorporating these insights into our human 
rights strategy, programming, and due diligence processes. 
1 The RBA is an industry standard scheme 
which allows suppliers of multiple customers 
to demonstrate conformance to a single 
responsible business conduct standard. 
Number of workers represents the total 
supply chain workers in the entire supplier 
facility audited.
446,000+
supply chain workers covered by 
audits conducted during fiscal 20231
Learn more about our efforts related 
to human rights in our supply chain.
FY23 Purpose Report  | 17
Future
For All
Intro
Power
Inclusive
Looking Ahead

Improving health and safety 
Cisco works to build suppliers' capabilities to identify and address 
health and safety issues. Since fiscal 2022, we have partnered with 
the nonprofit Social Accountability International to implement its 
TenSquared program that runs for 100 days and brings together 
supply chain workers and managers to collaboratively address 
occupational health and safety challenges. Deploying TenSquared 
has revealed that greater worker engagement can yield sustainable 
solutions to workplace safety issues, such as the consistent use of 
personal protective equipment or the safe operation of machinery. 
The program increases managers’ awareness of workers’ abilities to 
contribute solutions, while simultaneously helping workers feel more 
comfortable sharing their ideas.
Countering the cyber 
mercenary market 
Cisco continues to observe a concerning growth in the use of “cyber 
mercenaries,” private-sector actors who develop and provide intrusive 
cyber capabilities to their clients—often governments—for a fee. These 
capabilities allow access to networks, computers, phones, or Internet-
connected devices in ways that violate human rights and undermine 
democratic principles. While these tools are often billed as a way to 
fight terrorism and crime, they are often deployed against dissidents, 
activists, and journalists instead. 
As we take a security-first approach to our products and services, we 
also continue to advocate for both industry partners and governments 
worldwide to support a secure online ecosystem. In 2023, we were 
a principal co-author of the Cybersecurity Tech Accord’s principles 
limiting offensive operations in cyberspace, which received favorable 
mention at the Summit for Democracy hosted in Washington, D.C. 
by the governments of the United States, Costa Rica, Kenya, Korea, 
Netherlands, and Zambia.
In October 2023, Cisco 
was named a Leader in the 
Global Child Forum's annual 
benchmark report. This 
designation recognizes that 
Cisco has taken concrete steps 
to embed children's rights into 
company practice, including 
following up through monitoring, 
transparent reporting, and 
programs to create action for 
children's rights.
FY23 Purpose Report  | 18
Future
For All
Intro
Power
Inclusive
Looking Ahead

Taking a principled approach 
to artificial intelligence 
Advances in AI, including generative AI, have the potential to 
revolutionize our industry and transform many aspects of how we live, 
work, and connect. These tools also have the potential to provide 
false, misleading, and biased outputs and expose confidential and 
personal information. In Cisco’s 2023 Data Privacy Benchmark Study, 
62 percent of respondents said that they were concerned about 
businesses’ use of AI, with 60 percent saying they have already lost 
some trust in organizations because of their AI use. 
For Cisco, responsible business practices are core to who we are. 
And over the years, as we’ve incorporated AI technology to design 
differentiated solutions and help our customers connect, automate, 
and stay secure, we’ve done so with a keen focus on respecting 
privacy and human rights along the way. 
At its core, AI is about data. And if you’re using data, privacy 
is paramount. In 2015, we created a dedicated privacy team to 
embed privacy by design as a core component of our development 
methodologies. This team is responsible for conducting privacy 
impact assessments (PIAs) as part of the Cisco Secure Development 
Lifecycle. These PIAs are a mandatory step in our product development 
lifecycle and our IT and business processes. 
As the use of AI became more widespread, and the implications more 
novel, it became clear that we needed to build upon our foundation 
of privacy to develop a program to match the specific risks and 
opportunities associated with this new technology. In 2022, we 
published Cisco’s Responsible AI (RAI) Principles to document 
our position on AI and our RAI Framework to operationalize our 
approach. Cisco’s RAI Framework aligns to the National Institute of 
Standards and Technology (NIST) AI Risk Management Framework 
and sets the foundation for our AI Impact Assessment process. 
A cross-functional team of Cisco subject matter experts developed 
our AI Impact Assessment process, modeling it on Cisco’s PIA 
program. Through this process, trained assessors gather information 
to surface and mitigate risks associated with the intended, as well 
as unintended, use cases for each submission. These assessments 
look at various aspects of how AI could be used during product 
development, including by the development team, as well as for the 
model, training data, fine tuning, prompts, privacy practices, and 
testing methodologies. The ultimate goal is to identify, understand, 
and mitigate any issues related to Cisco’s RAI Principles of transparency, 
fairness, accountability, privacy, security, and reliability.
We follow this assessment process when our engineering teams are 
developing a solution or feature powered by AI. We also use it when 
Cisco engages a third-party vendor to provide AI tools or services for 
our internal operations.
Cisco 
Responsible AI 
Principles
Transparency
Transparency
Fairness
Fairness
Accountability
Accountability
Reliability
Reliability
Security
Security
Privacy
Privacy
FY23 Purpose Report  | 19
Future
For All
Intro
Power
Inclusive
Looking Ahead

Digital inclusion
As digital technologies advance, those without access 
risk being left further behind. 
Barriers to access can take many forms, including lack of 
infrastructure, affordability, and accommodations for users with 
disabilities. Cisco works strategically to address each one, so that 
more people can enjoy the benefits of digital connections. 
ESG  
Reporting Hub
Providing educational content 
to offline communities 
Many of our investments through Cisco and Cisco Foundation 
connect unconnected communities to the Internet. In remote parts 
of the world, where around-the-clock connectivity is not possible 
or practical, we find ways to deliver digital content and services that 
users can access even when an Internet connection is out of reach. 
For example, the nonprofit World Possible creates miniature 
networks using remote area servers that save terabytes of mobile 
data downloads and enable schools, libraries, and nongovernmental 
organizations (NGOs) to access educational and digital content that 
they otherwise would have no way to access. World Possible uses 
a mobile app connected to a cloud-based content catalog. Content 
is copied to a device, transported to a remote server location, and 
synchronized securely with a community server. At the same time, 
email communication, usage statistics, and requests for new content 
updates are collected from the site. Our recent investment expanded 
education access in remote areas of over 53 countries, including 
Kiribati, Cambodia, Guatemala, and Malawi.
Cisco also invests in CODE.org to provide computer science curricula 
to remote and rural communities in Latin America, Asia, and Africa. 
Our most recent investment supported platform architecture upgrades 
that improved user experience, including for low-bandwidth and 
offline learners. 
1 in 3 people worldwide 
lack Internet access. 
Increasing Internet access 
and affordability could 
bring 500 million people 
out of poverty and increase 
global economic output by 
US$6.7 trillion.
Learn more about Cisco's 
work toward digital inclusion.
FY23 Purpose Report  | 20
Future
For All
Intro
Power
Inclusive
Looking Ahead

Powering inclusion 
through accessibility
Cisco is working to accelerate disability inclusion with our 
products, workplace policies, and our partnerships. 
We are a signatory to the Valuable 500 commitment, 
a global partnership of 500 companies, representing 
22 million employees, working together to end disability 
exclusion in the workplace.
Our Cisco Webex Platform Design team is making updates 
to better serve people with vision impairments. According 
to a WebAIM survey, almost half of web users use a screen 
magnifier when browsing websites, with a quarter using 
400 percent magnification. Our upgrades will allow users to 
interact with Cisco Webex tools at this zoom level. We also 
recognize the importance of accessibility in virtual meetings, 
where, according to a recent survey, over 60 percent of 
respondents experience accessibility barriers. In May 2023, 
Webex introduced a new integration in collaboration with 
Voiceitt, a leading speech recognition technology for 
non-standard speech. This integration provides AI 
captioning and transcription capabilities, making it easier 
for people with speech impairments to participate fully and 
be understood during virtual meetings. 
We’re enhancing accessibility in the Cisco workplace. 
Through Social Justice Action 12, we conducted interviews 
across the business, including people who identified as 
disabled or neurodivergent, leading to a new suite of 
resources to help employees of all abilities thrive.
Digitization for good
Since 2015, Cisco has collaborated with governments, industries, and academia to advance national 
digital agendas through the CDA program. Technology has enormous potential to deliver economic 
growth, create jobs, and improve the lives of citizens. However, it can also create digital divides and 
reinforce existing inequities. Through CDA, we enable countries to embrace the potential of digital 
and deliver technology that supports inclusion and accessibility for all. Here are a few ways that CDA 
projects are making a difference: 
HEALTHCARE INFRASTRUCTURE IN INDIA
We collaborated with the Assam state government and NGO Piramal Swasthya to launch “Niramay,” a 
pilot program to strengthen digital healthcare infrastructure. We supported the deployment of AMRIT, a 
technology platform developed by Piramal Swasthya to create and store electronic health records. AMRIT 
was deployed in 24 health centers, three primary care clinics, and three first referral units to enable 
faster diagnostics, telemedicine interactions, and collection of medical data at the grassroots level.
EMERGENCY PREPAREDNESS IN COLOMBIA
We partnered with the government to pilot a flood warning system in an area with limited connectivity 
and no electricity. A solar-powered system provides an alert when a nearby river is at risk of 
flooding, providing the local government with valuable time to mobilize disaster response. 
CRISIS SUPPORT IN THE UNITED STATES
We partnered with the City of El Paso to launch El Paso Helps, an online portal through 
which people experiencing crisis and homelessness can access social services. A live 
agent can offer assistance for basic needs, housing placement, emergency shelter, and 
connections to trained social workers.
COUNTRY DIGITAL 
ACCELERATION PROGRESS
1300
active or completed CDA 
projects in
50 
countries
FY23 Purpose Report  | 21
Future
For All
Intro
Power
Inclusive
Looking Ahead

ESG  
Reporting Hub
Ethics and integrity
At Cisco, we pride ourselves on a culture of integrity, both 
in the workplace and the marketplace. Our ethical culture 
includes feeling safe, speaking up, and raising concerns.
Cisco’s values and high expectations of employees are expressed 
in our Code of Business Conduct (COBC). Employees certify to the 
COBC and complete training on its content. In fiscal 2023, 99.9 
percent of Cisco employees completed their annual certification and 
training within 45 days of launch. The latest training included a section 
dedicated to reminding and encouraging employees to speak up freely.
Cisco also translated the Ethics Line into additional languages in 
2023, and we continue to do so to reach our increasingly global 
population. If an employee identifies a concern or has a question that 
the COBC doesn’t answer, we encourage them to reach out to the 
Ethics Office, their human resources representative, a member of 
the Legal team, or their manager. Increasingly, Cisco is focused on 
emphasizing our ethical culture to our partner network, encouraging 
partners to use the Ethics Office to raise questions or report potential 
ethics violations.
CHART 1:
Reports to Ethics Office
2021
2022
2023
1190
1646
1644
CHART 2:
Fiscal 2023 reports by type 
Learn more about how to 
report a concern.
FY23 Purpose Report  | 22
Future
For All
Intro
Power
Inclusive
Looking Ahead

Inclusive
Accelerate fairness, inclusion, and 
equitable access to opportunity
Cisco’s commitment to our people powers our ability to 
drive positive societal change. We are recognized among 
the world’s best workplaces, and we continually strive to 
improve. For us, doing right by our people is not only a moral 
imperative but a strategic one. Fostering a thriving, inclusive, 
and supportive workplace culture is intrinsically linked to our 
broader purpose of powering an inclusive future for all.
FY23 Purpose Report  | 23
Future
For All
Intro
Power
Inclusive
Looking Ahead

ESG  
Reporting Hub
Diversity, equity, 
and inclusion
Our employees come from every walk of life and every part of the 
world, and there is power in those perspectives.
Our business has always been about enabling people to connect and collaborate 
across distance and difference. We believe diversity, equity, and inclusion (DEI) 
is a core competency that we leverage to accelerate and amplify Cisco’s existing 
business goals and mission. It is intrinsic to who we are—and who we intend to 
be long into the future. 
Over the past several years, we have seen many organizations commit to—then 
back away from—DEI work. The opposite is happening at Cisco. Many of our 
programs that support underrepresented employees have been in place for more 
than a decade. In 2020, we deepened our work to create a more diverse and 
inclusive workplace and to address historic inequities both within and beyond our 
company. In fiscal 2023, we strengthened our top-level commitment with two 
key appointments: Gloria Goins, Cisco’s new Chief Diversity, Equity, and Inclusion 
Officer, and Brian Tippens, Cisco’s first Chief Social Impact Officer.
DEI informs all aspects of how Cisco recruits, develops, and engages our people. 
Through fairness assessments, we look beyond pay to support equity in terms of 
promotions, stock grant values, and bonuses. We enable employees to share their 
pronouns through our technology and encourage them to connect with others 
through employee resource groups, which we call Cisco Inclusive Communities. 
Our teams accomplished a lot over the past few years—and we know that we still 
have a long way to go. We won’t stop until we’ve realized our vision of creating 
an inclusive future for everyone, everywhere. 
Learn more about DEI.
FY23 Purpose Report  | 24
Future
For All
Intro
Power
Inclusive
Looking Ahead

Catalyzing change through Inclusive Communities
Nearly a third of our employees are members of at least one Cisco Inclusive Community. These groups drive their 
own initiatives aligned to Cisco’s DEI strategy to support full-spectrum diversity and work together across our global 
enterprise, driving engagement and creating a more Conscious Culture. Some examples of what our communities 
focused on in fiscal 2023: 
Adult Caregivers Network
Providing education and resources for 
our caregiver community
Conexión 
Launching a leadership coaching program for 
Latinx and Hispanic employees
Connected Asian Affinity Network
Helping Asian and Asian American employees 
further their careers
Connected Black Professionals 
Recruiting and retaining Black talent
Connected Disability Awareness 
Network 
Raising awareness of accessibility, disability, 
and neurodivergence
Interfaith Network
Advocating for policy that's sensitive to the 
needs of people with faith
PRIDE LGBTQ+ & Allies
Driving inclusion in Cisco and local communities
Women of Cisco
Highlighting intersections between DEI 
and sustainability
29 
Inclusive 
Communities
316
chapters across
 77 
countries
1000+ 
volunteer leaders
FY23 Purpose Report  | 25
Future
For All
Intro
Power
Inclusive
Looking Ahead

Making connections that accelerate careers
Cisco has programs to build relationships and create opportunities for underrepresented employees. Now that each of these 
programs has been in place for several years, we’re starting to see meaningful results: 
The Multiplier Effect 
Asks Cisco leaders to pledge to sponsor 
an employee with a different background 
from themselves
100%
of Cisco leaders at or above 
Vice President level have pledged
The Proximity Initiative
Encourages one-on-one dialogues about lived 
experiences between leaders and employees 
across the full spectrum of diversity
2100+
proximity meetings 
held since 2019
Jump and DARE
Retains future women leaders by providing 
the knowledge and tools needed for their 
career journeys at Cisco
2400+
current alumnae of the 
DARE and Jump programs
After these programs, I really felt like 
that’s where my career started to 
accelerate. It’s where I realized what 
my potential could be, and I really 
started to work toward that. It taught 
me to be brave and courageous. 
And you feel like you’re supported 
by some really close friends, even 
though you start out as strangers.”
- Nish Parkar, Marketing and Communications 
Leader, Jump and DARE alumna
FY23 Purpose Report  | 26
Future
For All
Intro
Power
Inclusive
Looking Ahead

Employee 
experience
We know we get the best ideas and insights when we 
listen to and learn from our people.
One of the channels for employees to provide regular candid 
feedback is through our Real Deal survey, first launched in fiscal 2016. 
Recent responses highlighted a common theme—the need for clearer 
pathways for career advancement. This helped shape the launch 
of Career & Learning, Cisco’s first dedicated career strategy that 
employees can use to accelerate their professional development. It is 
built on the idea that careers need to be driven by individuals, enabled 
by leaders, and supported by the systems around us.
Our people strategy is also guided by ongoing Future of Work 
research, which analyzes the employee experience and helps inform 
solutions for employees navigating hybrid work. From this research 
and our Real Deal insights, we learned that regular check-ins with 
leaders predict higher employee engagement and career success, 
and our people want more consistent and open conversations with 
their leaders. These findings helped inform the new performance and 
development strategies we rolled out this year to help ensure the 
success of our leaders and teams.
Catalyzing team development
Through internal research and feedback channels, our employees 
shared their interest in greater development resources. In response, 
we developed a quarterly program for all Cisco employees, 
Illuminate. We began our Illuminate journey in 2022, and in fiscal 
2023 we continued to expand our program with new areas of 
focus for collective growth. Illuminate your Career aimed to inspire 
all employees to unlock their career aspirations by building their 
brand and growing their network, and visits to our internal Career 
& Learning site increased 591 percent following the event. Access 
to personalized one-on-one career coaching sessions was also 
extended to all Cisconians. Illuminate Your Team enabled leaders 
and teams to engage in self-paced workshops focused on building 
healthy, high-performing teams in a hybrid world. After the event, 
90 percent of attendees reported confidence that the action plans 
they developed would help their team work better together.
Upskilling our teams at a 
crucial moment
Technology continues to shape our world and our work. Now more 
than ever, technical literacy is crucial for workers in many fields. Cisco’s 
TECH for Non-TECH program focuses on upskilling and career mobility 
for people in nontechnical roles and provides a better understanding 
of the technical aspects of Cisco’s products. Interactive virtual classes 
cover topics like cloud computing, networking, data science, security, 
software development, and emerging technologies. In fiscal 2023 we 
launched 21 new course offerings and reached 7471 attendees.  
2.3 million
Team Space Check-Ins submitted
85% 
of employees submitted 
Check-Ins
8% 
increase from 
fiscal 2022 
FY23 Purpose Report  | 27
Future
For All
Intro
Power
Inclusive
Looking Ahead

ESG  
Reporting Hub
Nurturing our culture 
from day one
New Cisconians learn about all aspects of our company as part of 
their orientation—My Onboarding Journey—and Culture Ambassadors 
are there to welcome them! By volunteering to join panels as part of 
the orientation process, Culture Ambassadors foster our company 
culture and a sense of community through sharing their knowledge 
and mentorship. They share their perspectives and experiences, 
and help create an inclusive environment where new employees 
from around the world feel supported, empowered, and encouraged 
to bring to life one of Cisco’s guiding principles—give your best. As 
expressed by one volunteer panelist, Lisa Andrews: “When we foster 
dynamic, successful teams that collaborate and perform, our business, 
people, and communities all benefit.”
The power of our people
In fiscal 2023, over 220 new volunteers joined 
the Ambassador Hub, an internal site to foster 
engagement among the greatest champions 
of our Cisco culture. The space recognizes 
employees who have participated in our 
onboarding program for new hires and shared 
their stories in live panel discussions.
By sharing our stories, challenges, 
and solutions, we provide a more 
holistic understanding of what it 
means to be a part of Cisco.”
- Mohit Sharma, Consulting Engineer
Learn more about employee experience.
FY23 Purpose Report  | 28
Future
For All
Intro
Power
Inclusive
Looking Ahead

ESG  
Reporting Hub
Health and 
wellbeing
We help employees take care of themselves and their 
families, recognizing that a healthy workforce is the 
foundation for a thriving and resilient organization. 
To ensure that our health and wellbeing programs align with employees’ 
needs, we actively seek input through Real Deal surveys, extensive 
wellbeing research, partnership with our Inclusive Communities, 
monitoring of healthcare trends, and more.
Embracing diverse 
parenting challenges
Cisco offers a range of benefits that acknowledge and address the 
unique demands of parenthood. RethinkCare, a program to support 
Cisco parents of children with a learning, social, or behavioral 
challenge, or a developmental disability, offers expert consultations, 
evidence-based education, and a library of skill-based content. New 
in fiscal 2023, we expanded offerings to provide support and advice 
on various modern-day parenting issues, including managing child 
tantrums, communicating effectively with teenagers, and navigating 
device usage. 
Broadening support 
for neurodiversity
Listening to our neurodivergent employees is integral to creating 
a workplace where all can thrive. In fiscal 2023, we created a 
global Neurodivergent focus area of the Connected Disability 
Awareness Network (CDAN). Additionally, the CDAN chapter in our 
Europe, Middle East, and Africa (EMEA) region partnered with Lexxic, 
a consultancy that helps organizations develop neurodiverse-friendly 
environments, to provide education and resources tailored to the needs 
of neurodivergent employees. In the United Kingdom, we incorporated 
neurodivergence and sensory considerations into the remodel of our 
London office, setting a precedent for future workplace design. These 
advancements have been largely driven by neurodivergent employees 
themselves, sparking transformative dialogues and fostering meaningful 
changes within the organization. 
Evolving the Cisco 
Mind Set program
Cisco Mind Set empowers employees to manage stress and enhance 
their overall wellbeing. In fiscal 2023, we launched a pilot initiative to 
transform this individual-focused program into a team experience. 
This shift fosters culture change by encouraging entire teams to 
embark on mindfulness training together, integrating mindfulness 
practices into team rituals and work practices. 
Learn more about health, wellbeing, and 
benefits, as well as programs to keep 
employees safe.
FY23 Purpose Report  | 29
Future
For All
Intro
Power
Inclusive
Looking Ahead

Championing women’s wellness
Cisco doesn’t shy away from difficult conversations on sensitive 
topics. Our Women of Cisco Inclusive Community’s annual Women 
of Impact event featured discussions on crucial women’s health 
concerns, like “Mastering Midlife,” which opened up conversations 
about menopause-related issues and featured senior leaders 
sharing their personal stories. The ripple effect of these powerful 
conversations extended regionally, notably in the United Kingdom, 
where employees and experts engaged in public discussions about 
infertility, menstruation, and loss of a child. 
Conversations are just the beginning. Cisco also demonstrated its 
dedication to women’s health with a new virtual pelvic health program 
in the United States. This pioneering initiative provides virtual physical 
therapy for pelvic health at various life stages, addressing the needs 
of those with vaginal anatomy who may never intend to have children, 
those trying to conceive, those who have already given birth, and 
those in menopause. 
Prioritizing mental health equity
We are committed to creating a work environment that values and 
prioritizes mental health and wellbeing—and destigmatizes seeking 
treatment for mental health concerns. Recognizing the importance 
of affordability for mental health care, Cisco recently embarked on a 
comprehensive mental health parity analysis, examining the coverage 
gap between physical and mental health needs in various countries. In 
several locations, we adjusted coverage so that mental health support 
mirrors what is provided for physical health concerns. But some gaps 
remain, due to the complex landscape of insurance markets and 
healthcare systems in certain parts of the world. As we continue to 
advocate for necessary changes in provider networks, we not only 
enhance support for our own employees but also help drive broader 
improvements across the industry.
At Cisco, we recognize that mental 
health is health. We can only build a 
culture of inclusivity and authenticity 
when we support our people across 
all aspects of health and wellbeing.”
- Sheila Champion-Smeeth, 
Global Head of Wellbeing
FY23 Purpose Report  | 30
Future
For All
Intro
Power
Inclusive
Looking Ahead

Employee 
community impact 
Giving back is an important aspect of our culture. It’s a 
way for our employees to bring Cisco’s purpose to life—
and it’s a sign of employee engagement. 
In fiscal 2023, 85 percent of employees participated in community 
impact—the highest level yet. We measure impact by employees’ 
actions, including advocating for causes they care about, environmental 
sustainability actions, volunteering (virtual and in-person), donating, 
digital give-back experiences, and learning about nonprofits through 
lunch-and-learns. We also launched a new Community Impact Portal 
and removed the monetary minimum to nominate a nonprofit for 
donation matching, lowering the barrier for employees to take action. As 
a result, we raised more than US$27 million in fiscal 2023 in employee 
donations and matching gifts to nonprofits.
We completed a three-year study that examined Cisco employees’ 
participation in community impact alongside their performance, 
including their likeliness to remain at Cisco, get recognized, and get 
promoted. The results confirmed what we have long suspected: 
employees, leaders, and teams that engage in community impact 
outperform those who do not. 
This finding aligns with countless anecdotal examples of employees 
who are empowered to champion causes they care about, engage 
their teams to get involved, and gain valuable leadership skills 
that contribute to their professional development. This correlation 
suggests that if Cisco can attract employees who are excited about 
our community impact mission, these employees will build upon our 
existing momentum—and go even further to bring our purpose to life. 
The power of participation
SINCE FY20:
>80% 
employee community impact participation 
every year, including advocacy, 
volunteering, donations, and more
US$127 million
raised through employee donations 
and matching gifts
2 million
volunteer hours recorded
7100+ 
global causes and U.S. schools supported
IN FY23:
71,000+ 
employees took action to give back
US$27 million
in employee donations and matching gifts
702,000+
employee volunteer hours
Employees who take at 
least one community impact 
action per year, compared 
to those who do not, have: 
	
●Lower attrition
	
●More promotions
	
●More recognition from peers
FY23 Purpose Report  | 31
Future
For All
Intro
Power
Inclusive
Looking Ahead

ESG  
Reporting Hub
Protecting our environment
Cisco employees are highly engaged on sustainability. We have 24 Green 
Team Networks worldwide that drive environmental change, offer 
resources and training on circular design and sustainability solutions, 
and host an annual SustainX event in celebration of Earth Day. 
For more than 25 years, we have hosted electronics recycling 
events, gathering 111 tons of material in 2023. Employees also 
participate in volunteer cleanup events. For example, Thottikallu Falls 
is a popular natural area and attraction near Bangalore, India, but 
littering and pollution have impacted the falls’ natural beauty. In fiscal 
2023, over 250 Cisco volunteers participated in the area's cleanup 
and gathered over 2200 pounds of trash.
We also recently launched “Ask The Experts,” a program where 
employees can hear from Cisco thought leaders on how emerging 
technologies are used to power a more sustainable future. 
Connecting inclusion and impact
Cisco’s Inclusive Communities engage employees around an identity 
or topic of interest, including community engagement. For example, 
we launched HAVEN to expand opportunities for people interested in 
addressing homelessness in their communities. Our Women in Science 
and Engineering group organized career panels, coaching events, and 
mock interviews for women exploring science, technology, engineering, 
and mathematics (STEM) careers. The Alzheimer’s Support Network 
held its annual executive auction and raised US$152,000 for Cisco's 
National Alzheimer's team, making Cisco the #1 tech fundraising 
team to participate in the Walk to End Alzheimer’s. Pride LGBTQ+ & 
Allies established a new chapter in Singapore, organized Pride events 
globally, and engaged with Cisco leaders in support of a US$100,000 
donation made through Cisco's donor-advised fund at the Silicon Valley 
Community Foundation to the Human Rights Campaign, whose mission 
is to end discrimination against LGBTQ+ people and realize a world that 
achieves fundamental fairness and equality for all.
Sparking change in Lebanon
In fiscal 2023, a Cisco Inclusive Community, 
Lebanese at Cisco, participated in a range of 
impactful initiatives:
	
●
Empowering youth: Collaborating with Life 
Project 4 Youth, members conducted mock 
interviews with economically disadvantaged 
youth, sharpening their interview skills and 
fostering confidence in their professional 
development.
	
●
Philanthropy in action: Partnering with 
arcenciel, a nonprofit that serves marginalized 
communities, Cisco donated over US$600,000 
worth of Cisco products and technology, 
connecting 12 centers across the country.
	
●
Fueling warmth: In response to a nationwide 
power outage, members raised funds and 
secured 10 tons of fuel for an elder care 
home in North Lebanon, ensuring comfort 
during the harsh winter.
	
●
Ramadan outreach: During Ramadan, 
members partnered with nonprofit Ahla 
Fawda to host a meal for the Lebanese Civil 
Defense, a public emergency medical service. 
The community also distributed food parcels 
and partnered with the Cisco Foundation to 
donate a defibrillator to the organization.
I am constantly inspired by 
stories of people across 
Cisco, in different cities and 
countries, who give back. 
Through our technology, 
philanthropy, and 
community engagement, 
we have a real opportunity 
to make a significant mark 
on this planet.
-Jonathan Davidson, 
EVP/GM, Cisco Networking
Learn more about our 
employees in action.
FY23 Purpose Report  | 32
Future
For All
Intro
Power
Inclusive
Looking Ahead

Future
Help advance a sustainable and 
regenerative future for our planet
Around the world, businesses are undergoing two 
simultaneous shifts: the digitization of their operations, 
products, and services, and the demand from stakeholders 
to decarbonize and embrace a regenerative future. Cisco 
is supporting our customers in both of these transitions. 
We lead the way by reducing the environmental impacts of 
our own operations, designing more energy-efficient and 
circular products, engaging our suppliers to reduce their 
impacts, and investing with intention in communities at the 
forefront of the climate crisis. 
FY23 Purpose Report  | 33
Future
For All
Intro
Power
Inclusive
Looking Ahead

ESG  
Reporting Hub
The Plan for 
Possible
In a world where climate change is amplifying 
natural disasters, food shortages, and mass 
migrations, we are embedding sustainability 
into the way we operate.
Through collaboration, we believe we can help build not just a 
sustainable future, but a regenerative one. This means moving 
to a mindset in which we build the capacity of our social and 
environmental systems to heal and thrive.
Cisco published its first corporate citizenship report in 2005. 
Since that time, global atmospheric carbon levels have 
increased from approximately 379 to 419 parts per million. 
Average land and ocean temperatures have increased by 
more than half a degree. With this sense of urgency in mind, 
Cisco revealed The Plan for Possible, our next-generation 
environmental sustainability strategy, in fiscal 2023. The 
strategy has three priorities, as seen at right.
Underpinning our new strategy is an enhanced governance 
model, led by Cisco’s first Chief Sustainability Officer, 
Mary de Wysocki. In fiscal 2023, we created the Cisco 
Sustainability Council, with representation from functions 
across the business, to drive cross-company governance 
and execution. We also established governance processes 
for external communications, public goals, and claims related 
to environmental sustainability. 
Through enhanced governance, we are managing risk, 
increasing the transparency with which we communicate 
about sustainability, and upholding the high level of trust our 
customers and others have come to expect from Cisco.
Our plan to 
connect a 
regenerative 
future
Transition to 
clean energy
Lead in energy-efficiency 
innovation
Connect clean energy and 
digitize the grid
Collaborate with our 
customers, partners, and 
suppliers to accelerate the 
energy transition
Continue to increase our 
use of renewable energy in 
Cisco’s operations
Evolve to a 
regenerative, 
circular model
Adopt business models to extend 
the value of our products and 
reduce environmental impacts​
Invest in technology 
incubation to be at pace with 
environmental science
Champion a digital, 
nature-positive value chain, 
leveraging our global reach ​
Invest in resilient 
ecosystems
Reduce the impacts of our 
business on water, waste, 
ecosystems, and biodiversity
Enable communities to adapt to 
climate realities
Cultivate skills and talent for 
the regenerative economy
Deploy Cisco technology 
to protect and restore 
ecosystems and biodiversity
Harness AI, IoT, and blockchain to 
advance regenerative models​
Read more about how we’re driving sustainability 
across each of these priorities and explore data. 
FY23 Purpose Report  | 34
Future
For All
Intro
Power
Inclusive
Looking Ahead

Clean energy 
transitions 
Cisco has an opportunity to speed the transition to 
low-carbon energy within our own business and 
among our suppliers, customers, communities, and 
other stakeholders. 
Our focus on GHG emissions reduction is captured in our goal to 
reach net zero across our value chain (Scopes 1, 2, and 3) by 2040. 
This goal has been approved by the Science Based Targets initiative 
(SBTi) under its Net-Zero Standard, which is aligned with the need to 
limit global temperature rise to 1.5°C above preindustrial levels. Cisco 
was one of the first technology hardware and equipment companies 
to have its net-zero goal validated under the SBTi Net-Zero Standard.
Cisco’s approach to reaching net zero is anchored in reducing 
emissions across the value chain. Our goal is to reduce all scopes 
of emissions by at least 90 percent by 2040 and use high-quality 
carbon removal offsets to reduce no more than 10 percent of our 
residual emissions. 
GHG emissions reduction goals
Net-zero goal
By 2040: Reach net-zero GHG emissions across our value 
chain by reducing absolute Scope 1, 2, and 3 emissions 
by 90% (FY19 base year).1
We are reporting progress through the near-term 
targets below:
Near-term targets
By FY25: Reduce absolute Scope 1 and Scope 2 emissions by 90% (FY19 base year).1 
48% reduction
By FY30: Reduce absolute Scope 3 emissions from purchased goods and services, upstream 
transportation and distribution, and use of sold products by 30% (FY19 base year).2,3
14% reduction (based on Cisco’s current Scope 3 emissions calculation methodology and subject to change)4
1 We will neutralize any remaining emissions by removing an equal amount from the atmosphere.
2 The baseline and progress reported for our 2030 goal includes: purchased goods and services from manufacturing, component, and warehouse 
suppliers; upstream transportation and distribution from Cisco purchased air transportation; and use of sold products.
3 We updated our methodology in fiscal 2023 for calculating "Scope 3 Category 11: Use of sold products" to further align with the Greenhouse Gas 
Protocol. For more information on our current methodology, as well as data and goal tracking using our previous methodology, visit the 
Historic GHG methodology discussion in the Strategy, goals and emissions data section on our ESG Reporting Hub. 
4 We expect our progress to fluctuate year-over-year based on the number and type of products we sell each year. Due to increased product sales, 
there was an increase in GHG emissions in fiscal 2023, thus progress has decreased from fiscal 2022.
FY23 Purpose Report  | 35
Future
For All
Intro
Power
Inclusive
Looking Ahead

ESG  
Reporting Hub
How our footprint determines our path forward
Cisco fiscal 2023 emissions and decarbonization strategies by category
23%
PROCUREMENT AND PRODUCT 
MANUFACTURING (Scope 3 Categories 1 and 2)
About one fourth of our emissions come from 
purchased goods and services (including capital 
goods). For Cisco, this includes manufacturing and 
warehousing of Cisco components and products, 
and procurement of goods that support Cisco’s 
business. We are engaging with our suppliers to better 
understand their use of renewable energy, to set 
emissions reduction goals, and to help them engage 
with their own suppliers to tackle emissions.
70%
PRODUCT USE (Scope 3 Category 11)
The largest portion of our emissions results from the 
energy our products consume during use. We are 
addressing these emissions by investing in product 
energy efficiency through cooling systems, optics, and 
power sources, as well as working to understand our 
customers' renewable electricity use and strategy.
5%
LOGISTICS (Scope 3 Category 4)
We are addressing emissions produced by upstream 
transportation and distribution of our products by 
prioritizing ocean over air and engaging with suppliers 
to shift lower-emission modes of transport.
<1%
DIRECT OPERATIONS (Scope 1 and 2)
Emissions from the operation of Cisco facilities and 
assets account for 1 percent of our emissions—but they 
are also within our direct control. We’re addressing 
them through investments in renewable energy, energy 
efficiency, and building and fleet electrification. 
2%
ALL OTHER SCOPE 3 EMISSIONS
A small percentage of our emissions come from other 
Scope 3 categories such as employee business travel 
and commuting, downstream product transport, 
and end of use product treatment. We are exploring 
opportunities to reduce emissions in these categories.
Learn more about emissions reduction 
strategy, goals, and data.
Note: Numbers may not add up to 100 percent due to rounding.
FY23 Purpose Report  | 36
Future
For All
Intro
Power
Inclusive
Looking Ahead

Developing more 
sustainable products 
The majority of Cisco's Scope 3 emissions are attributable to product 
use. By embedding circularity and sustainability into the design of 
our products, we can have a significant impact. We are working to 
reduce our Scope 3 emissions, and our customers’ emissions, by 
engineering more energy-efficient products and developing solutions 
that can power smart buildings and other sustainable infrastructure. 
For example, the recently announced Cisco Silicon One G200 chip 
optimizes workloads while keeping costs and power low. For over a 
decade, Unified Computing System servers have been engineered 
with sustainability in mind. The product recently received the 2023 
Sustainability, Environmental Achievement, and Leadership (SEAL) 
Sustainable Product Award. Built with modular, easily removable 
components, its upgradeable designs help to extend the use of the 
chassis, power supply, cooling, and other major components, and 
are optimized for repair, reuse, and eventually recycling. The latest 
X-Series architecture also features technology innovations such as 
efficient 54V power distribution, intelligent fan controls, zone-based 
cooling, and 80 Plus Titanium-rated power supplies.
With network infrastructure growing increasingly complex, the Nexus 
Dashboard provides a single focal point to unite data center and cloud 
networking operations. Operators can use telemetry to learn about 
their network’s impact on energy, cost, and emissions through Cisco 
Nexus Dashboard Insights sustainability reports. Similarly, the Webex 
Control Hub recently launched the Carbon Emissions Insights widget, 
which allows companies to view the estimated energy consumption 
and carbon emissions of their Cisco devices.
Enabling smart grids
Enel, Italy’s largest electricity provider, uses 
Cisco technology to monitor its energy grid 
and preemptively address faults or failures. 
Cisco also helps Enel connect to renewable 
energy sources, like solar and wind energy, 
at scale, speeding the transition to a low-
carbon electrical grid. See our ESG Reporting 
Hub for more ways we’re helping customers. 
Our customers and partners are a key part 
of our environmental strategy to build a 
regenerative future. We are in a unique 
position to help them make progress 
toward their sustainability goals and enable 
them to optimize energy consumption, 
lower costs, achieve greater performance, 
and minimize their carbon footprint."
-Mary de Wysocki, Chief Sustainability Officer
FY23 Purpose Report  | 37
Future
For All
Intro
Power
Inclusive
Looking Ahead

Focusing on our direct operations 
Cisco has been developing and executing on initiatives to reduce 
the environmental impact of our facilities for more than 15 years. In 
fiscal 2023, we implemented 27 energy efficiency projects that avoid 
approximately 4.9 GWh of energy consumption and 2100 metric tonne 
carbon dioxide equivalent (CO2e) each year. To reduce Scope 1 and 2 
emissions and make progress on our near-term target, we plan to 
invest approximately US$39 million in renewable energy, energy 
efficiency, and electrification projects between fiscal years 2023 
and 2025. This includes a multiyear project to electrify fuel-burning 
heating systems in our buildings and increase the use of electric 
vehicles in our European company car fleet.
In fiscal 2023, approximately 91 percent of our global electricity 
came from renewable energy sources, including 100 percent in the 
United States, Canada, and various other countries. We are also 
making significant strides in India, where 81 percent of our electricity 
came from renewable sources in fiscal 2023. We will continue our 
focus on both our onsite and offsite renewable energy efforts over 
the next few years.
Through our hybrid work strategy, we are adopting more sustainable 
building practices that are not only more efficient, but also make for 
more productive places to work. By focusing on the quality, rather 
than the quantity, of facilities, we have reduced real estate square 
footage by 15 percent since August 2017. As of fiscal 2023, we 
have 35 Cisco facilities with green building certifications, such as 
the United States' Green Building Council’s Leadership in Energy 
and Environmental Design (LEED®) and International WELL Building 
Institute’s WELL v2 Building Standard with five more in progress. 
These certified spaces make up 19 percent of our building portfolio. 
We also continue to advance sustainability in our global data centers 
by focusing on sustainability in design, optimized operations, energy 
management, asset recovery and reuse, and responsible procurement.  
48%
reduction in Scope 1 and 2 GHG 
emissions from FY19 baseline

91% 
of global electricity came from 
renewable sources in FY23

19% 
of our building portfolio is 
LEED/WELL certified
FY23 Purpose Report  | 38
Future
For All
Intro
Power
Inclusive
Looking Ahead

Addressing emissions in our 
supply chain
Engaging our suppliers is necessary to reduce the emissions that 
arise from manufacturing and transporting our products. Along with 
reaching net-zero emissions across our value chain by 2040, Cisco 
has a near-term target to reduce emissions in our supply chain and 
from our customers’ use of our products by 30 percent by fiscal 2030 
(fiscal 2019 base year).1 The first step in reducing our supply chain 
GHG emissions is to ensure our suppliers are committed to making 
emissions reductions and tracking and reporting on those efforts. 
That’s why Cisco also set a goal to have 80 percent of our component, 
manufacturing, and logistics suppliers by spend set a public, absolute 
GHG emissions reduction target by fiscal 2025. We collaborate 
with suppliers to reduce the emissions of their operations, such as 
supporting initiatives to reduce energy use and providing resources for 
emissions accounting and absolute or science-based target setting. 
In fiscal 2023, we piloted the RBA's new Emissions Management Tool 
with key manufacturing suppliers to help businesses better understand 
energy use and related emissions at their sites. 
Cisco also supports suppliers in their clean energy transitions. In 
fiscal 2023, we engaged with suppliers through surveys and in direct 
conversations to better understand their own challenges in GHG 
emissions reductions and renewable energy utilization. Looking 
ahead, we are working on developing a renewable energy strategy to 
help us guide suppliers in accessing clean energy solutions that are 
right for them and that add new renewable energy to the grid. Learn 
more about supplier engagement on emissions reduction in our ESG 
Reporting Hub. 
Collaborating with clean 
energy initiatives
In January 2023, Cisco joined the Eco-Skies Alliance, which brings 
together United Airlines and leading global corporations to help 
power lower-emissions air travel by investing in sustainable aviation 
fuel (SAF). SAF is a biofuel with similar properties to conventional 
jet fuel but a smaller carbon footprint. Depending on the feedstock 
and technologies used to produce it, SAF can reduce lifecycle 
GHG emissions dramatically, compared to conventional jet fuel. For 
now, SAF is not widely available and is not yet incorporated in our 
emissions accounting reporting. With this investment, however, Cisco 
is sending a demand signal to support increased production of SAF. 
Cisco also recently joined the RE100 initiative, which brings together 
businesses committed to 100 percent renewable electricity. 
Sourcing more renewable energy is an important part of Cisco’s 
goal to reach net zero by 2040 and our near-term Scope 1 and 2 
target. Beyond helping us make progress toward our own goals, 
joining RE100 supports Cisco’s ambition to increase clean energy 
access globally and contributes to the private-sector demand for 
renewables. We also continue to engage with renewable energy 
providers and buyers through the Clean Energy Buyers Alliance 
(CEBA) and the U.S. Environmental Protection Agency's Green 
Power Partnership, and we are a founding member of the Asia 
Clean Energy Coalition.
Supplier climate target
By FY25: 80% of Cisco component, 
manufacturing, and logistics suppliers by 
spend have a public, absolute GHG emissions 
reduction target.2
92% with targets
1 The baseline and progress reported for our 2030 goal includes: purchased goods and services from manufacturing, component, and warehouse 
suppliers; upstream transportation and distribution from Cisco purchased air transportation; and use of sold products.
2 Suppliers are expected to set absolute GHG emissions reduction targets or intensity targets that produce an absolute emissions reduction 
during the target period. Cisco encourages suppliers to set targets in line with an approved science-based methodology. Progress toward this 
goal is quantified using Cisco’s supply chain spend which can vary annually. Cisco will continue to work with suppliers to set their own absolute 
GHG emissions reduction targets, and to report progress toward this goal annually through fiscal 2025.
FY23 Purpose Report  | 39
Future
For All
Intro
Power
Inclusive
Looking Ahead

Growing an ecosystem for climate finance
Addressing the climate crisis is not only a matter of keeping carbon in the ground and 
out of the atmosphere. It’s also about putting money in the right places—specifically, with 
organizations and solutions that are working on decarbonization solutions and programs 
that can lead to a regenerative future. 
An estimated US$125 trillion is needed to achieve net zero globally, including investments 
in clean energy, agriculture, food, and land use. While many businesses have begun 
to invest in decarbonization, there is still not nearly enough money where it’s needed, 
particularly in terms of funding for early-stage solutions. Currently, less than 2 percent 
of philanthropic dollars goes toward addressing climate change. As with the need to 
draw down carbon and regenerate depleted ecosystems before it’s too late, we need 
to catalyze investments in the right places—and fast. 
In 2021, the Cisco Foundation committed to fund US$100 million in climate solutions over 
the next 10 years. The funding takes two main forms: impact investments in for-profit 
ventures and grant funding for nonprofits and NGOs. This innovative blended finance 
approach allows the Cisco Foundation to seek out and scale the best solutions, no matter 
their profit model or financing avenues available to support such early-stage ventures. 
The Cisco Foundation’s focus on systems change connects disparate stakeholders and 
encourages capital flows. As a result, the Cisco Foundation partners with financing 
organizations that provide funding to others. These include Enduring Planet, which 
provides revenue-based financing and grant advancements that allow climate startups to 
continue operating while they wait for grant funding. Another partner, Trailhead Capital, 
backs entrepreneurs building innovations for regenerative food and agricultural systems. 
For Vesta, a hybrid nonprofit/public-benefit enterprise, the Cisco Foundation provided 
both initial grants and an early-stage impact investment for coastal carbon capture.
PROGRESS TOWARD CISCO 
FOUNDATION'S COMMITMENT 
TO FUND US$100M IN CLIMATE 
SOLUTIONS THROUGH FISCAL 2030
US$10.1 million
in grants since fiscal 20211
US$9.7 million 
in investments since fiscal 20211
To bring about a more sustainable future, entirely new 
levels of innovation and investment are necessary. The 
Cisco Foundation has responded to this call. I’m confident 
that our blended finance approach will inspire other 
corporate foundations to fill key climate finance gaps and 
drive forward high-impact, inclusive climate solutions.”
- Jocelyn Matyas, Lead, Cisco Foundation Climate Impact Investing 
1 Totals may vary from the summation due to rounding.
FY23 Purpose Report  | 40
Future
For All
Intro
Power
Inclusive
Looking Ahead

Circular 
transformation 
Now is the time to transition from an economy that 
extracts resources and eventually wastes them, to 
a circular one that finds new uses for products and 
their inputs. 
We aim to transform our business to extend the useful life of our 
products and provide ongoing services. 
We are embedding circularity into how we design our products 
and packaging. This means designing to enable reuse, minimize 
environmental impacts, drive innovation, and realize value for our 
stakeholders. We are deploying new offerings that can help Cisco 
and our customers capture more value throughout a product’s life, 
such as IT payment solutions supporting circularity-as-a-service 
models. And we are striving to minimize waste and extend the 
lifecycle of our products by recapturing hardware and redeploying 
those assets through remanufacture, reuse, and recycling. This 
circular approach is both good for business and good for the planet.
Circular economy goals
By FY25: 100% of new Cisco products and 
packaging incorporate Circular Design 
Principles.1
27% meeting circular design criteria
By FY25: Reduce foam used in Cisco product 
packaging by 75% as measured by weight 
(FY19 base year).2
22% reduction
By FY25: Increase product packaging cube 
efficiency by 50% (FY19 base year).3
65% cumulative improvement
By FY25: 50% of the plastic used in our products 
(by weight) will be made of recycled content.4
24% recycled content 
By FY25: 70% of Cisco component and 
manufacturing suppliers by spend achieve a 
zero-waste diversion rate at one or more sites.5
60% by spend with at least one certified site
1 The scope of this goal is limited to hardware products and associated packaging, excluding: standalone components (e.g., chassis, ASICs, optical 
modules); standalone basic product accessories (e.g., power cables, brackets); Original Equipment Manufacturer products (where Cisco does not 
own the design); products and packaging of nonintegrated acquisitions. Product and packaging designs achieving a score of 75 percent or higher are 
counted toward the goal. 
2 To improve measurement accuracy, we changed our methodology for this goal in fiscal 2023 to calculate the foam used in our shipped product 
packaging instead of the total foam purchased from suppliers. The base year (fiscal 2019) foam use was recalculated using the updated methodology, 
and fiscal 2023 progress is measured against this.​
3 Packaging efficiency is measured by comparing the size of the product relative to the packaging, using dimensional weight. Dimensional weight uses 
volume and a standard dimensional factor to calculate the weight of a package. In this methodology, the packaging efficiency metric is based on 
the difference of the normalized dimensional weight (by volume) between the baseline and current year. In fiscal 2023, we updated our calculation 
methodology to improve accuracy. We will continue to report progress toward this goal annually through fiscal 2025. This goal applies to high-volume 
packaging requiring redesigns.​
4 The scope of this goal excludes plastics contained in commodity components (e.g., plastic screws, fans, and cables) and in products designed and 
manufactured by our Original Design Manufacturers.
5  According to current standard definitions used in certification protocols, “zero-waste” diversion is defined as a 90 percent or greater overall diversion 
of solid, nonhazardous wastes from landfill, incineration (waste-to-energy), and the environment. Diversion methods can include reduction, reuse, 
recycling, and/or compost.
FY23 Purpose Report  | 41
Future
For All
Intro
Power
Inclusive
Looking Ahead

Incorporating circular 
design principles
Circular design means designing products and systems that enable 
reuse, minimize environmental impacts, drive innovation, and realize 
value for our stakeholders. We align to 25 Circular Design Principles 
organized across five focus areas: 
1.	 Material use
2.	 Standardization and modularization
3.	 Packaging and accessories
4.	 Smart energy consumption
5.	 Disassembly, repair, and reuse
In fiscal 2023, we continued to integrate our Circular Design Principles 
into core design processes and operations. We also provided 
opportunities for employees to learn more about circular design and 
better incorporate the Principles into their work. We organized product 
teardowns, where cross-functional teams took apart and analyzed 
components of selected products and packaging to identify ways to 
improve their design for circularity. Additionally, we collaborated with 
our recycling partners to inform how we design products for end of life.
A group of supply chain engineers from Cisco's Collaboration team also 
visited one of our recycling partner’s sites, where they learned how 
products were disassembled for recycling. This greater understanding 
can inform engineers' future design and material use decisions.
Reducing plastic use
In fiscal 2023, we continued working on several projects focused on 
reducing the use of plastic and, where plastic could not be designed 
out, increasing the use of recycled plastic. For example, Cisco's 
Collaboration team redesigned products such as the Webex Room 
Bar to use at least 55 percent postconsumer recycled resin. 
ESG  
Reporting Hub
Read more about our 
circular design program.
FY23 Purpose Report  | 42
Future
For All
Intro
Power
Inclusive
Looking Ahead

ESG  
Reporting Hub
Making packaging circular 
Protecting the product is the first priority for packaging, as repairing 
or replacing products that are damaged in transit creates additional 
negative business and environmental impacts. However, there are 
many ways we reduce packaging and make the packaging we do use 
more sustainable, such as: 
	
●
Optimizing space in our packaging, including using multipack 
solutions for high-volume products
	
●
Removing unnecessary materials
	
●
Using alternative materials that are renewable, recyclable, or both
Recovering and redeploying 
Cisco equipment
Our customers are increasingly considering new ways to extend the 
lifecycle of their equipment. In addition to Cisco Refresh, which allows 
customers to purchase remanufactured products with like-new 
warranties, in fiscal 2022 Cisco Capital launched Cisco Green Pay, 
an IT payment solution supporting circularity that provides a path 
for customers of all sizes to acquire Cisco products in a manner 
that prioritizes sustainability. At the end of the contract, Cisco will 
reuse, remanufacture, or recycle the loaned equipment, replacing 
out-of-date hardware with updated models. The program offers 
predictable payments for five years, up to a 5 percent discount on 
equipment, free shipping of returned assets, and a confirmation 
that the product has entered Cisco's Circular Economy Program.
Cosentino, a global manufacturer of countertop and flooring products, 
was the first customer to leverage a Cisco Green Pay agreement. 
"By cycling out our network every three years, we eliminate e-waste 
and ensure we always have the most reliable and secure hardware 
available," says Diego Zengin, Cosentino's Chief Technology Officer.
New services program 
reduces need to ship 
replacement equipment
Cisco’s Supply Chain Services & Logistics 
organization supports customer and partner 
hardware Return Material Authorizations (RMAs), 
which are issued when a product is returned 
to Cisco—whether at end-of-life or as part of 
a service need. A new services program aims 
to reduce the number of RMAs that result from 
service requests.
Cisco Customer Experience (CX) organization 
led the development and implementation of 
Intelligent RMA Experience (IRE) innovation, 
which aims to accelerate the resolution of 
cases involving an RMA and to enable a 
seamless RMA experience requiring minimal 
touch for the customer, and reducing risk of 
damage to the product. IRE provides RMA 
support using an AI/ML (machine learning) 
prediction engine and robotic process 
automation. In fiscal 2023, IRE helped avoid over 
5000 RMAs through automation of workflows to 
troubleshoot some of the most common issues 
with products in the field. This process helps 
reduce carbon emissions and supports Cisco’s 
circular economy efforts.
Read more examples of our progress 
on packaging sustainability. 
FY23 Purpose Report  | 43
Future
For All
Intro
Power
Inclusive
Looking Ahead

ESG  
Reporting Hub
Resilient 
ecosystems
In addition to transitioning to clean energy and adopting 
a circular flow of materials, Cisco is helping safeguard 
the water, land, and ecosystems that businesses and 
communities depend on. 
Within our own operations, we conserve water, reduce waste, and 
protect wildlife habitats near our office locations. We also work 
with our suppliers to promote environmental stewardship practices 
throughout our value chain. More broadly, our products and 
investments can be used to monitor and manage local resources and 
ecosystems. Support from the Cisco Foundation is helping to protect 
and regenerate ecosystems while supporting communities in adapting 
to the realities of a changing climate.   
Water stewardship in our 
operations and supply chain 
Water is a vital resource that we share with the communities where 
we operate. Over the past few years, we have implemented water 
conservation projects in our direct operations that are still conserving 
water today, like our comprehensive water management system at our 
Bangalore campus. In fiscal 2023, we withdrew 2464 cubic meters 
of water in our direct operations globally, a 25 percent decrease 
since fiscal 2019. Annually, we use the World Resources Institute's 
(WRI) Aqueduct tool to better understand our water use and risks. 
The Aqueduct tool revealed that 35 percent of Cisco’s water use by 
volume is withdrawn from water-stressed areas.
As Cisco products are manufactured by our suppliers, water 
stewardship within the supply chain is another area in which we 
engage. We work to improve the river basins and ecosystems where 
our suppliers operate, focusing on both internal and external water 
management. As a member of the Alliance for Water Stewardship 
(AWS), we are proud to be a part of a global movement to advance 
good water stewardship practices. In collaboration with ICT peers, 
we engage high-water-consuming supplier areas located in high-
water-stress areas in water stewardship programs.
In fiscal 2023, we worked with GAIASCAPE Studio under Friends 
of Nature, a China-based environmental NGO, to train suppliers to 
improve onsite water stewardship through nature-based solution 
workshops, including rainwater harvesting systems, landscaping, 
and wastewater treatment. We also cohosted a “water field trip” with 
AWS and an industry peer for high-water-consumption suppliers to 
learn about the importance of wetland and water source protection on 
China’s Qiandao Lake.
98%
of Cisco key suppliers1 disclosed to CDP 
(formerly Carbon Disclosure Project)
76%
of Cisco key suppliers1 set water-related 
targets in CDP
16
supplier sites engaged in ICT water 
stewardship program
In FY23, we withdrew 2464 m3 of water, a 
25% decrease from FY19. 
Learn more about 
our water initiatives.
1 Key suppliers means Cisco Contract Manufacturers, Strategic Original Design 
Manufacturers and Hardware Suppliers in the top 80 percent of spend in fiscal 2023.
FY23 Purpose Report  | 44
Future
For All
Intro
Power
Inclusive
Looking Ahead

ESG  
Reporting Hub
Reducing waste in our operations 
As employees returned to offices worldwide, our waste generation 
increased slightly. However, the percentage of waste we’ve diverted 
from landfill has also increased, from 75 percent in fiscal 2022 to 
78 percent in fiscal 2023. We achieved this diversion rate through 
reuse, recycling, composting, and donations.
We also engage suppliers on waste and set a goal that 70 percent of 
our component and manufacturing suppliers by spend will achieve a 
zero-waste diversion rate at one or more sites by fiscal 2025. As of 
fiscal 2023, 60 percent of suppliers had reached this goal.
Protecting biodiversity 
and ecosystems
Cisco recognizes that climate change and environmental degradation 
can quicken habitat loss, which in turn accelerates the impacts of 
climate change by undermining natural defenses against extreme 
weather, like forests and coastline ecosystems. 
The Cisco Foundation’s US$100 million commitment to climate 
solutions helps protect and restore sensitive agroecosystems. One 
recent grantee, PlantVillage, supports smallholder farmers in Africa 
in transitioning to more regenerative and resilient farming practices, 
including planting trees on the periphery of their farms. The Cisco 
Foundation supported a pilot study that leverages technology to 
plan and track the benefits of these agroforestry practices, such 
as improved soil health, erosion prevention, and shade and wind 
protection, as well as possible community income via carbon markets.
Also, Cisco strives to protect the natural world and its species in our 
own operations and beyond. For nearly a decade, Cisco surveillance, 
data, and analytics technology have been used to protect endangered 
species and their habitats around the world through Connected 
Conservation—the first solution of its kind to proactively protect 
animals while allowing them to roam freely. 
CHART 3:
Fiscal 2023 operational waste streams
Learn more about how Cisco 
manages operational waste.
FY23 Purpose Report  | 45
Future
For All
Intro
Power
Inclusive
Looking Ahead

For All
Address root causes of inequity, 
eliminate barriers, and foster 
lasting, generational change
The most important words of Cisco’s purpose statement 
are the final two: “for all.” We strive to create a better future 
for all, by all, and with all stakeholders who share our vision. 
The ambitions we’ve set and the change we seek cannot 
be achieved by any one company working alone. We scale 
our efforts by collaborating with customers, peers, partners, 
and nonprofit/NGO grantee partners to bring this new future 
to life.
FY23 Purpose Report  | 46
Future
For All
Intro
Power
Inclusive
Looking Ahead

Crisis response
A climate refugee in Africa and a person sleeping on 
the streets of California share a common struggle—the 
yearning for basic life necessities and a place to call home.
Cisco’s commitment to vulnerable populations worldwide addresses 
critical needs arising from political instability, natural disasters, and 
housing insecurity. Through the Cisco Crisis Response (CCR) team, we 
stand with those in need, offering more than just temporary aid. 
In times of crisis, the ability to connect is one of the most critical and 
immediate needs. As a provider of networking technology, we are 
uniquely positioned to securely connect and empower vulnerable 
communities through digital access, enabling them to rebuild their lives 
and create a brighter future. We provide financial support, equipment, 
expertise, training, consulting, and deployment capabilities to support 
our partners and affected communities.
Over the past 20 years, we have helped humanitarian and emergency 
response organizations set up robust networks to deliver life-saving 
aid. However, nonprofit organizations are often disproportionately 
susceptible to cyber attacks, leaving them exposed in critical situations 
and putting already vulnerable populations at even greater risk. 
In response to these challenges, we prioritize the security of the 
networks we build, by providing extensive consultation and leveraging 
Cisco’s suite of security products to protect our nonprofit partners 
and the communities they serve. By addressing these pressing issues 
head-on, our partners can operate with confidence and safeguard 
their vital humanitarian missions.
ESG  
Reporting Hub
Learn more about our 
crisis response.
FY23 Purpose Report  | 47
Future
For All
Intro
Power
Inclusive
Looking Ahead

Combatting homelessness
Building on the US$60 million donated to nonprofit Destination: Home 
between 2018 and 2022, Cisco granted US$5 million to Destination: 
Home in 2023 to continue its efforts to address homelessness in 
Silicon Valley. Over the past five years, our efforts have focused on 
developing affordable housing; preventing homelessness through 
financial, legal, and other assistance programs; improving Wi-Fi 
access in affordable housing developments; and supporting the 
hardware and software needs of residents.
Cisco has also been a corporate partner of Covenant House since 
2014, volunteering and fundraising to address youth homelessness. 
Our employees mobilized around this issue, including participating 
in "sleep outs" during which they sleep outdoors for a night to raise 
awareness and funds about the homelessness crisis. Just seven 
Cisco employees participated as sleepers in 2014, a number that 
grew to 754 in 2022. Over the past five years, Cisco employees have 
raised US$10 million for Covenant House.
CISCO AND COVENANT 
HOUSE IN FY23
US$2.5 million
raised during FY23 
Sleep Out events
750+
Cisco employees participated 
in Sleep Out events across 
multiple cities and countries
US$1.2 million
in Cisco product donations
Destination: Home 5-Year Impact
We finance impactful strategies that tackle homelessness at its core, securing stable homes 
for our most vulnerable neighbors. And we've made impressive progress so far.
14,923 
individuals from
5414 
households prevented 
from becoming homeless 
3300+ 
new homes across 
33 
developments 
funded since 2018 
US$1.5 
billion+
in other funding 
leveraged for 
housing production 
in Santa Clara 
County through 
our investment
YEAR 1 (2017-2018)
215 
households served through 
homelessness prevention programs
YEAR 6 (2022-2023)
1600 
households served through 
homelessness prevention programs
Households 
served through 
homelessness 
prevention 
programs
61% 
include 
children
37% 
heads of 
household with 
a disabling 
condition
89% 
extremely 
low income at 
enrollment
FY23 Purpose Report  | 48
Future
For All
Intro
Power
Inclusive
Looking Ahead

ESG  
Reporting Hub
Deepening our commitment to 
climate change resilience 
Cisco and Mercy Corps, a global humanitarian NGO, recently 
completed a transformative five-year Technology for Impact 
partnership, leveraging digital solutions to deliver aid and 
development assistance more efficiently. The partnership has 
reached 13.8 million people across 45 countries. Cisco committed 
US$5 million to expand our partnership and focus on climate 
adaptation and resilience in the Horn of Africa, where over 20 million 
people are threatened by droughts. With this investment, Mercy 
Corps will empower pastoralist communities in the region with digital 
tools and resources to make climate-risk-informed decisions and 
manage environmental resources more effectively. The goal is to 
apply the lessons and technologies developed in East Africa to other 
regions similarly affected by climate disruption.
Supporting forcibly displaced 
communities from Ukraine
In the past decade, the global refugee crisis has more than doubled in 
scope, with 110 million displaced people in 2023. Cisco and the Cisco 
Foundation are focused on ensuring migrants and refugees have 
Internet access. In fiscal 2023, we were especially focused on aiding 
Ukrainians affected by war. Much of this work centered on digital 
services and solutions that leveraged connectivity, including:
	
●
Providing technical guidance and consulting support to build 
emergency communications vehicles for the World Food 
Programme’s Emergency Telecommunications Cluster
	
●
Managing 29 communications networks established in 2022, 
supporting the United Nations High Commissioner for Refugees 
	
●
Funding feature enhancements to LifeForce Ukraine, a digital 
platform developed by AI for Good, aimed at providing accurate 
and secure information on available services and resources for 
more than 8 million internally displaced Ukrainians 
	
●
Supporting the Norwegian Refugee Council’s (NRC) Digital 
Community Hubs platform, which serves as a central point of 
engagement for crisis-affected people, offering referrals to 
essential services and resources
	
●
Providing grant funding for the International Rescue Committee’s 
Signpost platform, which provides critical life-saving information 
to those displaced by disasters and conflict
Learn more about how 
Cisco supports refugees.
FY23 Purpose Report  | 49
Future
For All
Intro
Power
Inclusive
Looking Ahead

Scaling our crisis response team
The CCR community is comprised of 600 dedicated staff and employee 
volunteers who donate their time and expertise to support the CCR 
team and its NGO partners. 
In 2023, CCR concentrated on building the capacity of its volunteer 
community outside the United States, with a focus on the Philippines 
and Australia. Cisco prepositioned emergency communications kits, 
established teams, and conducted onsite trainings in these regions to 
enhance response capabilities and preparedness. 
Bolstering communications 
for disaster response
Our Network Emergency Response Vehicles (NERVs) provide fast and secure 
communications when existing communications may be disrupted. In 2023, we 
released version 2.0 of these vehicles, which integrate a wide array of Cisco and 
Cisco Meraki technologies in a four-wheel-drive platform, offering reliable connections 
for first responders and agencies during emergencies like storms and wildfires. 
The NERVs feature fully redundant components, Meraki network-based wireless 
access points, hyperconverged compute clusters, and IoT solutions for constant data 
monitoring and control. In the latest NERVs, all networking equipment is powered by 
batteries that can be recharged as the truck drives—or by connecting with external, 
solar-panel arrays—enhancing reliability in a disaster scenario.
Responded to 20+ natural disasters 
and humanitarian crises with
FUNDING
EQUIPMENT 
PERSONNEL
NETWORK 
SUPPORT
CCR GRANTS IN FISCAL 2023
US$8.9 million 
in product donations
US$2.9 million 
in cash grants 
US$2.5 million+
in disaster campaigns 
(employee donations + matching gifts) 
50+ 
solutions consulting engagements
FY23 Purpose Report  | 50
Future
For All
Intro
Power
Inclusive
Looking Ahead

ESG  
Reporting Hub
Economic 
empowerment
Cisco and the Cisco Foundation’s investments aim to 
create equitable access to opportunities and empower 
individuals and families to be resilient and thrive.
We focus on three critical pillars of economic empowerment: skills to 
careers, entrepreneurship, and financial inclusion. 
Our strategy is iterative and adaptive, designed to enable rapid 
response to emerging issues, needs, and opportunities within the 
sector, at both a global and regional level. Our investments focus on 
underserved communities that face heightened challenges due to the 
lingering effects of the pandemic, humanitarian crises, and climate-
related natural disasters, as well as preexisting social and economic 
challenges. During this time of intense need, we’re doubling down 
on our guiding principles for this sector: Stability, Agency, Resilience, 
Independence, and Economic Security. 
Building bridges in rural Africa
Cisco partners with Bridges to Prosperity, an organization focused 
on building footbridges in rural areas of Africa to help alleviate 
poverty and close the gap between regions experiencing uneven 
economic growth. These seemingly simple structures play a crucial 
role in economic empowerment by providing communities with 
access to education, healthcare, and markets that were previously 
out of reach. Bridges to Prosperity also provides training to local 
laborers, builders, and engineers and helps develop local skills 
and capacity. Building on their proven, evidence-based model, 
Cisco invested in their latest initiative—Fika Map—which leverages 
the power of technology, machine learning, and data to equip 
and enable government agencies, local communities, and other 
stakeholders to identify transportation barriers and prioritize where 
to build bridges. Fika Map also addresses a critical data equity issue 
in low- to middle-income countries, empowering local communities 
to make data-informed decisions.
CONNECTIVITY VIA 
FOOTBRIDGES CAN ENABLE:
36% 
increase in wages
75% 
increase in farmer profitability 
60%+
women entering labor market 
Learn more about our economic empowerment 
and our social investment strategy.
FY23 Purpose Report  | 51
Future
For All
Intro
Power
Inclusive
Looking Ahead

Advancing opportunities for 
skills training
Generation helps adults of all ages achieve economic mobility 
by training, placing, and supporting learners in careers that 
would otherwise be out of reach. With a footprint in 18 countries, 
Generation targets a diverse spectrum of learner groups who have 
been disproportionately affected by unemployment. The majority 
of Generation learners identify with underrepresented communities 
within their respective countries. The Cisco Foundation invested to 
enhance Generation’s digital training ecosystem, which will allow the 
nonprofit to offer a unified and streamlined experience for learners, 
alumni, and staff across its network.
Empowering women-led 
companies and innovations
Less than 3 percent of venture capital funding is invested in women-
led companies. Astia addresses this disparity for companies led by 
women, especially women of color. Cisco has provided early-stage 
funding and subsequent investments to develop Astia Connect, 
a tech-enabled platform through which all of their deal sourcing, 
screening, and investment occurs. Cisco’s funding helped Astia 
deliver on its mission to level the investment playing field for more 
than 1300 women-led companies each year. Recent funding enabled 
Astia to reach a more diverse investor pool and more completely 
support investments in highly innovative women-led ventures globally.
Cisco and Villgro®, an Indian social enterprise incubator, joined forces 
to launch Tvaran, an India-based startup accelerator program. Seven 
winning startups, all led by women entrepreneurs, were selected to 
participate in Tvaran’s inaugural year and received support, resources, 
and mentorship. These startups address various facets of climate 
resilience—including waste management, sustainable agriculture, plastic 
waste reduction, and sustainable mobility. Explore the impact report 
for more details on this program. 
Training problem-solvers 
across Zimbabwe
Nkosana Butholenkosi Masuku, a 28-year-old from Zimbabwe, won 
the fifth annual 2023 Global Citizen Prize: Cisco Youth Leadership 
Award and a US$250,000 grant for his outstanding work creating 
the learning platform, Sciency Learning. Inspired by his experience 
teaching in rural schools, Sciency Learning provides affordable and 
accessible STEM education to students across Zimbabwe. Having 
reached over 65,000 learners to date, Nkosana hopes to reach 
1 million more across Africa in the next five years. 
88% 
of Generation participants 
employed 180 days after 
job placement
3X 
average 
increase 
in income
The Global Citizen Prize: 
Cisco Youth Leadership Award
Since 2018, Cisco and Global Citizen have partnered to recognize young people 
who are working to end extreme poverty and using technology as a force for 
good. The five extraordinary young winners from around the world have been 
honored for their solutions in education, agriculture, clean water, and healthcare.
The Youth Leadership Award is awarded annually to an individual aged 18-30 
and includes a US$250,000 prize paid to the organization to which the individual 
contributes to help them scale and amplify their impact.
FY23 Purpose Report  | 52
Future
For All
Intro
Power
Inclusive
Looking Ahead

Cisco and NESsT forge a path to 
sustainable impact
A good job with a reliable income is a critical ingredient for rising out of poverty. But 
for people in many parts of the world, the traditional job market isn’t accessible. That’s 
where locally based social enterprises come in. Often located in remote, low-income, 
or environmentally vulnerable areas, these organizations can act with their communities’ 
needs and best interests in mind. 
NESsT’s mission is to invest in these social enterprises and help entrepreneurs along the 
way. In partnership with Cisco and IKEA Social Entrepreneurship, NESsT launched the 
Refugee Employment Initiative. The program invests in impact-oriented enterprises that 
provide job opportunities, career training, and support services to refugees in Poland and 
Romania, creating 3000 jobs and improving the lives of 5000 people.
Cisco and NESsT are also helping Brazilian farmers address rapid deforestation through 
the NESsT Amazonia Initiative. The NESsT Amazonia Initiative consists of 50 enterprises, 
spanning from Indigenous enterprises that support fishers along the Amazon River to 
early-stage tech enterprises delivering and scaling climate solutions in the Amazon. 
Nearly 60 percent of the enterprises supported are led by Indigenous peoples.
Since its inception, the NESsT Amazonia Initiative has mapped 750 enterprises and 
evaluated and monitored 20 value chains. Its portfolio has sustained over 8300 jobs. 
Through this initiative, for example, NESsT is supporting two local tech social enterprises, 
ManejeBem and Elysios. ManejeBem empowers small-scale farmers with digital tools that 
promote sustainable agricultural practices. Elysios equips farmers with web and mobile 
apps to optimize planning, documentation, and regulation compliance, helping to increase 
crop yields and reduce resource usage.
REFUGEE EMPLOYMENT INITIATIVE 
One year 
since its inception, the NESsT Refugee 
Employment portfolio has made a 
significant impact
2000+ 
individual refugees were provided 
with skills training, language courses, 
and legal aid
3800
refugee families received 
wraparound services, offering support 
in housing, childcare, education, 
and psychological assistance 
450+ 
jobs created and sustained for refugees
NESsT AMAZONIA INITIATIVE
1 million+
farmers reached in the 
10 Brazilian states where 
ManejeBem operates
3000+
farmers provided with web 
and mobile apps from Elysios 
that help farmers improve the 
planning and documentation of 
agricultural activities
FY23 Purpose Report  | 53
Future
For All
Intro
Power
Inclusive
Looking Ahead

Networking
Academy
Learning and 
digital skills
Many people have the talent and drive to succeed in 
technology careers but need help developing the right 
skills to pursue job opportunities.
Cisco Networking Academy, one of Cisco’s signature social impact 
programs, empowers learners with in-demand tech skills and bridges 
the education-employment divide.
As one of the world’s longest-standing IT skills-to-jobs programs, 
Cisco Networking Academy offers world-class learning products 
through a robust partner ecosystem. We provide IT courses and 
operate a web-scale platform, collaborating with an unmatched 
ecosystem of 11,700 academies. This approach meets learners 
where they are, whether through a high school, vocational college, 
university, correctional facility, nonprofit, or independent learning 
through our Skills for All platform. We focus not just on skills, but 
on providing resources to support people on their career journeys, 
connecting students to job opportunities. 
While core in-demand tech skills aligned to globally recognized 
certifications—such as Cisco Certified Support Technician (CCST) 
Security, CCST Networking, Cisco Certified Network Associate 
(CCNA), CyberOps Associate, and DevNet Associate—remain a 
priority, we also understand the evolving needs of learners in the 
digital landscape. In fiscal 2023, the program continued to expand 
our learning portfolio with subjects like entrepreneurship, English for 
IT, cybersecurity, data science, and programming. This helps equip 
learners with critical skills to support work in AI and thrive in the 
ever-changing digital world.
We also use AI-based features to enhance the learning experience. 
For instance, our Skills for All platform uses AI to assess learners’ 
competencies both at the start of and during their courses. Through 
a feature called “My Knowledge Check,” learners can evaluate their 
skill mastery throughout a course. Using an adaptive assessment to 
efficiently determine their proficiency across a large amount of course 
content, learners can identify their strengths and areas that may 
require more attention.
CISCO NETWORKING 
ACADEMY
47
courses offered 
in up to 
27
languages 
16.8%
growth in student 
participants since FY22
Learn more about Cisco 
Networking Academy.
FY23 Purpose Report  | 54
Future
For All
Intro
Power
Inclusive
Looking Ahead

Networking
Academy
25 years of Cisco Networking Academy
In fiscal 2023, Cisco Networking Academy celebrated its 25th anniversary, 
reaching 20.5 million learners across 190 countries since 1997. As we marked these 
successes, we also announced an ambitious next phase goal: to provide digital 
and cybersecurity skills training to 25 million more learners over the next 10 years 
through Cisco Networking Academy.1  
Our roadmap to 25 million more students
Cisco Networking Academy provides an equitable and inclusive workforce 
development program on a global scale. Our goals around the world include:
AMERICAS
Train 200,000 people in the United 
States with cybersecurity skills 
by 2025.2
Progress: 50,000 people in FY23 
Launch a cybersecurity 
apprenticeship program aligned 
with the Department of Labor’s 
Registered Apprenticeship Program.
Completed
Partner with Brazil’s National 
Industrial Apprenticeship Service 
to advance digital training and 
innovation in the country.
Completed
EUROPE, MIDDLE EAST, AND AFRICA
Train 10 million people in digital and cybersecurity 
skills over the next 10 years, across the region. 
Progress: 1.4 million people in FY23 
Train 3 million people in Africa in digital and 
cybersecurity skills by 2032—representing an 
estimated US$200 million of in-kind contributions. 
Progress: 605,000 people and US$41.3 million in 
in-kind contributions in FY23 
Train 10,000 Ukrainian refugees in Poland via 
Cisco4Ukraine by 2024.3
Progress: 4200 Ukrainian refugees in FY23 
Train 2.6 million people in the European Union with 
digital and cybersecurity skills by 2032. 
Progress: 444,000 people in FY23
ASIA PACIFIC, JAPAN, 
AND CHINA
Train 6.7 million people with digital 
and cybersecurity skills by 2032. 
Progress: 1 million people in FY23 
Train 500,000 people in India with 
cybersecurity skills by 2025.2
Progress: 219,000 people in FY23
Provide digital upskilling training 
for 50,000 women annually across 
Brunei, Fiji, India, Indonesia, 
Malaysia, the Philippines, Thailand, 
and Vietnam through 2032. 
Progress: 135,000 women in FY23
Cisco Networking 
Academy achievements
SINCE 1997
20.5 million
students reached globally
27% 
female students
95% 
of students surveyed 
say that Networking 
Academy helped them 
obtain a job and/or 
educational opportunity4
188,000 
students have self-
reported a disability5
IN FISCAL 2023
11,700 
academies 
190 
countries 
29,700 
instructors 
22% 
female instructors
94% 
of instructors say that 
Networking Academy 
helped them become 
a better educator6
1 From beginning of fiscal 2023 through end of fiscal 2032, unless 
otherwise noted.
2 From fiscal 2023 through end of fiscal 2025.
3 From fiscal 2023 through end of fiscal 2024.
4 Based on student outcome surveys of students participating in Cisco 
certification courses between fiscal 2005 (when exit surveys began) 
and fiscal 2023.
5 Since July 2019 when Cisco started collecting this data; self-reporting 
is optional.
6 Based on instructor survey participants in fiscal 2023 who were 
actively teaching.
FY23 Purpose Report  | 55
Future
For All
Intro
Power
Inclusive
Looking Ahead

A more secure future 
When Camilla Ngala Timfe was a teenager in Cameroon, she would go to a 
cyber café to spend time on the Internet. Years later, when she immigrated 
to the United States with her two young children, she continued to explore 
her interest in technology, and particularly in online safety. Soon, she 
enrolled in the Cisco Networking Academy Program at the Community 
College of Baltimore County.
While juggling part-time work at night to support her family, Camilla 
embraced the program, honing her skills and gaining confidence. She 
found the concise course topics and manageable practice sessions 
especially beneficial for reskilling into the IT industry. She also appreciated 
the practicality of tools like Cisco Packet Tracer, which enables users to 
construct virtual networks, input commands, and verify connectivity. 
Of particular value was the knowledge she acquired around networking. “If 
you don’t know how the network works, you won’t know how to protect the 
data,” Camilla explained. “In cybersecurity, knowledge of the network and 
networking itself is very important.”
Leveraging her networking foundation to excel in her career, she evolved 
from an intern to a security analyst for a financial consulting firm. “Cisco 
Networking Academy has been a critical part of my career progression,” 
Camilla reflected. “Without the networking knowledge that I got from the 
program, I wouldn’t be able to impact my teams the way I have. My career 
growth wouldn’t have been what it was.”
Knowledge is 
power. When you 
know what you’re 
doing, it gives 
you confidence.”
- Camilla Ngala Timfe 
Cisco Networking Academy 
partners with nearly half of 
all community colleges in 
the United States
FY23 Purpose Report  | 56
Future
For All
Intro
Power
Inclusive
Looking Ahead

Elevating K-12 education 
and teacher professional 
development
Cisco and the Cisco Foundation invest in early stage, technology 
enabled, replicable, and scalable education solutions. These 
solutions expand digital inclusion for all children and positively 
impact attendance, behavior, and course outcomes. We partner with 
NGOs around the world to tackle pressing issues, including bridging 
student learning gaps caused by pandemic-related school closures, 
increasing female participation in STEM subjects, and supporting 
teacher capacity-building in lower-income countries. For example, the 
Cisco Foundation partnered with ed-tech startup Darsel to address 
math education challenges in Jordan, where six in 10 students 
lack math proficiency, due in part to lack of access to qualified math 
teachers and technology. Darsel’s AI-powered personalized learning 
chatbot has engaged over 2000 seventh-grade math teachers and 
benefited more than 50,000 students, leading to national adoption in 
Jordan and ongoing expansion in India and Nigeria. 
We partner with the Raspberry Pi Foundation to support Code Club 
World, a free online platform that helps children ages 9 to 13 learn 
to code and be creative using digital technology. Reaching over 
3 million students annually, with an emphasis on female participation 
and focused country engagements in Kenya, South Africa, and 
India, students use Code Club World to engage in hands-on coding 
projects, earn badges, and complete quiz features to demonstrate 
and reinforce learning. This platform encourages learners to share 
and remix their code projects in a safe, secure, and moderated 
environment. Our investments resulted in 406,000 youth in 2022 
demonstrating evidence of learning in computer science. 
Cisco also joined forces with CommonLit, a nonprofit focused on 
improving literacy, to expand access to free digital reading and writing 
lessons, create distance learning resources, and train teachers in best 
practices for vulnerable students in low-income schools. CommonLit’s 
impact has been significant, with operations spanning over 88,000 
schools in the United States and 195 countries and territories, 
reaching almost 7 million students in English and Spanish.
Advancing gender equality in tech 
Launched in 2014, the Women Rock-IT program 
addresses gender disparity in tech by encouraging and 
enabling young women to pursue careers in STEM fields. 
At the 2023 event for International Girls in ICT Day, our 
focus was on women using technology to address climate 
change and protect the planet. The virtual broadcast 
had over 5000 live viewers and included a Learn-A-Thon 
focused on cybersecurity in 41 countries. More than 
200 Cisco volunteers worldwide facilitated live events 
and career talks. Visit Women Rock-IT to learn more.
WOMEN ROCK-IT IMPACT SINCE 2014
2 million+
participants 
974,000+
course enrollments
91
live broadcasts
156
speakers
COMMONLIT'S IMPACT
7 million
students positively impacted per year 
across the United States and Latin America

Accelerated learning gains up to 2x the 
academic year average
FY23 Purpose Report  | 57
Future
For All
Intro
Power
Inclusive
Looking Ahead

Social justice 
We believe in equal rights, equitable access to 
opportunity, and standing up to injustice. 
In 2020, we transformed our longstanding advocacy for social justice 
into a global, enterprisewide commitment to inspiring action and 
creating lasting change.
Guided by our Social Justice Beliefs, we designed 12 Actions for Social 
Justice to bring together the full power of our technology, our people, 
and our ecosystem. We embarked on a five-year journey backed by 
a US$300 million commitment to address systemic challenges and 
empower communities for an inclusive future. Cisco’s 12 Actions initially 
focused on tackling inequities faced by the AA/B community. Now, 
we’re building a strategic framework that can be adapted and scaled 
across the full spectrum of diversity.
Building a bridge for HBCUs
In 2020, Cisco committed US$150 million over five years to the 
strategic recovery and sustainability of America's HBCUs, with 
US$100 million going toward technology modernization to keep 
colleges compliant with cybersecurity risk standards established by 
NIST. By the end of fiscal 2023, Cisco had invested US$66 million in 
services and software, which also preserved more than US$1.5 billion 
in Title IV funding. We also enlist our African American Cisco Partner 
Community (AACPC) to do the technology installations. 
Cisco’s collaboration with Clark Atlanta University (CAU) is a powerful 
example of the impact we’re driving through our social justice 
commitments. To start, we’ve donated over US$1.7 million in security 
software and services. The CAU IT team and Procellis, a member of 
Cisco's AACPC, completed critical installations to modernize CAU 
technology infrastructure, meet NIST cybersecurity standards, and 
ensure their eligibility for Title IV Federal Student Aid.   
We've also donated Cisco Networking Academy services, provided 
a Certified Leasing and Finance Program Certification Scholarship 
training to students, and we sponsored the Black Economic Alliance 
Endowment, a US$1 million endowed chair to help empower the next 
generation of CAU entrepreneurs.
OUR IMPACT 
US$150 million
committed to HBCUs over five years, which includes 
US$100 million for technology upgrades and 
US$50 million for students pursuing STEM education
US$66 million
in software donated FY20-FY23
46 NIST
assessments completed FY20-FY23
30
technology installations completed FY20-FY23
US$1.5 billion
in Title IV Federal Funding preserved at HBCUs
See how Cisco is helping Clark Atlanta 
University enhance its network security.
FY23 Purpose Report  | 58
Future
For All
Intro
Power
Inclusive
Looking Ahead

Our Social Justice Beliefs
At Cisco, we believe in fairness and equity for all. Our commitment to 
advancing Social Justice is grounded in six core beliefs. Our beliefs 
inspire us—and guide us—in advocating for justice, equitable treatment, 
and changing systems to be more inclusive around the world.
Technology for good
Technology connects us. It makes the world better. We're committed 
to building technology that encourages people to create new 
possibilities. And we defend against any misuse of our technology to 
censor, oppress, or bring injustice against anyone.
Equity
Social justice isn't political. It's a call for fairness and solutions that 
confront injustice and create economies, cultures, and communities 
where everyone can thrive.
Proximity
We educate ourselves by getting closer to people who have lived—and 
are living—through injustice, hatred, prejudice, or discrimination simply 
for being who they are. It's that empathy and understanding that 
drives us to act boldly.
Security of being
We stand for the most fundamental of human rights—the security 
of being—to protect people who are targets of prejudice, hate, 
and violence. 
Coalescence
We're creating a culture that brings our employees, suppliers, 
communities, and partners together to take action and drive 
meaningful change.
Full-spectrum diversity
We believe that social justice must ultimately be addressed across 
the full spectrum of diversity, including gender identity, age, race, 
ethnicity, sexual orientation, disability status, nationality, religion, 
military status, background, culture, experience, strengths, 
and perspectives.
Supplier diversity 
at Cisco 
Cisco’s Supplier Diversity Program and our 
Social Justice Action 7 focus on extending our 
commitment to full spectrum diversity to the owners 
and employees of businesses that supply billions 
in goods and services that we purchase every 
year. This year we exceeded our goal to double 
the amount we spend with diverse suppliers by 
2023. We track not only diversity of ownership in 
our supplier community, but also the diversity of 
preferred suppliers’ employees that directly support 
Cisco. In turn, we share resources with suppliers 
about how they can drive diversity and create 
strong cultures within their own workforces. 
FY23 Purpose Report  | 59
Future
For All
Intro
Power
Inclusive
Looking Ahead

ESG  
Reporting Hub
Highlights of our progress 
Fiscal years 2020 through 2023 (FY20-FY23). 
FY20 is the base year for metrics that are not year-over-year.
By FY25: Social Justice Action 1, Support 
community partnerships, legislation, and 
advocacy: Donate US$5 million to AA/B nonprofit 
organizations advocating for equity and justice. 
US$4 million donated between FY20 and FY23
By FY23: Social Justice Action 2, Increase 
representation: Achieve a 25% increase in 
representation of all employees who self-identify 
as AA/B from entry level through manager and a 
75% increase in representation from Director to 
VP+ level, by expanding our diverse talent pipeline.
ACHIEVED. 
73% increase (entry level through manager) 
103% increase (Director) 
240% increase (Vice President and above) 
By FY24: Social Justice Action 7, Supplier 
engagement: Double how much we spend 
with diverse suppliers and receive reporting 
on diversity metrics from 95% of our 
preferred suppliers.1 
108% increase in diverse supplier spend 
between FY20 and FY23 
88% of preferred suppliers reported diversity 
metrics in FY23 
By FY25: Social Justice Action 8, Commit to 
HBCUs: Commit US$150 million to preserve the 
legacy and sustainability of HBCUs, with US$50 
million to fund science, technology, engineering, 
and mathematics (STEM) education and US$100 
million to drive technology modernization.
US$37.5 million spent on STEM education 
US$66 million spent on technology upgrades
By FY25: Social Justice Action 10, Diversify our 
partner ecosystem: Commit US$50 million to 
increase the diversity in our partner ecosystem 
by increasing the number of AA/B-owned 
technology companies and increasing 
opportunities to accelerate the financial growth 
of AA/B-owned partners.
Increased AA/B-owned companies in our 
partner ecosystem
Special focus on 17 Acceleration partners
By FY25: Social Justice Action 11, Invest in next 
generation tech innovation: Invest 
US$50 million in startups and venture 
funds led by diverse leaders.
Ongoing investment in startups and venture funds 
led by BIPOC, Latinx, and female leaders
Note: Progress against all goals listed by fiscal year is measured through the end of the fiscal year, unless otherwise noted.
1 The timeframe for this goal is calendar year 2023.
Learn more about our 
Social Justice Actions.
FY23 Purpose Report  | 60
Future
For All
Intro
Power
Inclusive
Looking Ahead

ESG  
Reporting Hub
Partnering for 
Purpose
Partnering for Purpose is an initiative that was launched at Cisco 
Partner Summit in November 2022. It aligns with our commitment 
for an inclusive future and makes it easier for our partners, customers, 
and suppliers around the world to collaborate with us in order to 
accelerate and amplify our collective positive impact around the world. 
Since launch, we’ve seen it grow into a movement that includes 
our partners and Cisco sharing best practices and collaborating in 
different ways to amplify and grow this work together. We’ve seen 
actions big and small that all help to drive our purpose such as:
	
●
ePlus working with Cisco and its own customers to provide 
digital skills training for over 300 middle school girls through 
their successful Girls Re-Imagining Tomorrow (GRIT) program
	
●
Over 1300 volunteer hours accumulated during a week of give-back 
activities that involved multiple partners in the United States, 
Canada, and Latin America
	
●
The many partners engaged in our new Allied Partner model who 
are mentoring minority-owned businesses and working together 
to build their own diverse companies and cultures
It is fulfilling to see how purpose is playing a significant role in the ways 
in which our partners drive innovation. This was demonstrated through 
the many purpose-driven submissions received in the new Partnering 
for Purpose category of the 2023 Global Partner Innovation Challenge.  
The winners in this category included: 
	
●
Long View Systems in Canada and Kiw One in Spain for 
innovations addressing environmental sustainability, helping their 
customers achieve their ESG objectives and net-zero targets
	
●
Connect Professional Services in Egypt for innovation leveraging 
technology to address the access to healthcare in remote areas
	
●
LiteScape Technologies in the United States for their innovation 
in ensuring vulnerable and marginalized populations can stay 
connected to family and loved ones
These inspiring submissions not only highlight the ingenuity and 
innovative spirit of Cisco’s partners, but also show how doing good is 
good business when we create a lasting, positive impact on the world 
around us.  
Championing sustainability through 
professional excellence 
Cisco and Ingram Micro united to launch the first Cisco Partnering 
for Purpose Initiative in Australia: Blackbelt Certification for a 
Better Future. Both companies pledged donations to Planet 
Ark, an Australian environmental nonprofit, for every Black Belt 
Sustainability Certification completed. The initiative surpassed 
its goal with 202 Black Belt Sustainability Certificates issued, 
representing a 154 percent increase in Cisco Environmental 
Sustainability Specialized Partners and a AU$40,000 donation 
to Planet Ark. The increase in certifications and specializations 
translates into more skilled people designing more environmental 
savvy solutions for our customers.
Public policy and advocacy
Cisco develops and advocates for pro-technology 
policies and regulations. We engage with 
governments at all levels, focusing on public 
policies that support Cisco, our partners, and 
our customers, as well as enabling our purpose 
to Power an Inclusive Future for All. Visit our 
Government Affairs website for more information 
on our policy priorities, including:
	
●
Unlocking the power of the Internet
	
●
Supporting sustainability
	
●
Free trade and inclusive trade policies
	
●
Investing in people and knowledge
	
●
Preserving an open Internet
	
●
Protecting innovation
	
●
Promoting investment
	
●
Security against evolving threats
	
●
Building next-generation wireless networks
Get involved with Partnering for Purpose.
FY23 Purpose Report  | 61
Future
For All
Intro
Power
Inclusive
Looking Ahead

Looking 
Ahead
Our Purpose can’t just be 
something we look back on
Each year we look back at our accomplishments and 
the positive impact we’ve made in the world, but we 
can’t stop there. To continue driving lasting change, 
we must also look ahead and consider the changing 
terrain, identify challenges and trends, and recognize 
opportunities. We find our way forward by leveraging 
our unique strengths to do good for our communities, 
good for our business, and good for all.
FY23 Purpose Report  | 62
Future
For All
Intro
Power
Inclusive
Looking Ahead

A message from 
Fran Katsoudas
What is the purpose of a Purpose Report? Historically we’ve used our 
Purpose Report as an opportunity to reflect on the year’s work and the 
progress we’ve made against our goals, to quantify our impact, and 
to highlight the people and lives we’ve touched. Several years ago, 
we realized that intersecting our business, technology, and innovation 
together with our Purpose allowed us to focus where we could have 
the biggest impact. We also recognized that if we designed and 
operationalized our purpose thoughtfully, we could drive impact while 
driving business results—creating something lasting and real. 
Any company looking to successfully execute their business strategy 
must consider the changing terrain, identify upcoming challenges and 
trends, and anticipate how to best meet evolving requirements. The 
same is true for purpose. 
Our biggest challenges are interconnected 
and interdependent.
The past several years brought us all unprecedented challenges, and 
a world more prone to polarization than before. But instead of binary 
questions and issues, a more multipolar world has emerged, requiring 
us to operate with more nuance and greater context than ever. In 
this context one thing is clear—we are more interconnected and 
interdependent than ever. 
Our lives and futures are linked by our shared dependence on our 
planet and its environments. We have a global responsibility to solve 
the climate crisis together. We see the growth of an increasingly 
digital and global economy, keeping us connected through 
ecosystems of financial interdependence. And as we learned in the 
recent pandemic, our collective health is also inextricably linked.
Global crises also continue to grow increasingly interconnected—and 
the consequences disproportionately fall on vulnerable communities. 
Developing nations who often contribute the least to climate change 
bear the brunt of its impact. And due to a lack of infrastructure and 
technological advancement, they are often the least equipped to 
respond to natural disasters. While the digital economy continues to 
grow, 2.6 billion people remain unconnected, denying them access to 
the opportunities and resources available. The consequences of each 
crisis exacerbate others—access to education is disrupted, progress 
for women and girls is set back, and extreme poverty rates rise. 
Pursuing our Purpose can and must be the glue that brings 
us together to meet this moment and address these complex, 
interconnected issues. The question we must continue to ask as 
we look ahead is, how?
Crisis response won’t solve these issues. 
We must build resilient communities. 
To get ahead of compounding shocks, we must embed resilience 
in all aspects of our communities. Resilient communities are those 
equipped with the necessary tools and resources to adapt and 
bounce back in the face of various challenges, including natural 
disasters, economic disruptions, and social crises. Over the past few 
years, we’ve seen that many communities around the world don’t 
have what they need to withstand, respond, and recover from the 
challenges we have and will face.
Our efforts to bring our Purpose to life can be harnessed and 
focused on building resilient global communities. When we defined 
our Purpose, to Power an Inclusive Future for All, we operationalized 
the work of our teams to co-innovate with partners leveraging 
connectivity; address the digital skills gap; drive sustainability, 
inclusivity, and social justice; and support new ideas with partnerships 
and impact grants. All these bodies of work have a place in building 
community resilience. 
Chief People, Policy, and 
Purpose Officer
FY23 Purpose Report  | 63
Future
For All
Intro
Power
Inclusive
Looking Ahead

We can’t do it alone.
I often speak about how in the arena of purpose and social impact, 
there should be less competition. When we see a problem, those of 
us focused on this work are so often compelled to jump in, offering 
our company’s help. But no one company can solve deeply complex 
issues, and we can do so much more and amplify our work when we 
do it together. I recognize the irony in saying this in an annual report 
focused on quantifying and celebrating the impact of our company. 
A better approach as we look ahead will be to consider how we can 
accelerate solutions by partnering—particularly with organizations 
whose strengths complement our own. 
I’ve learned that when we try to tackle issues alone, we often create 
fragmented solutions. When many companies are building stand-
alone solutions in a community, the community bears the burden of 
bringing them together. A community, like a customer, has specific 
needs and can only take in so many solutions at one time. It's a 
delicate dance for all companies and all leaders, but I truly believe the 
future of Purpose work in the private sector lies in our taking a more 
collaborative, less independent approach.
When you invest in communities and build resilience, you aren’t just 
protecting against future shocks. You’re opening up the potential for 
exponential opportunity and growth. 
In Africa, we have a powerful opportunity 
to build resilience and opportunity.
This summer, I spent eight weeks in Africa. I have been honored to be 
Cisco’s Executive Sponsor of the continent for several years, and while 
I had visited many times in the past, this summer was different. I had 
time to connect more deeply with customers, partners, and community 
organizations, and listen to their challenges and opportunities. 
There is tremendous global interest in the continent today, and 
it’s easy to see why: Africa has the world’s youngest population, 
incredible innovation, and cities that are rapidly expanding, creating 
cycles of growth. The energy is palpable. There are also challenges, 
including political upheaval and its impact on communities, unstable 
energy grids, threats posed by climate change, and limited access to 
the Internet and the services and opportunities it provides.
Spending time on the continent taught me about the local, nuanced 
issues facing the communities and how we can better cooperate 
to drive impact. Cisco has invested in infrastructure, cross-sector 
collaboration, support for innovation, and new approaches to 
partnership—investments that I believe could help create the potential 
for many African countries to “leapfrog” technologically and create 
new dynamics.
We can approach communities and our work in new ways with our 
private sector peers, governments, nonprofits, and community 
members. We can solve community challenges by leveraging the 
strengths and expertise of all organizations with proximity. 
If we can shift our approach—to partner, collaborate, and endorse, 
rather than compete—I believe we will not only build thriving, resilient 
communities across Africa, but also open opportunities for our 
company’s unique offerings to shine, driving even greater success.
Purpose can flex. It operates in a lane that is 
valued around the world, giving all of us who 
do this work the space to create and iterate, 
to sway and pivot, and find our rhythm. And 
when we do, pursuing our Purpose holds 
the door open for economic initiatives."
FY23 Purpose Report  | 64
Future
For All
Intro
Power
Inclusive
Looking Ahead

Where do we go from here?
Our Purpose can’t just be something we look back on—we must also look ahead. 
There is no doubt that the path forward for business in a multipolar world is 
less clear. There is significant work ahead to address risks in supply chains 
and manufacturing, and complex questions on how to best navigate a shifting 
geopolitical terrain. But should these challenges and uncertainties also apply to 
Purpose? I don’t think so. In fact, in this moment when many are shying away 
from a global mindset and approach, our Purpose work proceeds by pursuing 
what is most meaningful, regardless of whether that is at the local or global 
level. Purpose can flex. It operates in a lane that is valued around the world, 
giving all of us who do this work the space to create and iterate, to sway and 
pivot, and find our rhythm. And when we do, pursuing our Purpose holds the 
door open for economic initiatives.  
As we close the year in which we reached a goal of positively impacting 
1 billion people, I’m looking ahead to the next goal we’ll set for ourselves. 
We’ll continue to drive positive impact if we integrate the lessons of the 
past and take a new approach in the days and years ahead. If we approach 
problems as an ecosystem of partner organizations, each leveraging our unique 
strengths, we’ll do good for our communities, good for our businesses, and 
good for all.
Fran Katsoudas
Executive Vice President and 
Chief People, Policy, and Purpose Officer
FY23 Purpose Report  | 65
Future
For All
Intro
Power
Inclusive
Looking Ahead

Americas Headquarters
San Jose, CA, USA
Asia Pacific Headquarters
Singapore
Europe Headquarters
Amsterdam, The Netherlands
Cisco has approximately 400 offices worldwide. Addresses, phone numbers, and fax numbers are listed on the Cisco website at www.cisco.com/go/offices.
Cisco and the Cisco logo are trademarks or registered trademarks of Cisco and/or its affiliates in the United States and other countries. To view a list of Cisco 
trademarks, go to this URL: www.cisco.com/go/trademarks. Third-party trademarks mentioned are the property of their respective owners. The use of the word 
“partner” does not imply a partnership relationship between Cisco and any other company. (111OR)
© 2023 Cisco and/or its affiliates. All rights reserved. This document is Cisco public information.
Version 5, April 2024
Forward-looking statements
This report contains forward-looking statements that are subject to the safe harbors created under the Securities Act of 1933, as amended, and the Securities 
Exchange Act of 1934, as amended. All statements other than statements of historical facts are statements that could be deemed forward‑looking statements. 
These statements are based on current expectations, estimates, forecasts, and projections about the industries in which we operate and the beliefs and 
assumptions of our management. Words such as “expects,” “anticipates,” “targets,” “goals,” “projects,” “intends,” “plans,” “believes,” “momentum,” “seeks,” 
“estimates,” “continues,” “endeavors,” “strives,” “may,” variations of such words, and similar expressions are intended to identify such forward-looking statements. 
In addition, any statements that refer to (1) our goals, commitments, and programs; (2) our business plans, initiatives, and objectives; (3) our assumptions and 
expectations; (4) the scope and impact of our corporate responsibility risks and opportunities; and (5) standards and expectations of third parties are forward-
looking. Readers are cautioned that these forward-looking statements are only predictions and are subject to risks, uncertainties, and assumptions that are difficult 
to predict, including those identified in our most recent filings with the Securities and Exchange Commission on Form 10-K and Form 10‑Q. Forward-looking 
statements speak only as of the date they are made, and we do not undertake any obligation to update any forward‑looking statement.
Cisco continuously strives for transparency in our reporting on our ESG initiatives, goals, and progress. We set ambitious goals knowing that they may be difficult 
to fully achieve, but we strive to meet them within the designated time frames all the same. Acquiring other companies can potentially impact our progress 
towards our ESG goals. We will transparently report on our progress, including any impacts from acquisitions.

