UNITED STATES
SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION
Washington, D.C. 20549
 
Form 10-K 
 
(Mark One)
 
 
☑ 
ANNUAL REPORT PURSUANT TO SECTION 13 OR 15(d) OF THE SECURITIES
EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934
For the fiscal year ended February 2, 2024
or
☐ 
TRANSITION REPORT PURSUANT TO SECTION 13 OR 15(d) OF THE SECURITIES
EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934
For the transition period from            to           
 
Commission File Number:  001-37867 
 
Dell Technologies Inc. 
(Exact name of registrant as specified in its charter) 
 
Delaware
 
80-0890963
(State or other jurisdiction of incorporation or organization)
 
(I.R.S. Employer Identification No.)
One Dell Way, Round Rock, Texas 78682 
(Address of principal executive offices) (Zip Code)
1-800-289-3355 
(Registrant’s telephone number, including area code)
Securities registered pursuant to Section 12(b) of the Act:
Title of each class
Trading Symbol(s)
Name of each exchange on which registered
Class C Common Stock, par value of $0.01 per share
DELL
New York Stock Exchange
Securities registered pursuant to Section 12(g) of the Act:  None
Indicate by check mark if the registrant is a well-known seasoned issuer, as defined in Rule 405 of the Securities Act. Yes  þ  No ¨
Indicate by check mark if the registrant is not required to file reports pursuant to Section 13 or Section 15(d) of the Act. Yes  ¨  No þ
Indicate by check mark whether the registrant (1) has filed all reports required to be filed by Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange 
Act of 1934 during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to file such reports), and (2) has been 
subject to such filing requirements for the past 90 days. Yes þ   No ¨
Indicate by check mark whether the registrant has submitted electronically every Interactive Data File required to be submitted pursuant to 
Rule 405 of Regulation S-T (§ 232.405 of this chapter) during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant was 
required to submit such files). Yes þ   No ¨
Indicate by check mark whether the registrant is a large accelerated filer, an accelerated filer, a non-accelerated filer, a smaller reporting 
company, or an emerging growth company.  See the definitions of “large accelerated filer,” “accelerated filer,” “smaller reporting company,” 
and “emerging growth company” in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act. 
Large accelerated filer
☑
 
Accelerated filer 
☐
Non-accelerated filer
☐
 
Smaller reporting company ☐
Emerging growth company ☐
If an emerging growth company, indicate by check mark if the registrant has elected not to use the extended transition period for complying 
with any new or revised financial accounting standards provided pursuant to Section 13(a) of the Exchange Act. ☐
Indicate by check mark whether the registrant has filed a report on and attestation to its management’s assessment of the effectiveness of its 
internal control over financial reporting under Section 404(b) of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act (15 U.S.C. 7262(b)) by the registered public 
accounting firm that prepared or issued its audit report. ☑
If securities are registered pursuant to Section 12(b) of the Act, indicate by check mark whether the financial statements of the registrant 
included in the filing reflect the correction of an error to previously issued financial statements. ☐
Table of Contents
1

Indicate by check mark whether any of those error corrections are restatements that required a recovery analysis of incentive-based 
compensation received by any of the registrant’s executive officers during the relevant recovery period pursuant to §240.10D-1(b). ☐
Indicate by check mark whether the registrant is a shell company (as defined in Rule 12b-2 of the Act).  Yes ☐   No þ
As of August 4, 2023, the last business day of the registrant’s most recently completed second fiscal quarter, the aggregate market value of 
the shares of the registrant’s common stock held by non-affiliates was approximately $13.2 billion (based on the closing price of $53.24 per 
share of Class C Common Stock reported on the New York Stock Exchange on that date).
As of March 18, 2024, there were 713,790,335 shares of the registrant’s common stock outstanding, consisting of 305,216,717 outstanding 
shares of Class C Common Stock, 328,262,341 outstanding shares of Class A Common Stock, and 80,311,277 outstanding shares of Class B 
Common Stock.
DOCUMENTS INCORPORATED BY REFERENCE
The information required by Part III of this report, to the extent not set forth herein, is incorporated by reference from the registrant’s proxy 
statement relating to its annual meeting of stockholders to be held in 2024.  The proxy statement will be filed with the Securities and 
Exchange Commission within 120 days after the end of the fiscal year to which this report relates.
Table of Contents
2

CAUTIONARY NOTE REGARDING FORWARD-LOOKING STATEMENTS
This report contains “forward-looking statements” within the meaning of Section 27A of the Securities Act of 1933 and Section 
21E of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934.  The words “may,” “will,” “anticipate,” “estimate,” “expect,” “intend,” “plan,” 
“aim,” “seek,” and similar expressions as they relate to us or our management are intended to identify these forward-looking 
statements.  All statements by us regarding our expected financial position, revenues, cash flows and other operating results, 
business strategy, legal proceedings, and similar matters are forward-looking statements.  Our expectations expressed or 
implied in these forward-looking statements may not turn out to be correct.  Our results could be materially different from our 
expectations because of various risks, including the risks discussed in “Part I — Item 1A — Risk Factors” and in our other 
periodic and current reports filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission (“SEC”).  Any forward-looking statement 
speaks only as of the date as of which such statement is made, and, except as required by law, we undertake no obligation to 
update any forward-looking statement after the date as of which such statement was made, whether to reflect changes in 
circumstances or our expectations, the occurrence of unanticipated events, or otherwise.
Table of Contents
3

                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                    
DELL TECHNOLOGIES INC.
TABLE OF CONTENTS
Page
PART I
Item 1.
Business
5
Item 1A.
Risk Factors
18
Item 1B.
Unresolved Staff Comments
33
Item 1C.
Cybersecurity
34
Item 2.
Properties
36
Item 3.
Legal Proceedings
36
Item 4.
Mine Safety Disclosures
36
PART II
Item 5.
Market for Registrant’s Common Equity, Related Stockholder Matters and Issuer Purchases of 
Equity Securities
37
Item 6.
[Reserved]
39
Item 7.
Management’s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations
40
Item 7A.
Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosures About Market Risk
70
Item 8.
Financial Statements and Supplementary Data
72
Item 9.
Changes in and Disagreements With Accountants on Accounting and Financial Disclosure
152
Item 9A.
Controls and Procedures
152
Item 9B.
Other Information
154
Item 9C.
Disclosure Regarding Foreign Jurisdictions that Prevent Inspections
154
PART III
Item 10.
Directors, Executive Officers and Corporate Governance
154
Item 11.
Executive Compensation
155
Item 12.
Security Ownership of Certain Beneficial Owners and Management and Related Stockholder 
Matters
155
Item 13.
Certain Relationships and Related Transactions, and Director Independence
155
Item 14.
Principal Accountant Fees and Services
155
PART IV
Item 15.
Exhibit and Financial Statement Schedules
156
Item 16.
Form 10-K Summary
163
Signatures
164
Table of Contents
4

PART I
Unless the context indicates otherwise, references in this report to “we,” “us,” “our,” the “Company,” and “Dell 
Technologies” mean Dell Technologies Inc. and its consolidated subsidiaries, references to “Dell” mean Dell Inc. and Dell 
Inc.’s consolidated subsidiaries, and references to “EMC” mean EMC Corporation and EMC Corporation’s consolidated 
subsidiaries.
Our fiscal year is the 52- or 53-week period ending on the Friday nearest January 31.  We refer to our fiscal years ended 
February 2, 2024, February 3, 2023, and January 28, 2022 as “Fiscal 2024,” “Fiscal 2023,” and “Fiscal 2022,” 
respectively. Fiscal 2024 and Fiscal 2022 included 52 weeks, while Fiscal 2023 included 53 weeks.
ITEM 1 — BUSINESS
Company Overview
Dell Technologies helps organizations build their digital futures and individuals transform how they work, live, and play.  We 
provide customers with a broad and innovative solutions portfolio for the data and artificial intelligence (“AI”) era, including 
traditional and modern infrastructure.  Our differentiated and holistic information technology (“IT”) solutions enable us to 
capture growth as customer spending priorities evolve. 
Dell Technologies’ integrated solutions help customers modernize their IT infrastructure, manage and operate in a multicloud 
world, address workforce transformation, and provide critical solutions that keep people and organizations connected.  We are 
helping customers accelerate their digital transformations to improve and strengthen business and workforce productivity.  With 
our extensive portfolio and our commitment to innovation, we offer secure, integrated solutions that extend from the edge to the 
core to the cloud, and we are at the forefront of AI, software-defined, and cloud native infrastructure solutions.  
Dell Technologies operates globally in over 170 countries, supported by a world-class organization across key functional areas, 
including technology and product development, marketing, sales, services, and financing.  We have a number of operational 
advantages that provide a critical foundation for our success.  Our go-to-market engine includes an extensive direct sales force, 
with the ability to build deep customer relationships, and a global network of channel partners.  Our global services footprint 
consists of service and support professionals and vendor-managed service centers that support customers across the world.  We 
also manage a world-class supply chain at a significant scale with the ability to remain agile in a variety of environments.
We offer customers choice in how they acquire our solutions including traditional purchasing and financing offerings provided 
by Dell Financial Services and its affiliates (“DFS”).  We also offer flexible consumption models, including utility, 
subscription, and as-a-Service models.  These offerings allow our customers to pay over time and provide them with operational 
and financial flexibility.
Our Vision and Strategy
Our vision is to become the most essential technology partner.  We help customers address their IT needs and digital 
transformation objectives as they embrace today’s changing technology landscape.  We intend to realize our vision as we 
execute our strategy to leverage our strengths to extend our leadership positions and capture new growth.
We believe we are uniquely positioned in our industry and that our results will continue to benefit from our operational 
advantages, which position our Company for long-term growth and value creation while keeping our purpose at the forefront of 
our decision-making: to create technologies that drive human progress. 
Technology is rapidly evolving with demand for simple and holistic solutions as companies navigate an increasingly complex 
IT environment.  To meet our customers’ needs, we invest in research and development, sales, and other key areas of our 
business to deliver superior products and solutions capabilities and to drive sustainable long-term growth.
Table of Contents
5

The impacts of technological advancement and data expansion continue to be a force for progress as artificial intelligence and 
generative AI have become the next wave of technological innovation.  Through each wave of technological progress, we look 
to advance our capabilities to change the way we work, make decisions, improve business outcomes and customer experience, 
and reduce cost by leveraging new technology to streamline our systems and optimize business processes.  We believe our 
unique operating advantages, our leadership, and our way of doing business provide a foundation to foster growth, drive 
efficiencies, and capitalize on each successive wave of innovation in a dynamic industry.
Products and Services
We design, develop, manufacture, market, sell, and support a wide range of comprehensive and integrated solutions, products, 
and services.  We are organized into two business units which are also our reportable segments: Infrastructure Solutions Group 
and Client Solutions Group.
•
Infrastructure Solutions Group (“ISG”) — ISG enables our customers’ digital transformations with solutions that 
address AI, machine learning, data analytics, and multicloud environments.  ISG helps customers simplify, streamline, 
and automate IT operations.  ISG solutions are built for multicloud environments and are optimized to run workloads 
in both public and private clouds, as well as on-premise.
Our comprehensive storage portfolio includes modern and traditional storage solutions, including all-flash arrays, 
scale-out file, object platforms, hyper-converged infrastructure, and software-defined storage.
Our server portfolio includes high-performance general-purpose and AI-optimized servers able to run workloads 
across customers’ IT environments, on-premises and in multicloud and edge environments.  Our AI-optimized servers 
are designed to run high-value workloads, including AI model training, fine-tuning, and inferencing.  Our networking 
portfolio helps our business customers transform and modernize their infrastructure, mobilize and enrich end-user 
experiences, and accelerate business applications and processes.  
Our strengths in server, storage, and virtualization software solutions allow us to offer leading converged and hyper-
converged solutions, enabling our customers to accelerate their IT transformation with scalable integrated solutions.  
ISG also offers software, peripherals, and services, including consulting, configuration, and support and deployment.
Approximately half of ISG revenue is generated by sales to customers in the Americas, with the remaining portion 
derived from sales to customers in the Europe, Middle East, and Africa region (“EMEA”) and the Asia-Pacific and 
Japan region (“APJ”).
•
Client Solutions Group (“CSG”) — CSG offers branded PCs including notebooks, desktops, and workstations and 
branded peripherals that include displays, docking stations, keyboards, mice, and webcam and audio devices, as well 
as third-party software and peripherals.  CSG also includes services offerings, such as configuration, support and 
deployment, and extended warranties.  
Our CSG offerings are designed to optimize performance, reliability, manageability, design, and security for our 
customers.  Our commercial portfolio provides our customers with solutions centered on flexibility to address their 
complex needs such as IT modernization, hybrid work transformation, and other critical areas.  Within our high-end 
consumer and gaming offerings, we provide our customers with powerful performance, processing, and end-user 
experiences.  
Approximately 60% of CSG revenue is generated by sales to customers in the Americas, with the remaining portion 
derived from sales to customers in EMEA and APJ.
Our “other businesses,” described below, primarily consist of our resale of standalone offerings of VMware LLC (formerly 
“VMware, Inc.” and individually and together with its subsidiaries, “VMware”), referred to as “VMware Resale,” and offerings 
of SecureWorks Corp. (“Secureworks”).  These businesses are not classified as reportable segments, either individually or 
collectively. 
Table of Contents
6

•
VMware Resale consists of our sale of standalone VMware offerings.  Following the completion of our spin-off of 
VMware in November 2021, Dell Technologies continued to resell VMware’s offerings to our customers under our 
Commercial Framework Agreement (the “CFA”) with VMware discussed in this report.  On November 22, 2023, 
VMware was acquired by Broadcom, Inc. (“Broadcom”).  Subsequent to the acquisition, Broadcom announced 
changes to its go-to-market approach for VMware offerings, resulting in a change in our commercial relationship with 
VMware.  On January 25, 2024, under a provision of the CFA permitting us to terminate the agreement upon a change 
in control of VMware, we delivered notice of termination of the CFA to Broadcom under which the agreement will 
terminate on March 25, 2024.  
The Company continues to integrate select VMware products and services with Dell Technologies’ offerings and sell 
them to end-users.  The results of such offerings are reflected within CSG or ISG, depending upon the nature of the 
underlying offering sold.  See Note 20 of the Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements included in this report for 
more information about our relationship with VMware.
•
Secureworks (NASDAQ: SCWX) is a global cybersecurity provider of technology-driven security solutions singularly 
focused on protecting its customers by outpacing and outmaneuvering the adversary.  The solutions offered by 
Secureworks enable organizations of varying size and complexity to prevent security breaches, detect malicious 
activity, respond rapidly when a security breach occurs, and identify emerging threats.
For further discussion regarding our current reportable segments, see “Part II — Item 7 — Management’s Discussion and 
Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations — Results of Operations — Business Unit Results” and Note 19 of 
the Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements included in this report. 
Consumption Models
Our customers are seeking choice in how they consume our solutions and are looking to remove cost and complexity, align 
solution offerings to their business needs, and provide consistent, high-quality operations throughout their IT enterprise.  
We offer our customers choices that include as-a-Service, subscription, utility, leases, loans, and immediate pay models 
designed to match customers' consumption and financing preferences.  We continue to enhance our as-a-Service offerings, 
inclusive of our offerings under Dell APEX.  We believe these options provide operational and financial flexibility and 
strengthen our customer relationships.
These offerings typically result in multiyear agreements which generate recurring revenue streams over the term of the 
arrangement.  We expect that these offerings will provide a foundation for growth in recurring revenue.  We define recurring 
revenue as revenue recognized that is primarily related to hardware and software maintenance as well as to subscription, as-a-
Service, usage-based offerings, and operating leases.
Dell Financial Services
DFS supports our businesses by offering and arranging various financing options and services for our customers globally.  DFS 
originates, collects, and services customer receivables primarily related to the purchase or use of our product, software, and 
services offerings.  We also arrange financing for some of our customers in countries where DFS does not currently operate as a 
captive enterprise.  Additionally, as described above, we offer flexible consumption models, including utility, subscription, and 
as-a-Service models.  DFS funded $8.4 billion of originations in Fiscal 2024 and maintains an $10.5 billion global portfolio of 
high-quality financing receivables.  The results of these operations are allocated to our segments based on the underlying 
product or service financed and may be impacted by, among other factors, changes in the interest rate environment and the 
translation of those changes to pricing.  For additional information about our financing arrangements, see Note 6 of the Notes to 
the Consolidated Financial Statements included in this report.  
Table of Contents
7

Research and Development
We focus on developing innovative solutions that incorporate desirable features and capabilities at competitive prices.  We 
employ a collaborative approach to design and development in which our engineers, with direct customer input, design 
solutions and work with a global network of technology partners to architect new system designs, influence the direction of 
future development, and integrate new technologies into our products and solutions.  We strive to deliver new and relevant 
products to the market quickly and efficiently. 
Our software engineers are focused on developing the next generation of innovative solutions.  Our embedded software 
simplifies the complex through automation, increasingly leveraging artificial intelligence and machine-learning technology.  
Most of our research and development (“R&D”) expenditures represent costs to develop the software that powers these 
solutions.  
We manage our R&D expenses by concentrating on solutions that we believe are most valuable to our customers and by 
leveraging the capabilities of our strategic partnerships.  We have a global R&D presence, with total R&D expenses of $2.8 
billion for both Fiscal 2024 and Fiscal 2023, and $2.6 billion for Fiscal 2022.  These investments reflect our commitment to 
innovation that aim to create the right solutions to help our customers build their digital future and transform their businesses.
Strategic Investments and Acquisitions
As part of our strategy, we will continue to evaluate opportunities for strategic investments through our venture capital 
investment arm, Dell Technologies Capital, with a focus on emerging technology areas that are relevant to our business and that 
will complement our existing portfolio of solutions.  We target investments in such areas as storage, software-defined 
networking, management and orchestration, security, machine learning and AI, Big Data and analytics, cloud, edge computing, 
and software development operations.  The technologies or products these companies have under development are typically in 
the early stages and may never have commercial value, which could result in a loss of a substantial part of our investment in the 
companies.  
As of both February 2, 2024 and February 3, 2023, we held strategic investments in non-marketable securities of $1.3 billion.  
See Note 5 of the Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements included in this report for additional information.
In addition to these investments, we may also make disciplined acquisitions of businesses that advance our strategic objectives 
and accelerate our innovation agenda.
Manufacturing and Materials
We own manufacturing facilities located in the United States, Malaysia, China, Brazil, India, Poland, and Ireland.  See “Item 2 
— Properties” for information about our manufacturing and distribution facilities. 
We also utilize contract manufacturers throughout the world to manufacture or assemble our products under the Dell 
Technologies brand to provide operational flexibility, achieve cost efficiencies, deliver products faster, better serve our 
customers, and enhance our supply chain.  When using contract manufacturers, we purchase components from suppliers and 
subsequently sell those components to the manufacturer.  Our manufacturing process consists of assembly, software 
installation, functional testing, and quality control.  We conduct operations utilizing a formal, documented quality management 
system to ensure that our products and services satisfy customer needs and expectations.  Testing and quality control are also 
applied to components, parts, sub-assemblies, and systems obtained from third-party suppliers.
Our quality management system is maintained through the testing of components, sub-assemblies, software, and systems at 
various stages in the manufacturing process.  Quality control procedures also include a burn-in period for completed units after 
assembly, ongoing production reliability audits, failure tracking for early identification of production and component problems, 
and processing of information from customers obtained through services and support programs.  This system is certified to the 
ISO 9001 International Standard that includes our global sites and organizations that design, manufacture, and service our 
products. 
Table of Contents
8

Our order fulfillment, manufacturing, and test facilities are also certified to the ISO 9001 International Standard for quality 
management systems, the ISO 14001 International Standard for environmental management systems, the ISO 45001 
International Standard for health and safety management systems, and the ISO 50001 International Standard for energy 
management systems.  These internationally-recognized endorsements of ongoing quality, environmental, health and safety, 
and energy management are among the highest levels of certifications available.  We also have implemented programs and 
methodologies to ensure that the quality of our designs, manufacturing, test processes, and supplier relationships are continually 
improved. 
We maintain a Supplier Code of Conduct, actively manage recycling processes for our returned products, and are certified by 
the Environmental Protection Agency as a Smartway Transport Partner.
We purchase materials, supplies, product components, and products from a large number of qualified suppliers.  In some cases, 
where multiple sources of supply are not available, we rely on a single source or a limited number of sources of supply if we 
believe it is advantageous to do so because of performance, quality, support, delivery, capacity, or price considerations.  We 
believe that any disruption that may occur because of our dependence on single- or limited-source vendors would not 
disproportionately disadvantage us relative to our competitors.  See “Item 1A — Risk Factors — Risks Relating to Our 
Business and Our Industry — Our reliance on vendors for products and components, many of which are single-source or 
limited-source suppliers, could harm our business by adversely affecting product availability, delivery, reliability, and cost. ” 
for information about the risks associated with Dell Technologies’ use of single- or limited-source suppliers.
Product Backlog
Product backlog represents the value of unfulfilled manufacturing orders and is included as a component of remaining 
performance obligations to the extent we determine that the manufacturing orders are non-cancelable.  Our business model 
generally gives us the flexibility to optimize product backlog including by expediting shipping or prioritizing customer orders 
for products that have shorter lead times.  During Fiscal 2023, we reduced our backlog across both CSG and ISG from 
previously elevated levels as constraints in limited-source components began to diminish as a result of improving supply 
positions and overall declines in the demand environment.  During Fiscal 2024, while our supply chain operated efficiently at 
standard lead times, demand for AI-optimized servers outpaced the supply of graphics processing units (“GPUs”), resulting in 
elevated backlog levels for such offerings as we exited the fiscal year.  
Geographic Operations
Our corporate headquarters is located in Round Rock, Texas.  We have operations and conduct business in many countries 
located in the Americas, Europe, the Middle East, Asia, and other geographic regions.  To increase our global reach, we 
continue to focus on emerging markets outside of the United States, Western Europe, Canada, and Japan.  We continue to view 
these geographical markets, which include the vast majority of the world’s population, as a long-term growth opportunity.  
Accordingly, we pursue the development of technology solutions that meet the needs of these markets.  For information about 
the amount of net revenue we generated from our operations outside of the United States during the last three fiscal years, see 
Note 19 of the Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements included in this report.
Seasonality
Our sales can be affected by seasonal trends.  Within ISG, our storage sales are typically stronger in our fourth fiscal quarter.  
Our sales within the Americas are typically stronger in the second and fourth fiscal quarters, while our sales in EMEA are 
typically stronger during the fourth fiscal quarter.  Historical seasonal patterns have been impacted by the changing 
macroeconomic environment and our mix of business, and may not continue in the future. 
Competition 
We operate in an industry in which there are rapid technological advances in hardware, software, and services offerings.  We 
face ongoing product and price competition in all areas of our business, including from both branded and generic competitors.  
We compete based on our ability to offer customers competitive, scalable, and integrated solutions that provide the most current 
and desired product and services features at a competitive price.  We closely monitor market pricing, including the effect of 
foreign exchange rate movements, in an effort to provide the best value for our customers.  We believe that our strong 
relationships with our customers and channel partners allow us to respond quickly to changing customer needs and other 
macroeconomic factors.
Table of Contents
9

We also face competition from non-traditional IT companies, including large Infrastructure-as-a-Service providers, that often 
buy their infrastructure directly from original design manufacturers.  Competitive pressures could increase if customers choose 
to move existing workloads to these Infrastructure-as-a-Service providers.
The markets in which we compete span countries around the world with customers that range from the world’s largest 
corporations to small and medium-sized businesses to consumers and also include government and not-for-profit organizations.  
We believe that new businesses will continue to enter these markets and develop technologies that, if successfully 
commercialized, may compete with our products and services.  Moreover, current competitors may enter into new strategic 
relationships with new or existing competitors, which may further increase the competitive pressures.  See “Item 1A — Risk 
Factors — Risks Relating to Our Business and Our Industry” for information about our competitive risks. 
Sales and Marketing
Our sales and marketing efforts are organized around our customers.  Our global sales and marketing team has created a go-to-
market model that is collaborative and customer-focused.  We generally organize our go-to-market operations with a focus on 
geographic and customer segments which encompass large global and national enterprises, governmental agencies and other 
public institutions, educational institutions, healthcare organizations, small and medium-sized businesses, and consumers. 
Go-to-market strategy — We sell products and services directly to customers and through other sales channels, which include 
value-added resellers, system integrators, distributors, and retailers.  We manage our direct sales team and channel partners to 
offer a unified customer experience.
We believe our direct sales channel is a significant competitive advantage and emphasizes direct communication with 
customers, allowing us to refine our products and marketing programs while providing insight to better navigate through supply 
chain challenges and complexity.  
In addition to our direct sales channel, we use our network of channel partners to sell our products and services, enabling us to 
efficiently reach and serve a greater number of customers.  The Dell Technologies partner program provides partners with 
appropriate incentives to encourage sales generation.  We also facilitate access to third-party financing to help our channel 
partners manage their working capital.  We believe that building long-term relationships with our channel partners enhances our 
ability to deliver a high-quality customer experience.  During Fiscal 2024, our other sales channels generated approximately 
50% of our net revenue.  
Large enterprises and public institutions  — For large enterprises and public institutions, we maintain a field sales force across 
the world to serve our largest customers.  Dedicated account teams, which include technical sales specialists, form long-term 
relationships and support our largest customers, develop tailored solutions to meet their needs, position the capabilities of Dell 
Technologies, and provide us with customer feedback.  For these customers, we offer several programs designed to provide 
single points of contact and accountability with dedicated account managers, special pricing, and consistent service and support 
programs.  We also maintain specific sales and marketing programs targeting federal, state, and local governmental agencies, as 
well as healthcare and educational customers.
Small and medium-sized business and consumers — We market our products and services to small and medium-sized 
businesses and consumers through various advertising media.  To react quickly to our customers’ needs, we track our Net 
Promoter Score, a customer loyalty metric that is widely used across various industries.  Net Promoter Score is a trademark of 
Satmetrix Systems, Inc., Bain & Company, Inc., and Fred Reichheld.  We also engage with customers through social media.
Patents, Trademarks, and Licenses
As of February 2, 2024, we held a worldwide portfolio of 22,522 granted patents and 8,386 pending patent applications.  We 
continue to obtain new patents through our ongoing research and development activities.  The inventions claimed in our patents 
and patent applications cover aspects of our current and possible future offerings, computer systems, software products, 
manufacturing processes, and related technologies.  We also hold licenses to use numerous third-party patents.  Although we 
use our patented inventions and license some of them to others, we are not substantially dependent on any single patent or 
group of related patents.  Our product and process patents may establish barriers to entry, and we anticipate that our worldwide 
patent portfolio will continue to be of value in negotiating intellectual property rights with others in the industry.
Table of Contents
10

We have used, registered, or applied to register certain trademarks and copyrights in the United States and in other countries.  
We believe that Dell Technologies, DELL, Alienware, and Secureworks word marks and logo marks in the United States are 
material to our operations.
We have entered into software licensing agreements with other companies.  We also license certain technologies and 
intellectual property from third parties for use in our offerings and processes, and license some of our technologies and 
intellectual property to third parties. 
Government Regulation
Our business is subject to regulation by various U.S. federal and state governmental agencies and other governmental agencies.  
Such regulation includes the activities of the U.S. Federal Communications Commission; the anti-trust regulatory activities of 
the U.S. Federal Trade Commission, the U.S. Department of Justice, and the European Union; the consumer protection laws 
and financial services regulation of the U.S. Federal Trade Commission and various U.S. governmental agencies; the export 
regulatory activities of the U.S. Department of Commerce and the U.S. Department of the Treasury; the import regulatory 
activities of the U.S. Customs and Border Protection; the product safety regulatory activities of the U.S. Consumer Product 
Safety Commission and the U.S. Department of Transportation; the health information privacy and security requirements of the 
U.S. Department of Health and Human Services; and the environmental, employment and labor, and other regulatory activities 
of a variety of governmental authorities in each of the countries in which we conduct business.  
Our operations are subject to a variety of environmental, performance, and safety regulations in all aspects of our operations.  
Product design and procurement operations must comply with requirements relating to materials composition, sourcing, 
radiated emissions, energy efficiency and collection, recycling, treatment, transportation, and disposal of electronics products, 
including restrictions on mercury, lead, cadmium, lithium metal, lithium ion, and other substances.  Our operations may also 
become subject to new or emergent standards relating to climate change laws and regulations.  The amount and timing of costs 
under environmental and safety laws are difficult to predict.  We were not assessed any material environmental fines, nor did 
we have any material environmental remediation or other environmental costs, during Fiscal 2024.
We and our subsidiaries are subject to various anti-corruption laws that prohibit improper payments or offers of payments to 
foreign governments and their officials for the purpose of obtaining or retaining business, and are also subject to export 
controls, customs regulations, economic sanctions laws, including those currently imposed on Russia, and embargoes imposed 
by the U.S. government.  Violations of the U.S. Foreign Corrupt Practices Act or other anti-corruption laws or export controls, 
customs regulations, or economic sanctions laws may result in severe criminal or civil sanctions and penalties.
We are subject to provisions of the Dodd-Frank Wall Street Reform and Consumer Protection Act intended to improve 
transparency and accountability concerning the supply of minerals originating from the conflict zones of the Democratic 
Republic of the Congo or adjoining countries.  We incur costs to comply with the disclosure requirements of this law and other 
costs relating to the sourcing and availability of minerals used in our products.
Sustainability and Environmental, Social, and Governance Activities
Dell Technologies is committed to driving human progress by putting our technology and expertise to work where we believe it 
can do the most good for both people and the planet.  We recognize that all of our stakeholders — shareholders, customers, 
suppliers, employees, and communities — as well as the environment and society, are essential to our business. 
Dell Technologies is committed to progressing towards the goals set forth in our plan for 2030 and beyond, which we refer to as 
our 2030 goals.  We are using these goals to help build our business, promote long-term shareholder value creation, and guide 
our societal impact strategies over the next decade.  Our 2030 goals have four pillars:
•
Advancing Sustainability — We believe we have a responsibility to create a more sustainable future and to protect and 
enrich our planet together with our customers, suppliers, and communities.  We seek to achieve this by focusing our 
impact on selected key areas, including both climate change and circular economy.  We continue to emphasize 
sustainability across our business ecosystem, valuing natural resources and seeking to minimize our environmental 
impact.  With the power of our global supply chain, Dell Technologies pursues the highest standards of sustainability 
and ethical practices.
Table of Contents
11

•
Cultivating Inclusion — We view diversity and inclusion as a business imperative to help build and empower our 
future workforce.  We strive to cultivate an inclusive workforce, and believe our team members should be 
representative of the diversity in our global customer base.  Further, we believe diversity of leadership enhances 
innovation and ensures that company decisions reflect our diverse stakeholder groups.
•
Transforming Lives — We believe our scale, support, and the innovative application of our technology can be a 
catalyst in advancing fundamental human rights and addressing complex societal challenges, such as digital inclusion, 
for the underserved.  We endeavor to harness the power of technology, our scale, and our expertise to create a digital 
future that can contribute to the realization of human potential. 
•
Upholding Trust — Upholding trust through security, ethics, and privacy plays a critical role in creating business 
success.  We are committed to upholding ethics and integrity and ensuring that new talent and existing team members 
align with our ethical culture.  We will continue to invest in our advanced privacy governance and risk-management 
technology and continue seeking to select, evaluate, and do business with third parties who share our dedication to 
ethics and privacy.
Dell Technologies measures progress against our 2030 goals in our annually released reports available on our website.
Climate Change
At Dell Technologies, we believe that by addressing climate change, we are demonstrating our commitment to protect our 
communities and our planet.  As part of this mission, we seek to manage the greenhouse gas emissions (“GHG”) associated 
with our direct and indirect footprint.  Technology plays an important role in this undertaking.  We have set clear and ambitious 
GHG emissions targets to reach by 2030, aiming to achieve net zero emissions across scopes 1, 2, and 3 by 2050.  
Human Capital Management
We are a diverse team with unique perspectives united in our purpose, strategy, and culture.  Our goal is to ensure that 
employees of different backgrounds feel valued, engaged, and inspired to do their best work.  We aim to attract, develop, and 
retain an inclusive workforce through our ongoing diversity and inclusion efforts, training and development offerings, and 
competitive and comprehensive benefits that include health and wellness resources.  We believe the success of our commitment 
is demonstrated through our consistent market recognition as a best-in-class employer.
As of February 2, 2024, we had approximately 120,000 employees.  Throughout Fiscal 2024, we continued to take certain 
measures to reduce costs, including limiting external hiring, employee reorganizations, and other actions to align our 
investments with our announced strategic and customer priorities.  These actions resulted in a reduction in our overall 
headcount.  Despite these difficult decisions, we continue focused efforts to empower our employees and attract, develop, and 
retain talent. 
We seek to support our culture in four key focus areas:  
Diversity and Inclusion — At Dell Technologies, we believe diversity is powerful.  Our pillar on cultivating inclusion 
highlights how our human capital resources are vital to our social impact and long-term business success.  We believe closing 
the gap in employment of underrepresented minorities in the technology industry is critical to meeting future business needs 
and ensuring that diverse perspectives reflect our global customer base.  We are committed to equal employment opportunity 
and continuing to implement inclusive policies. 
As of February 2, 2024, excluding employees of Secureworks, approximately 35% of our global employees self-identified as 
women.  Of our global people leaders, approximately 29% self-identified as women.  We define people leaders as employees in 
a management level or executive position. 
As of the same date, our U.S. employee base was composed of employees who self-identified with the following races and 
ethnicities: 62% as White or Caucasian; 16% as Asian; 10% as Hispanic or Latino; 6% as Black or African American; 2% with 
two or more races; and 1% with additional groups (including American Indian, Alaska Native, Native Hawaiian or Other 
Pacific Islander).  Approximately 3% of our U.S. employee base did not self-report or specify race and ethnicity status.  Of our 
U.S. people leaders, 13% self-identified as Hispanic or Latino or as Black or African American. 
Table of Contents
12

As the composition of the workforce evolves, we recognize that many companies embracing diversity and inclusion report 
experiencing greater productivity, engagement, and employee satisfaction.  We are committed to increasing gender and ethnic 
diversity throughout Dell Technologies.  We seek to achieve the following representation goals within our workforce 
(excluding employees of Secureworks):
•
By 2030, 50% of our global workforce and 40% of our global people leaders will be those who self-identify as women. 
•
By 2030, 25% of our U.S. workforce and 15% of our U.S. people leaders will be those who self-identify as Black or 
African American or as Hispanic or Latino. 
We seek to meet these goals by:
•
building and attracting an inclusive workforce by investing in innovative recruiting and hiring programs intended to 
attract the best talent possible and address the global technology talent gap; and
•
developing and retaining our current team members through a supportive corporate culture focused on equality of 
access to career advancement and upskilling programs.
Achievement Through Learning, Development, and Competitive Compensation and Rewards — We have designed our 
comprehensive rewards programs to be globally consistent, locally relevant, and effective in attracting, motivating, and 
retaining high-quality talent.  Our rewards programs seek to inspire employees to do their best work for our customers and the 
growth of our business.  Through our comprehensive rewards programs, we are committed to equal pay.  We believe people 
should be equitably compensated for the value they deliver to our customers and other stakeholders, no matter their gender, 
ethnicity, or other diversity attributes.   
We provide a multitude of programs to support employees’ career growth and development through a centralized program.  
Through this program, we offer formal training options, individualized development programs, tools for 360-degree feedback, 
mentoring, networking, stretch assignments, and growth opportunities.  Our tools and resources are designed to empower and 
inspire employees to direct their own career paths and build a portfolio of transferable skills for success in the technology 
industry.  Our internal Career Hub supports employee growth by providing personalized development suggestions, such as 
mentorship and internal opportunities, that align with their skills and development goals.  We are committed to building a 
diverse leadership pipeline with a broad spectrum of skills, including the ability to act with integrity and inspire others.  
Balance and Wellness — We offer a competitive and comprehensive benefits package and strive to provide the best choice and 
value at the best cost.  Through our benefits package, we support our employees’ overall health and well-being through a 
comprehensive approach which provides programs and resources focused on mental, physical, and financial health, connection, 
and flexibility.  Work flexibility is part of our culture and remains a priority for us.  We strive to provide innovative and 
inclusive offerings, such as virtual live and on-demand educational sessions, counseling and support services, fitness and 
wellness challenges, voluntary progress tracking, and other incentives.
Connection and Engagement — We believe employee feedback is an important part of our culture and a key strategy to foster 
connection and engagement.  For example, through our annual Tell Dell survey, employees can confidentially voice their 
perceptions of the Company and our leadership, culture, and inclusiveness so we can continue to improve the employee 
experience.  We promote further employee connection and engagement through a variety of initiatives including, among others, 
our broader team member listening strategy and our Employee Resource Groups (“ERGs”).  We have 13 unique ERGs that 
cultivate inclusion and bring many collective voices together for a greater business impact.  Our ERGs also provide personal 
and professional development through networking opportunities, mentoring, volunteer activities, and community involvement.
Table of Contents
13

Supply Chain Resources
We manage our responsible business practices in one of the world’s largest supply chains, which involves hundreds of 
thousands of people around the world.  We seek to drive responsible manufacturing through robust assurance practices, 
including human rights due diligence and environmental stewardship.  We recognize that looking after the wellbeing of people 
in our supply chain is important and have various objectives for our work in this area, including:
•
providing healthy work environments;
•
delivering future-ready skills development for employees in our supply chain; and
•
continuing our engagement with the people who make our products.
We support workers in the value chain with training on key topics, including forced labor and health and safety, and we 
continue to work with suppliers to deliver training directly to employees via their mobile phones.  Through this initiative, Dell 
Technologies covers the cost of developing training modules and shares training costs with suppliers who deliver them. 
Dell Technologies works to ensure that we and our suppliers manufacture our products responsibly, in part through our social 
and environmental responsibility assurance program.  Through risk assessments and audits conducted under this program, we 
seek to monitor factories’ adherence to the Responsible Business Alliance (“RBA”) Code of Conduct.  Audits are conducted by 
third-party auditors that have been trained and certified by the RBA.  The audits cover topics across five areas: labor, including 
risks of forced labor and weekly working hours; employee health and safety; environment; ethics; and management systems.  
Through our audit program, we aim to identify and solve concerns in our supply chain, and seek continual improvements to 
address issues and enable suppliers to build their own in-house capabilities.  We supplement our audits with targeted 
assessments of suppliers when we identify opportunities to drive further improvements.
Information about our supply chain sustainability progress is available through annual reporting on our website.
Human Rights 
At Dell Technologies, upholding and advancing respect for the fundamental human rights of all people is core to our business 
strategy, purpose, and commitment to drive human progress and create a positive and lasting social impact.  We believe 
everyone deserves to be treated equally with dignity and respect, and we are committed to responsible, ethical, inclusive, and 
sustainable business practices.  We strive to align our approach and actions to fulfill this commitment with the United Nations 
Guiding Principles on Business and Human Rights, and the Principles of the United Nations Global Compact, to which Dell is a 
signatory.  We endeavor to ensure that we are not complicit in human rights violations, and we seek to hold our suppliers and 
other business partners to this same standard.  We believe in winning with integrity, and we use training and technology to 
assist our team members in applying the principles of integrity and compliance as part of everyday business transactions, 
activities, and decisions.  
Table of Contents
14

Corporate Information 
We are a holding company that conducts our operations through subsidiaries.
The mailing address of our principal executive offices is One Dell Way, Round Rock, Texas 78682.  Our telephone number is 
1-800-289-3355.
Our website address is www.delltechnologies.com.  We make available free of charge through our website our annual report on 
Form 10-K, quarterly reports on Form 10-Q, and current reports on Form 8-K, and all amendments to those reports, as soon as 
reasonably practicable after we electronically file such material with, or furnish it to, the SEC.  The information on, or 
accessible through, our website referred to above or any other website we refer to in this report is not part of, and is not 
incorporated by reference into, this report.
Information about our Executive Officers
The following table sets forth, as of March 18, 2024, information about our executive officers, who are appointed by our Board 
of Directors.
Name
Age
Position
Michael S. Dell
59
Chief Executive Officer and Chairman
Jeffrey W. Clarke
61
Vice Chairman and Chief Operating Officer 
Allison Dew
54
Chief Marketing Officer
Yvonne McGill
57
Chief Financial Officer
Richard J. Rothberg
60
General Counsel
Jennifer D. Saavedra, Ph.D.
54
Chief Human Resources Officer
William F. Scannell
61
President, Global Sales and Customer Operations
Michael S. Dell — Mr. Dell serves as Chairman of the Board and Chief Executive Officer of Dell Technologies.  Mr. Dell 
served as Chief Executive Officer of Dell Inc., a wholly-owned subsidiary of Dell Technologies, from 1984 until July 2004 and 
resumed that role in January 2007.  In 1998, Mr. Dell formed MSD Capital, L.P., now DFO Management, LLC, a private 
investment firm, for the purpose of managing his and his family’s investments.  In 1999, he and his wife established the 
Michael & Susan Dell Foundation to provide philanthropic support to a variety of global causes.  Mr. Dell is an honorary 
member of the Foundation Board of the World Economic Forum and is an executive committee member of the International 
Business Council.  He serves as a member of the Technology CEO Council and is a member of the Business Roundtable.  He 
also serves on the advisory board of Tsinghua University’s School of Economics and Management in Beijing, China, on the 
governing board of the Indian School of Business in Hyderabad, India, and as a board member of Catalyst, Inc., a non-profit 
organization that promotes inclusive workplaces for women.  In June 2014, Mr. Dell was named the United Nations 
Foundation’s first Global Advocate for Entrepreneurship.  Mr. Dell is Non-Executive Chairman of SecureWorks Corp., a public 
majority-owned subsidiary of Dell Technologies and a global provider of intelligence-driven information security solutions.   
Mr. Dell was Chairman of the Board of Directors of VMware, Inc., a cloud infrastructure and digital workspace technology 
company that was formerly a public majority-owned subsidiary of Dell Technologies, from September 2016 until it was 
acquired by Broadcom Inc. in November 2023 and was a board member of Pivotal Software, Inc., formerly a public majority-
owned subsidiary of Dell Technologies that provides a leading cloud-native platform, from September 2016 until it was 
acquired by VMware, Inc. in December 2019.
Table of Contents
15

Jeffrey W. Clarke — Mr. Clarke serves as Vice Chairman and Chief Operating Officer of Dell Technologies, responsible for 
running day-to-day business operations, shaping the Company’s strategic agenda, and setting priorities across the Dell 
Technologies executive leadership team.  Mr. Clarke directs the Infrastructure Solutions Group and the Client Solutions Group 
and manages Global Operations, including manufacturing, procurement, and supply chain.  He is also responsible for setting the 
long-term strategy and leads planning for emerging technology areas such as Cloud, Edge, Telecom, and as-a-Service.  Mr. 
Clarke served as Chief Operating Officer from December 2019 to August 2021 before resuming that role in August 2023 and as 
Co-Chief Operating Officer from August 2021 until August 2023, and has served as Vice Chairman since September 2017, 
before which he served as Vice Chairman and President, Operations and Client Solutions with Dell Technologies and, 
previously, Dell, since January 2009.  From January 2003 until January 2009, Mr. Clarke served as Senior Vice President, 
Business Product Group.  From November 2001 to January 2003, Mr. Clarke served as Vice President and General Manager, 
Relationship Product Group.  In 1995, Mr. Clarke became the director of desktop development.  Mr. Clarke joined Dell in 1987 
as a quality engineer and has served in a variety of other engineering and management roles.  Before joining Dell Technologies, 
Mr. Clarke served as a reliability and product engineer at Motorola, Inc, a global technology company.
Allison Dew — Ms. Dew serves as the Chief Marketing Officer of Dell Technologies.  In this role, in which she has served 
since March 2018, Ms. Dew is directly responsible for the global marketing organization, strategy, and all aspects of Dell 
Technologies’ marketing efforts, including brand and creative, product marketing, communications, digital, and field and 
channel marketing.  Since joining Dell in 2008, Ms. Dew has been instrumental in Dell Technologies’ marketing 
transformation, leading an emphasis on data-driven marketing, customer understanding, and integrated planning.  Most 
recently, prior to her current position, Ms. Dew led marketing for the Dell Technologies Client Solutions Group from December 
2013 to March 2018.  Before joining Dell, Ms. Dew served in various marketing leadership roles at Microsoft Corporation, a 
global technology company.  Ms. Dew also worked in both a regional advertising firm in Tokyo, Japan and an independent 
multicultural agency in New York.
On February 6, 2024, Ms. Dew notified the Company of her decision to retire from her position as Chief Marketing Officer 
effective as of March 29, 2024.  
On February 29, 2024, the Board of Directors appointed Geraldine Tunnell, who currently serves as the Company’s Senior Vice 
President of Global Field & Partner Marketing, as the Company’s Chief Marketing Officer, to succeed Ms. Dew in that position 
effective as of March 30, 2024.
Yvonne McGill —  Ms. McGill serves as Chief Financial Officer of Dell Technologies.  In this role, in which she has served 
since August 2023, she is responsible for all aspects of the Company’s finance function, including accounting, financial 
planning and analysis, tax, treasury, and investor relations, as well as corporate development, global business operations and 
Dell Financial Services.  She also partners closely with the office of the CEO to develop and execute a long-term strategy that 
creates value for Dell Technologies stakeholders.  From August 2015 to August 2023, Ms. McGill served in a variety of finance 
leadership roles for Dell, including Corporate Controller, where she had responsibility for accounting, tax, treasury, and 
investor relations, Chief Financial Officer and Senior Vice President, Infrastructure Solutions Group, and Senior Vice 
President, Global Financial Planning and Analysis.  Since joining Dell in 1997, Ms. McGill has served in various other finance 
leadership roles, including Chief Financial Officer for the Company’s Asia-Pacific, Japan and China region and Chief 
Accounting Officer.  Before beginning her service with Dell, Ms. McGill worked at ManTech International Corporation, a 
company providing technology solutions and services to U.S. intelligence, defense and federal civilian agencies, and Price 
Waterhouse LLP (now PricewaterhouseCoopers LLP), a firm specializing in accounting, assurance, tax, and consulting 
services.  Ms. McGill serves on the board of directors of Applied Materials, Inc., an international materials engineering 
company.
Richard J. Rothberg — Mr. Rothberg serves as General Counsel and Secretary for Dell Technologies.  In this role, in which he 
has served since November 2013, Mr. Rothberg oversees the global legal department and manages government affairs, 
compliance, and ethics.  He is also responsible for global security.  Mr. Rothberg joined Dell in 1999 and has served in critical 
leadership roles throughout the legal department.  He served as Vice President of Legal, supporting Dell’s businesses in the 
Europe, Middle East, and Africa region before moving to Singapore in 2008 as Vice President of Legal for the Asia-Pacific and 
Japan region.  Mr. Rothberg returned to the United States in 2010 to serve as Vice President of Legal for the North America and 
Latin America regions.  In this role, he was lead counsel for sales and operations in the Americas and for the enterprise 
solutions, software, and end-user computing business units.  He also led the government affairs organization worldwide.  
Before joining Dell, Mr. Rothberg served nearly eight years at Caterpillar Inc., an equipment manufacturing company, in senior 
legal roles in Nashville, Tennessee and Geneva, Switzerland.  Mr. Rothberg was also an attorney for IBM Credit Corporation 
and at Rogers & Wells, a law firm.
Table of Contents
16

Jennifer D. Saavedra, Ph.D. — Dr. Saavedra is Dell Technologies' Chief Human Resources Officer.  In this role, Dr. Saavedra 
leads Dell’s Global Human Resources and Facilities function and accelerates the performance and growth of the company 
through its culture and its people.  Dr. Saavedra previously served as Dell Technologies’ Senior Vice President, Human 
Resources – Sales from December 2019 to March 2021 and as its Senior Vice President, Human Resources – Talent and 
Culture from November 2017 to December 2019.  Dr. Saavedra joined Dell in 2005 and has served in many key leadership 
roles throughout the Human Resources organization, including talent development and culture, business partner, strategy, and 
learning and development.  Before joining Dell in 2005, Dr. Saavedra served as a Human Resources consultant to private and 
public companies.
William F. Scannell — Mr. Scannell serves as President, Global Sales and Customer Operations for Dell Technologies, heading 
the global go-to-market organization, including Channel, OEM, Global Alliances, and Specialty Sales.  In this role, in which he 
has served since February 2020, Mr. Scannell is responsible for go-to-market strategy and driving global growth by delivering 
Dell Technologies’ solutions to organizations in established and new markets globally.  Mr. Scannell previously served as 
President, Global Enterprise Sales and Customer Operations for Dell Technologies from September 2017 to January 2020, 
leading the sales teams to deliver innovative and practical technology solutions to large enterprises and public institutions 
worldwide.  Prior to joining Dell Technologies, Mr. Scannell served as President, Global Sales and Customer Operations at 
EMC until EMC was acquired by Dell Technologies in September 2016.  In this role, to which he was appointed in July 2012 
after overseeing customer operations in the Americas and EMEA, Mr. Scannell focused on driving coordination and teamwork 
among EMC’s business unit sales forces, as well as building and maintaining relationships with EMC’s largest global accounts, 
global alliance partners, and global channel partners.  Mr. Scannell began his career as an EMC sales representative in 1986, 
becoming country manager of Canada in 1988.  Shortly thereafter, his responsibilities expanded to include the United States 
and Latin America.  In 1999, Mr. Scannell moved to London to oversee EMC’s business across all of Europe, Middle East, and 
Africa.  He then managed worldwide sales in 2001 and 2002 before being appointed Executive Vice President in 2007.  Mr. 
Scannell serves on the board of directors of IonQ, Inc., a quantum computing company. 
Table of Contents
17

ITEM 1A — RISK FACTORS  
Our business, operating results, financial condition, and prospects are subject to a variety of significant risks, many of which are 
beyond our control.  The following is a description of some of the important risk factors that may cause our actual results in 
future periods to differ substantially from those we currently expect or seek.  The risks described below are not the only risks 
we face.  There are additional risks and uncertainties not currently known to us or that we currently deem to be immaterial that 
also may materially adversely affect our business, operating results, financial condition, or prospects.
Risks Relating to Our Business and Our Industry 
Adverse global economic conditions may harm our business and result in reduced net revenue and profitability. 
As a global company with customers operating in a broad range of businesses and industries, our performance is affected by 
global economic conditions and the demand for technology products and services in international markets.  Adverse economic 
conditions may negatively affect customer demand, and could result in postponed or decreased spending amid customer 
concerns over unemployment or slowing demand for their products, reduced asset values, volatile energy costs, the availability 
and cost of credit, and the stability and solvency of financial institutions, financial markets, businesses, local and state 
governments, and sovereign nations.  In Fiscal 2024, global economic uncertainty adversely affected the demand for our 
products and services as some of our larger customers exhibited increased caution in their IT spending.  Factors contributing to 
weak or unstable global economic conditions, including those attributable to geopolitical volatility (such as ongoing military 
conflicts in Ukraine and the Middle East and tensions across the Taiwan Strait), international trade protection measures and 
disputes, such as those between the United States and China, or  public health issues such as the coronavirus pandemic also 
could harm our business by contributing to product shortages or delays, supply chain disruptions, insolvency of key suppliers, 
customer and counterparty insolvencies, increased product costs and associated price increases, reduced global sales, and other 
adverse effects on our operations.  Any such effects could have a negative impact on our net revenue and profitability.
Competitive pressures may adversely affect our industry unit share position, revenue, and profitability. 
We operate in an industry in which there are rapid technological advances in hardware, software, and services offerings.  As a 
result, we face aggressive offering and price competition from both branded and generic competitors.  We compete based on 
our ability to offer to our customers integrated solutions that provide desired features at a competitive price.  Our competitors 
may provide offerings that are less costly, perform better, or include additional features.  Further, our offering portfolios may 
quickly become outdated or our market share may quickly erode.  Efforts to balance the mix of products and services to 
optimize profitability, liquidity, and growth may put pressure on our industry position. 
As the technology industry continues to expand, there may be new and increased competition in different geographic regions.  
The generally low barriers to entry into the technology industry increase the potential for challenges from new competitors.  
Competition also may intensify from an increase in alternatives for mobile and cloud computing solutions.  In addition, 
companies with which we have strategic alliances may become competitors in other product areas, or current competitors may 
enter into new strategic relationships with new or existing competitors, all of which may further increase competitive pressures.
Our reliance on vendors for products and components, many of which are single-source or limited-source suppliers, 
could harm our business by adversely affecting product availability, delivery, reliability, and cost. 
We maintain several single-source or limited-source supplier relationships, including relationships with third-party software 
providers, either because multiple sources are not readily available or because the relationships are advantageous due to 
performance, quality, support, delivery, capacity, or price considerations.  A delay in the supply of a critical single- or limited-
source product or component may prevent the timely shipment of the related product in desired quantities or configurations.  In 
addition, we may not be able to replace the functionality provided by third-party software currently offered with our products if 
that software becomes obsolete, defective, or incompatible with future product versions or is not adequately maintained or 
updated.  Even where multiple sources of supply are available, qualification of the alternative suppliers and establishment of 
reliable supplies could result in delays and a possible loss of sales, which could harm our operating results. 
Table of Contents
18

We obtain many products and all of our components from third-party vendors, many of which are located outside of the United 
States.  In addition, significant portions of our products are assembled by contract manufacturers, primarily in various locations 
in Asia.  A significant concentration of such outsourced manufacturing is performed by only a few contract manufacturers, 
often in single locations.  We sell components to these contract manufacturers and generate large non-trade accounts 
receivables, an arrangement that would present a risk of uncollectibility if the financial condition of a contract manufacturer 
should deteriorate. 
Although these relationships generate cost efficiencies, they limit our direct control over production.  The increasing reliance on 
vendors subjects us to a greater risk of shortages and reduced control over delivery schedules of components and products, as 
well as a greater risk of increases in product and component costs.  We experienced some of these adverse effects in recent 
periods, primarily as a result of impacts of the coronavirus pandemic.
We may experience additional supply shortages and price increases caused by changes to raw material availability, 
manufacturing capacity, labor shortages, public health issues, tariffs, trade disputes and protectionist measures, natural 
catastrophes or the effects of climate change (such as extreme weather conditions, sea level rise, drought, flooding, and 
wildfires), and significant changes in the financial condition of our suppliers.  Because we maintain minimal levels of 
component and product inventories, a disruption in component or product availability could harm our ability to fill customer 
orders on a timely basis and at an acceptable price.  The impact of supply constraints on our operations may be more acute 
during periods of rapid growth in demand for new products and services, such as the current demand for AI-optimized 
solutions.  We are also subject to risks associated with our receipt from vendors of defective parts and products, which could  
require the replacement of such parts and products and expose us to reputational harm.
If we fail to achieve favorable pricing from vendors, our profitability could be adversely affected. 
Our profitability is affected by our ability to achieve favorable pricing from vendors and contract manufacturers, including 
through negotiations for vendor rebates, marketing funds, and other vendor funding received in the normal course of business.  
Because these supplier negotiations are continual and reflect the evolving competitive environment, the variability in timing and 
amount of incremental vendor discounts and rebates can affect our profitability.  The vendor programs may change 
periodically, potentially resulting in adverse profitability trends if we cannot adjust pricing or variable costs.  An inability to 
establish a cost and product advantage, or determine alternative means to deliver value to customers, may adversely affect our 
revenue and profitability. 
The results of operations of our business units may be adversely affected if we fail to successfully execute our strategy. 
Our strategy involves enabling the digital transformation of our customers while leading in the core infrastructure markets in 
which we compete.  Accordingly, we must continue to expand our customer base through direct sales, new distribution 
channels, continued development of new growth businesses, further development of relationships with resellers, and 
augmentation of selected business areas through targeted acquisitions and other commercial arrangements.  
As we reach more customers through new distribution channels and expanded reseller relationships, we may fail to effectively 
manage the increasingly difficult tasks of inventory management and demand forecasting.  Our ability to implement this 
strategy depends on efficiently transitioning sales capabilities, successfully adding to the breadth of our solutions capabilities 
through internal development and selective acquisitions of other businesses, and effectively managing the consequences of 
these strategic initiatives.  If we are unable to meet these challenges, our results of operations could be adversely affected. 
We are organized into two business units consisting of ISG and CSG that are each important components of our strategy.  ISG 
offers a portfolio of storage, server, and networking solutions, including AI-optimized technologies, and faces intense 
competition from existing on-premises competitors and increasing competitive pressures from Infrastructure-as-a-Service 
providers.  Accordingly, we expect we will be required to make additional investments to address such competitive pressures 
and drive future growth.  Such pressures could result in the erosion of revenue and operating income and adversely affect ISG’s 
results of operations.  To address industry trends, we have developed and continue to develop traditional, converged, and hyper-
converged infrastructure solutions as well as AI-optimized products and solutions.  ISG’s results of operations could be 
adversely affected if such products and solutions are not adopted by our customers or potential customers, or if customers move 
rapidly to adopt public cloud solutions.
Table of Contents
19

CSG largely relies on sales of desktops, workstations, and notebooks.  Revenue from CSG absorbs our overhead costs and 
provides for scaled procurement.  CSG faces risk and uncertainties from fundamental changes in the personal computer market, 
including a decline in worldwide revenues for desktops, workstations, and notebooks, and lower shipment forecasts for these 
products due to a general lengthening of the replacement cycle.  Reduced demand for PC products or a significant increase in 
competition could cause our operating income to fluctuate and adversely impact CSG’s results of operations. 
Social and ethical issues relating to the use of new and evolving technologies, such as AI, in our offerings may result in 
reputational harm and liability.
We view our continued investment in AI and generative AI (“GAI”) research and development as an opportunity to enhance 
our solutions, strengthen our competitive advantage, and contribute to the responsible advancement of AI and GAI technology.  
While we aim to do so in a responsible, legal, and ethical manner, social, ethical, regulatory, and legal issues relating to the use 
of AI and GAI in our offerings may result in reputational harm or liability, and may cause us to incur additional research, 
development, and compliance costs.  As with many innovations, AI and GAI present risks that could affect their adoption and 
contribution to our business.  If we enable or offer solutions that draw controversy due to their perceived or actual impact on 
society, we may experience brand or reputational harm, competitive harm, or legal liability.  Potential government regulation 
related to AI and GAI use and ethics also may increase the burden and cost of research and development and delay 
implementation of these technologies.
Our inability to manage solutions and product and services transitions in an effective manner could reduce the demand 
for our solutions, products, and services, and negatively affect the profitability of our operations. 
Continuing improvements in technology result in the frequent introduction of new solutions, products, and services, 
improvements in product performance characteristics, and short product life cycles.  If we fail to effectively manage transitions 
to new solutions and offerings, the products and services associated with such offerings and customer demand for our solutions, 
products, and services could diminish, and our profitability could suffer. 
We increasingly source new products and transition existing products through our contract manufacturers and manufacturing 
outsourcing relationships to generate cost efficiencies and better serve our customers.  The success of product transitions 
depends on a number of factors, including the availability of sufficient quantities of components at an acceptable cost.  Product 
transitions also present execution uncertainties and risks, including the risk that new or upgraded products may have quality 
problems or other defects. 
Failure to deliver high-quality products, software, and services could lead to loss of customers and diminished 
profitability. 
We must identify and address quality issues associated with our products, software, and services, many of which include third-
party components.  Although quality testing is performed regularly to detect quality problems and implement required 
solutions, failure to identify and correct significant product quality issues before the sale of such products to customers could 
result in lower sales, increased warranty or replacement expenses, and reduced customer confidence, which could harm our 
operating results. 
Cyber-attacks and other security incidents that disrupt our operations or result in a network intrusion, breach or loss, 
or other compromise of proprietary or confidential information about us or our workforce, customers, partners, or 
third parties could negatively affect our business, harm our reputation, cause us to lose clients and expose us to costly 
regulatory enforcement and litigation.
We routinely receive, collect, manage, store, transmit, and otherwise process large amounts of proprietary information and 
confidential data, including personally identifiable and other sensitive information, relating to our operations, products, 
partners, and customers.  We face numerous sophisticated and evolving cyber threats of significant scale, volume, severity, and 
complexity, including threats specifically designed for or directly targeted at us, making it increasingly difficult to defend 
against security incidents successfully or to implement adequate preventative measures.
Table of Contents
20

Despite our cybersecurity governance and investment in controls and security measures, criminal or other unauthorized threat 
actors, including nation states and state-sponsored organizations, pose a significant risk of penetrating or bypassing our security 
defenses, breaching our information technology systems, and misappropriating, breaching, or compromising confidential and 
proprietary information of our company, our partners, or our customers, causing system disruptions and shutdowns, or 
introducing ransomware, malware, or vulnerabilities into our products, systems, and networks or those of our customers and 
partners.  We also face a risk that employees, contractors, or other insiders, particularly those with connectivity to our systems, 
may introduce vulnerabilities into our environments, facilitate a cybersecurity attack, or take actions to misappropriate our 
intellectual property and proprietary information.  Continued work-from-home and flexible work arrangements further increase 
our risk, as employees and contractors of our company and third-party providers are working remotely and using home 
networks that may pose an increased risk to our networks, data, and cybersecurity.  In addition, our business may be adversely 
affected by cyber-attacks and data thefts resulting from ongoing wars and geopolitical conflicts. 
In the past, we have been targeted by criminal and other threat actors that attempted cyber-attacks of our systems and networks.  
These attacks are common in our industry for companies of our size and can include such malicious techniques as ransomware, 
network intrusions, exploitation of zero-day vulnerabilities, distributed denial of service, man-in-the-middle, phishing, vishing, 
domain name system spoofing, password spraying and other credential attacks, structural query language injection, and 
malware.  The costs associated with cybersecurity tools and infrastructure and competition for scarce cybersecurity and IT 
resources have at times limited, and may in the future limit, our ability to efficiently identify, eliminate, or remediate 
cybersecurity or other security vulnerabilities or problems or enact changes to minimize the attack surface of our network.  
While our security systems and controls have successfully protected us against, and mitigated the impacts of, many attacks of 
this nature, we have experienced security incidents that negatively affected our business and expect that we will experience 
similar incidents in the future. 
 
The costs to address cybersecurity risks, both before and after a security incident, could be significant, regardless of whether 
incidents result from an attack on us directly, on customers we service, or on partners or third-party vendors upon which we 
rely.  Our customers, partners, and third-party vendors continue to experience security incidents of varying severity, including, 
among others, ransomware attacks, network intrusions, and exploitations of product and software security vulnerabilities.  
These parties also possess or transmit our proprietary information and confidential data, including personal data, personally 
identifiable information, and other sensitive information, which may be exfiltrated if they are impacted by a security incident.  
Targeted cyber-attacks or those that result from a security incident directed at a partner or third-party vendor create a risk of 
compromise to our internal systems, products, services, and offerings, as well as the systems of our customers, which could 
result in interruptions, delays, or cessation of service that could disrupt business operations for us and our customers.  Our 
proactive measures and remediation efforts are not always successful or timely.  In addition, breaches of our security measures, 
including through the use and the unapproved dissemination of proprietary information or sensitive or confidential data about 
us, our customers, partners or other third parties, could impair our intellectual property rights and expose us, our customers, 
partners, or such other third parties to a risk of loss or misuse of such information or data.  Any such incidents could subject us 
to government investigations and regulatory enforcement actions, litigation, potential liability, and damage to our brand and 
reputation, or otherwise harm our business and operations.
Hardware, software, and applications that we produce or procure from third parties also may contain defects in design or 
manufacture or other deficiencies, including security vulnerabilities that could interfere with the operation or security of our 
products, services, and offerings.  In the event of a security vulnerability or other flaws in third-party components or software 
code, we may have to rely on multiple third parties to mitigate vulnerabilities.  The mitigation techniques they deploy may be 
ineffective or result in adverse performance, system instability, or data loss, and may not always be available, or available on a 
timely basis.  Any actual or perceived security vulnerabilities in our products or services, or those of third-party products we 
sell, could lead to loss of existing or potential customers, and may impede our sales, manufacturing, distribution, outsourcing 
services, information technology solutions, and other critical functions and offerings.  Failure to comply with internal security 
policies and standards, including secure development lifecycle practices, or to prevent or promptly mitigate security 
vulnerabilities in our products and offerings may adversely affect our brand and reputation and subject us to government 
investigations, regulatory enforcement actions, litigation, and potential liability resulting from our inability to fulfill our 
contractual obligations to our customers and partners.
Table of Contents
21

As a global enterprise, we are subject to compliance risks under a significant and increasing number of laws and regulations in 
the United States, the European Union, China, and numerous other countries relating to cybersecurity, product and software 
supply chain security, and the collection, use, residency, transfer, and protection of data, including customer data, and other 
personal, sensitive, confidential, and proprietary information.  Such information security, data protection, and privacy laws and 
regulations continue to evolve and may be interpreted and applied differently in different jurisdictions, making it difficult to 
determine how they may develop and apply to us.  
Our execution of transactions and processing and use of customer data, including personal data and personal identifiable 
information and other data in the conduct of our business, the operation of our products and offerings, and the provision of 
services to our customers subject us to increased obligations to comply with applicable laws and regulations and may require us 
to notify regulators, customers, employees, or other third parties of our data processing and data transfer activities, 
cybersecurity and data protection practices, as well as to provide notification and disclosure of security incidents and data or 
privacy breaches.  We also face the increasing cost of disparate global regulatory compliance obligations and potential 
enforcement activities and litigation action in the event we experience a significant disruption of our operations or breach, loss, 
or other compromise of proprietary or confidential information as a result of a cyber-attack or insider activity.  While we 
continue to incur significant expenditures to comply with mandatory privacy, security, data protection and localization 
requirements imposed by law, regulation, industry standards and contractual obligation, we may fail to comply fully with these 
requirements.  Any such non-compliance could adversely affect our ability to conduct business or sell our products or offerings 
in a specific jurisdiction or result in fines or penalties that could impact our financial results. 
Failure to successfully execute on strategic initiatives including acquisitions, divestitures, or cost saving measures may 
negatively affect our future results.
We make strategic acquisitions of other companies as part of our growth strategy.  We could experience unforeseen operating 
difficulties in integrating the businesses, technologies, services, products, personnel, or operations of acquired companies, 
especially if we are unable to retain the key personnel of an acquired company.  Further, future acquisitions may result in a 
delay or reduction of sales for both us and the acquired company because of customer uncertainty about the continuity and 
effectiveness of solutions offered by either company and may disrupt our existing business by diverting resources and 
significant management attention that otherwise would be focused on development of the existing business.  Acquisitions also 
may negatively affect our relationships with strategic partners if the acquisitions are seen as bringing us into competition with 
such partners.
To complete an acquisition, we may be required to use substantial amounts of cash, engage in equity or debt financings, or enter 
into credit agreements to secure additional funds.  Such debt financings could involve restrictive covenants that might limit our 
capital-raising activities and operating flexibility.  Further, an acquisition may negatively affect our results of operations 
because it may expose us to unexpected liabilities, require the incurrence of charges and substantial indebtedness or other 
liabilities, have adverse tax consequences, result in acquired in-process research and development expenses, or in the future 
require the amortization, write-down, or impairment of amounts related to deferred compensation, goodwill, and other 
intangible assets, or fail to generate a financial return sufficient to offset acquisition costs.
In addition, we periodically divest businesses, including businesses that are no longer a part of our strategic plan.  These 
divestitures similarly require significant investment of time and resources, may disrupt our business and distract management 
from other responsibilities, and may result in losses on disposition or continued financial involvement in the divested business, 
including through indemnification or other financial arrangements, for a period following the transaction, which could 
adversely affect our financial results.
We continue to focus on minimizing operating expenses through cost improvements and simplification of our corporate 
structure.  Cost saving measures, reorganizations, and divestitures have resulted in workforce reductions and consolidation of 
facilities.  As a result of these actions, we may experience a loss of continuity, loss of accumulated knowledge, diminished 
employee productivity, disruptions to our operations, and inefficiency during transitional periods.  These actions could also 
impact employee retention.  We may experience delays or unanticipated costs in implementing our cost efficiency plans, which 
could prevent the timely or full achievement of expected cost efficiencies and adversely affect our competitive position.
Table of Contents
22

Our ability to generate substantial non-U.S. net revenue is subject to additional risks and uncertainties. 
Sales outside the United States accounted for approximately half of our consolidated net revenue for Fiscal 2024.  Our future 
growth rates and success are substantially dependent on the continued growth of our business outside of the United States.  Our 
international operations face many risks and uncertainties, including varied local economic and labor conditions; political 
instability; public health issues; changes in the U.S. and international regulatory environments; the impacts of trade protection 
measures, including increases in tariffs and trade barriers due to the current geopolitical climate and changes and instability in 
government policies and international trade arrangements, which could adversely affect our ability to conduct business in non-
U.S. markets; changes in tax laws; potential theft or other compromise, and limited or unfavorable protection, of our 
technology, data, or intellectual property; copyright levies; and volatility in foreign currency exchange rates.  We could incur 
additional operating costs, or sustain supply chain disruptions, due to any such changes.  Any of these factors could negatively 
affect our international business results and growth prospects.  
Our profitability may be adversely affected by changes in the mix of products and services, customers, or geographic 
sales, and by seasonal sales trends. 
Our overall profitability for any period may be adversely affected by changes in the mix of products and services, customers, or 
geographic markets reflected in sales for that period, and by seasonal trends.  Profit margins vary among products, services, 
customers, and geographic markets.  For example, our services offerings generally have a higher profit margin than consumer 
products.  In addition, parts of our business are subject to seasonal sales trends.  Within ISG, our storage sales are typically 
stronger in our fourth fiscal quarter.  Our sales within the Americas are typically stronger in the second and fourth fiscal 
quarters, while our sales in EMEA are typically stronger during the fourth fiscal quarter.  Seasonality in our business may 
change over time. 
We may lose revenue opportunities and experience gross margin pressure if sales channel participants fail to perform as 
expected. 
We rely on value-added resellers, system integrators, distributors, and retailers as sales channels to complement our direct sales 
organization in order to reach more end-users.  Our future operating results depend on the performance of sales channel 
participants and on our success in maintaining and developing these relationships.  Our revenue and gross margins could be 
negatively affected if the financial condition or operations of channel participants weaken as a result of adverse economic 
conditions or other business challenges, or if uncertainty regarding the demand for our products causes channel participants to 
reduce their orders for these products.  Further, some channel participants may consider the expansion of our direct sales 
initiatives to conflict with their business interests as distributors or resellers of our products, which could lead them to reduce 
their investment in the distribution and sale of such products, or to cease all sales of our products.  
Our financial performance could suffer from reduced access to the capital markets by us or some of our customers. 
We may access debt and capital sources to provide financing for customers and to obtain funds for general corporate purposes, 
including working capital, acquisitions, capital expenditures, and funding of customer receivables.  In addition, we maintain 
customer financing relationships with some companies that rely on access to the debt and capital markets to meet significant 
funding needs.  Any inability of these companies to access such markets could compel us to self-fund transactions with such 
companies or to forgo customer financing opportunities, which could harm our financial performance.  The debt and capital 
markets may experience extreme volatility and disruption from time to time, which could result in higher credit spreads in such 
markets and higher funding costs for us.  Deterioration in our business performance, a credit rating downgrade, volatility in the 
securitization markets, changes in financial services regulation, or adverse changes in the economy could lead to reductions in 
the availability of debt financing.  In addition, these events could limit our ability to continue asset securitizations or other 
forms of financing from debt or capital sources, reduce the amount of financing receivables that we originate, or negatively 
affect the costs or terms on which we may be able to obtain capital.  Any of these developments could adversely affect our net 
revenue, profitability, and cash flows.
Table of Contents
23

If the value of our goodwill or intangible assets is materially impaired, our results of operations and financial condition 
could be materially and adversely affected.
As of February 2, 2024, our goodwill and intangible assets, net had a combined carrying value of $25.4 billion, representing 
approximately 31% of our total consolidated assets.  We periodically evaluate goodwill and intangible assets, net to determine 
whether all or a portion of their carrying values may be impaired, in which case an impairment charge may be necessary.  The 
value of goodwill may be materially and adversely affected if businesses that we acquire perform in a manner that is 
inconsistent with our assumptions at the time of acquisition.  In addition, from time to time we divest businesses, and any such 
divestiture could result in significant asset impairment and disposition charges, including those related to goodwill and 
intangible assets, net.  Any future evaluations resulting in an impairment of goodwill or intangible assets, net could materially 
and adversely affect our results of operations and financial condition in the period in which the impairment is recognized. 
Weak economic conditions and additional regulation could harm our financial services activities. 
Our financial services activities primarily through DFS can be negatively affected by adverse economic conditions that 
contribute to loan delinquencies and defaults.  An increase in loan delinquencies and defaults would result in greater net credit 
losses, which may require us to increase our reserves for customer receivables. 
In addition, the implementation of new financial services regulation, or the application of existing financial services regulation, 
in countries where we conduct our financial services and related supporting activities, could unfavorably affect the profitability 
and cash flows of our consumer financing activities. 
We are subject to counterparty default risks. 
We have numerous arrangements with financial institutions that include cash and investment deposits, interest rate swap 
contracts, foreign currency option contracts, and forward contracts.  As a result, we are subject to the risk that the counterparty 
to one or more of these arrangements will default, either voluntarily or involuntarily, on its performance under the terms of the 
arrangement.  In times of market distress, a counterparty may default rapidly and without notice, and we may be unable to take 
action to cover its exposure, either because of lack of contractual ability to do so or because market conditions make it difficult 
to take effective action.  If one of our counterparties becomes insolvent or files for bankruptcy, our ability eventually to recover 
any losses suffered as a result of that counterparty’s default may be limited by the impaired liquidity of the counterparty or the 
applicable legal regime governing the bankruptcy proceeding.  In the event of such a default, we could incur significant losses, 
which could harm our business and adversely affect our results of operations and financial condition. 
Our performance and business could suffer if our contracts for ISG services and solutions fail to produce revenue at 
expected levels due to exercise of customer rights under the contracts, inaccurate estimation of costs, or customer 
defaults in payment.
We offer our ISG customers a range of consumption models for our services and solutions, including as-a-Service, utility, 
leases, or immediate pay models, designed to match customers’ consumption preferences.  These solutions generally are 
multiyear agreements that typically result in recurring revenue streams over the term of the arrangement.  Our financial results 
and growth depend, in part, on customers continuing to purchase our services and solutions over the contract life on the agreed 
terms.  The contracts allow customers to take actions that may adversely affect our recurring revenue and profitability.  These 
actions include terminating a contract if our performance does not meet specified services levels, requesting rate reductions, 
reducing the use of our services and solutions or terminating a contract early upon payment of agreed fees.  In addition, we 
estimate the costs of delivering the services and solutions at the outset of the contract.  If we fail to estimate such costs 
accurately and actual costs significantly exceed estimates, we may incur losses on the contracts.  We also are subject to the risk 
of loss under the contracts as a result of a default, voluntarily or involuntarily, in payment by the customer, whether because of 
financial weakness or other reasons.
Table of Contents
24

Loss of government contracts could harm our business. 
Contracts with U.S. federal, state, and local governments and with foreign governments are subject to future funding that may 
affect the extension or termination of programs and to the right of such governments to terminate contracts for convenience or 
non-appropriation.  There is pressure on governments, both domestically and internationally, to reduce spending.  Funding 
reductions or delays could adversely affect public sector demand for our products and services.  In addition, if we violate legal 
or regulatory requirements, the applicable government could suspend or disbar us as a contractor, which would unfavorably 
affect our net revenue and profitability. 
Our business could suffer if we do not develop and protect our proprietary intellectual property or obtain or protect 
licenses to intellectual property developed by others on commercially reasonable and competitive terms. 
If we or our suppliers are unable to develop or protect desirable technology or technology licenses, we may be prevented from 
marketing products, may have to market products without desirable features, or may incur substantial costs to redesign 
products.  We also may have to defend or enforce legal actions or pay damages in jurisdictions throughout the world if we are 
found to have violated patents or other intellectual property rights of other parties.  Although our suppliers might be 
contractually obligated to obtain or protect such licenses and indemnify us against related expenses, those suppliers could be 
unable to meet their obligations.  We invest in research and development and obtain additional intellectual property through 
acquisitions, but those activities do not guarantee that we will develop or obtain intellectual property necessary for profitable 
operations.  Costs involved in developing and protecting rights in intellectual property may have a negative impact on our 
business.  In addition, our operating costs could increase because of copyright levies or similar fees by rights holders and 
collection agencies in European and other countries. 
Infrastructure disruptions could harm our business. 
We depend on our information technology and manufacturing infrastructure to achieve our business objectives.  Natural 
disasters, manufacturing failures, telecommunications system failures, or defective or improperly installed new or upgraded 
business management systems could lead to disruptions in this infrastructure.  Portions of our IT infrastructure, including those 
provided by third parties, also may experience interruptions, delays, or cessations of service, or produce errors in connection 
with systems integration or migration work.  Such disruptions may adversely affect our ability to receive or process orders, 
manufacture and ship products in a timely manner, or otherwise conduct business in the normal course.  Further, portions of our 
business involve the processing, storage, and transmission of data, which also would be negatively affected by such an event.  
Disruptions in our infrastructure could lead to loss of customers and revenue, particularly during a period of heavy demand for 
our products and services.  We also could incur significant expense in repairing system damage and taking other remedial 
measures. 
Failure to hedge effectively our exposure to fluctuations in foreign currency exchange rates and interest rates could 
adversely affect our financial condition and results of operations. 
We utilize derivative instruments to hedge our exposure to fluctuations in foreign currency exchange rates and interest rates.  
Some of these instruments and contracts may involve elements of market and credit risk in excess of the amounts recognized in 
our financial statements.  Global economic events, including trade disputes, economic sanctions and emerging market volatility, 
and associated uncertainty could cause currencies to fluctuate, which may contribute to variations in our sales of products and 
services in various jurisdictions.  If we are not successful in monitoring our foreign exchange exposures and conducting an 
effective hedging program, our foreign currency hedging activities may not offset the impact of fluctuations in currency 
exchange rates on our results of operations and financial position. 
Table of Contents
25

Adverse legislative or regulatory tax changes, the expiration of tax holidays or favorable tax rate structures, or 
unfavorable outcomes in tax audits and other tax compliance matters could result in an increase in our tax expense or 
our effective income tax rate. 
Changes in tax laws could adversely affect our operations and profitability.  In recent years, numerous legislative, judicial, and 
administrative changes have been made to tax laws applicable to us and similar companies.  The Organisation for Economic 
Co-operation and Development (the “OECD”) is continuing discussions regarding fundamental changes in allocation of profits 
among tax jurisdictions in which companies do business, as well as the implementation of a global minimum tax, referred to as 
the “Pillar One” and “Pillar Two” proposals.  Many countries, including countries in which we have tax holidays, have enacted 
or are in the process of enacting laws based on the Pillar Two proposal.  Our effective tax rate and cash tax payments could 
increase in future years as a result of these changes.  
Portions of our operations are subject to a reduced tax rate or are free of tax under various tax holidays that expire in whole or 
in part from time to time.  Many of these holidays may be extended when certain conditions are met, or may be terminated if 
certain conditions are not met or as a result of changes in tax legislation.  If the tax holidays are not extended, if tax legislation 
changes, or if we fail to satisfy the conditions of the reduced tax rate, our effective tax rate would be affected.  In addition, our 
overall tax benefit from tax incentives could be adversely affected if the global minimum tax provisions discussed above are 
adopted in a country in which we benefit from an existing tax incentive.  Our effective tax rate also could be impacted if our 
geographic distribution of earnings changes.  In addition, any actions by us to repatriate non-U.S. earnings for which we have 
not previously provided for U.S. taxes may affect the effective tax rate.
We are continually under audit in various tax jurisdictions.  We may not be successful in resolving potential tax claims that 
arise from these audits.  A final determination of tax audits or disputes may differ from what is reflected in our historical 
income tax provisions or benefits and accruals.  An unfavorable outcome in certain of these matters could result in a substantial 
increase in our tax expense.  In addition, our provision for income taxes could be adversely affected by changes in the valuation 
of deferred tax assets. 
Our profitability could suffer from declines in fair value or impairment of our portfolio investments. 
We invest a portion of available funds in a portfolio consisting of both equity and debt securities of various types and maturities 
pending the deployment of these funds in our business.  Our equity investments consist of strategic investments in both 
marketable and non-marketable securities.  Investments in marketable securities are measured at fair value on a recurring basis.  
We have elected to apply the measurement alternative for non-marketable securities.  Under the alternative, we measure 
investments without readily determinable fair values at cost, less impairment, adjusted by observable price changes.  Our debt 
securities generally are classified as held to maturity and are recorded in our financial statements at amortized cost.  Our 
earnings performance could suffer from declines in fair value or impairment of our investments.   
Unfavorable results of legal proceedings could harm our business and result in substantial costs. 
We are involved in various claims, suits, investigations, and legal proceedings that arise from time to time in the ordinary 
course of business or otherwise.  Additional legal claims or regulatory matters affecting us and our subsidiaries may arise in the 
future and could involve stockholder, consumer, regulatory, compliance, intellectual property, antitrust, tax, and other issues on 
a global basis.  Litigation is inherently unpredictable.  Regardless of the merits of a claim, litigation may be both time-
consuming and disruptive to our business.  We could incur judgments or enter into settlements of claims that could adversely 
affect our operating results or cash flows in a particular period.  Even if we are not named a party to a particular suit, we may be 
subject to indemnification obligations to the named parties that could subject us to liability for damages or other amounts 
payable as a result of such judgments or settlements.  In addition, our business, operating results, and financial condition could 
be adversely affected if any infringement or other intellectual property claim made against us by any third party is successful, or 
if we fail to develop non-infringing technology or license the proprietary rights on commercially reasonable terms and 
conditions. 
Table of Contents
26

Our failure to achieve our ESG goals and initiatives, comply with ESG legal standards or meet the expectations of our 
stakeholders regarding our ESG activities could harm our reputation, adversely affect our business, and expose us to 
regulatory proceedings and litigation.
Many governments, regulators, investors, employees, customers, and other stakeholders are increasingly focused on 
environmental, social and governance (“ESG”) considerations relating to businesses, including climate change and greenhouse 
gas emissions, human and civil rights, and diversity and inclusion.  We make statements about our ESG goals and initiatives 
through our SEC filings, our annual ESG report, our other non-financial reports, information provided on our website, press 
statements and other communications.  Responding to these ESG considerations and implementation of these goals and 
initiatives involves risks and uncertainties, requires investments, and depends in part on third-party performance or data that is 
outside our control.  We cannot guarantee that we will achieve our announced ESG goals and initiatives.  In addition, some 
stakeholders may disagree with our goals and initiatives.  Any failure, or perceived failure, by us to achieve our goals, further 
our initiatives, adhere to our public statements, comply with federal, state, or international ESG laws and regulations, or meet 
evolving and varied stakeholder expectations could harm our reputation, adversely affect our business, financial condition or 
results of operations, and expose us to liabilities under regulatory proceedings or litigation instituted in the United States or in 
other countries.
We are or soon will be obligated to comply with new climate-related reporting requirements.  Sustainability reporting 
frameworks may require us to provide detailed public disclosures about the greenhouse gas emissions and other climate-related 
effects our activities produce, the climate-related operating and financial risks we face, and the strategies we pursue to reduce 
and adapt to the impacts of climate change.  We expect to incur substantial costs to prepare these disclosures.  If we fail to 
compile, assess, and report the required information in a timely manner and in accordance with mandatory reporting standards, 
we could be exposed to fines and other sanctions.
Global climate change, and legal, regulatory, or market measures to address climate change, may negatively affect our 
business, operations, and financial results.
We are subject to risks associated with the long-term effects of climate change on the global economy and on the IT industry in 
particular.  The physical risks associated with climate change include the adverse effects of carbon dioxide and other 
greenhouse gases on global temperatures, weather patterns, and the frequency and severity of natural disasters.  Extreme 
weather and natural disasters within or outside the United States could make it more difficult and costly for us to manufacture 
and deliver our products to our customers, obtain production materials from our suppliers, or perform other critical corporate 
functions.  
The increasing concern over climate change could also result in transition risks such as shifting customer preferences or 
regulatory changes.  Changing customer preferences may result in increased demands regarding our solutions, products, and 
services, including the use of packaging materials and other components in our products and their environmental impact on 
sustainability.  These demands may cause us to incur additional costs or make other changes to other operations to respond to 
such demands, which could adversely affect our financial results.  If we fail to manage transition risks, including such demands, 
in an effective manner, customer demand for our solutions, products, and services could diminish, and our profitability could 
suffer.
The increasing concern over climate change could result in new domestic or international legal requirements for us to reduce 
greenhouse gas emissions and other environmental impacts of our operations, improve our energy efficiency, or undertake 
sustainability measures that exceed those we currently pursue.  Any such regulatory requirements could cause disruptions in the 
manufacture of our products and result in increased procurement, production, and distribution costs.  Our reputation and brand 
could be harmed if we fail, or are seen as having failed, to respond responsibly and effectively to changes in legal and 
regulatory measures adopted to address climate change.
Table of Contents
27

Compliance requirements of current or future environmental and safety laws, human rights laws, or other laws may 
expose us to potential liability, increase our operating costs and otherwise harm our business. 
Our operations are subject to environmental and safety regulations in all areas in which we conduct business.  Product design 
and procurement operations must comply with new and future requirements relating to climate change laws and regulations, 
materials composition, sourcing, energy efficiency and collection, recycling, treatment, transportation, and disposal of 
electronics products, including restrictions on mercury, lead, cadmium, lithium metal, lithium ion, and other substances.  If we 
fail to comply with applicable rules and regulations regarding the transportation, source, use, and sale of such regulated 
substances, we could be subject to liability.  The costs and timing of costs under environmental and safety laws are difficult to 
predict, but could have an adverse impact on our business. 
In addition, we and our subsidiaries are subject to various anti-corruption laws that prohibit improper payments or offers of 
payments to foreign governments and their officials for the purpose of obtaining or retaining business, and are also subject to 
export controls, customs, economic sanctions laws, including those currently imposed on Russia, and embargoes imposed by 
the U.S. government.  Violations of the U.S. Foreign Corrupt Practices Act or other anti-corruption laws or export control, 
customs, or economic sanctions laws may result in severe criminal or civil sanctions and penalties, and we and our subsidiaries 
may be subject to other liabilities that could have a material adverse effect on our business, results of operations, and financial 
condition. 
We are subject to various human rights laws, including provisions of the Dodd-Frank Wall Street Reform and Consumer 
Protection Act intended to improve transparency and accountability concerning the supply of minerals originating from the 
conflict zones of the Democratic Republic of the Congo or adjoining countries.  We incur costs to comply with the disclosure 
requirements of this law and other costs relating to the sourcing and availability of minerals used in our products.  Further, we 
may face reputational harm if our customers or other stakeholders conclude that we are unable to sufficiently verify the origins 
of the minerals used in our products.
Natural disasters, terrorism, armed hostilities, or public health issues could harm our business.
Natural disasters, terrorism or armed hostilities, such as the war between Russia and Ukraine, the conflict in the Middle East, or 
tensions across the Taiwan Strait, or public health issues, such as those that have resulted from the coronavirus pandemic, 
whether in the United States or in other countries, could cause damage or disruption to us or our suppliers and customers, or 
could create political or economic instability, any of which impacts could harm our business.  Any such events could cause a 
decrease in demand for our products, make it difficult or impossible to deliver products or for suppliers to deliver components, 
and create delays and inefficiencies in our supply chain. 
We are highly dependent on the services of Michael S. Dell, our Chief Executive Officer, and our loss of, or our inability 
to continue to attract, retain, and motivate, executive talent and other employees in this highly competitive market could 
harm our business.
We are highly dependent on the services of Michael S. Dell, our founder, Chief Executive Officer, and largest stockholder.  
Further, we rely on key personnel, including other members of our executive leadership team, to support our business and 
increasingly complex product and services offerings.  Our experienced executives are supported by employees in our U.S. and 
international operations who are highly skilled in product development, manufacturing, sales, and other functions critical to our 
future growth and profitability.  If we lose the services of Mr. Dell or other key personnel, we may not be able to locate suitable 
or qualified replacements, and we may incur additional expenses to recruit replacements, which could severely disrupt our 
business and growth.  We face intensive competition, both within and outside of our industry, in retaining and hiring individuals 
with the requisite expertise.  As a result of this competition, we may be unable to continue to attract, retain, and motivate 
suitably qualified individuals at acceptable compensation levels who have the managerial, operational, and technical knowledge 
and experience to meet our needs.  Any failure by us to do so could adversely affect our competitive position and results of 
operations.
Table of Contents
28

We have outstanding indebtedness and may incur additional debt in the future, which could adversely affect our 
financial condition. 
As of February 2, 2024, we and our subsidiaries had approximately $26.0 billion aggregate principal amount of indebtedness.  
As of the same date, we and our subsidiaries also had an additional $6.0 billion available for borrowing under our revolving 
credit facility and $5.0 billion of availability under our commercial paper program.  Although continued debt paydown is part 
of our overall capital allocation strategy, a substantial portion of our cash flow from operations is used to make interest and 
other debt service payments, which reduces funds available to us for other purposes such as working capital, capital 
expenditures, other general corporate purposes, and potential acquisitions.  Our indebtedness could also reduce our flexibility in 
responding to current and changing industry and financial market conditions.  We may be able to incur significant additional 
secured and unsecured indebtedness under the terms of our existing debt, which generally do not restrict our ability to incur 
additional unsecured debt and contain significant exceptions to the covenant restricting our ability to incur additional secured 
debt. 
Risks Relating to Ownership of Our Class C Common Stock 
Our multi-class common stock structure with different voting rights may adversely affect the trading price of the 
Class C Common Stock. 
Each share of our Class A Common Stock and each share of our Class B Common Stock has ten votes, while each share of our 
Class C Common Stock has one vote.  Because of these disparate voting rights, Michael Dell and the Susan Lieberman Dell 
Separate Property Trust (the “MD stockholders”) and certain investment funds affiliated with Silver Lake Partners (the “SLP 
stockholders”) collectively held common stock representing approximately 94.0% of the total voting power of our outstanding 
common stock as of March 18, 2024.  The limited ability of holders of the Class C Common Stock to influence matters 
requiring stockholder approval may adversely affect the trading price of the Class C Common Stock. 
Because of our multi-class share structure, we have been and will likely continue to be excluded from certain stock indices.  
FTSE Russell has changed its eligibility criteria to exclude certain companies with multiple classes of shares of common stock 
from being added to some of its stock indices.  Under the current criteria, new and, beginning in September 2022, existing 
constituents of its indices must have greater than 5% of their voting rights in the hands of public stockholders, as calculated by 
FTSE Russell.  Previously, S&P Dow Jones also had excluded companies with multiple share classes, such as Dell 
Technologies, from its indices, including the S&P 500, S&P MidCap 400, and S&P SmallCap 600, which together make up the 
S&P Composite 1500.  In April 2023, S&P Dow Jones reversed this policy and announced that companies with multi-class 
capital structures will again be eligible for inclusion on its indices.  We cannot be sure that such policy, or the policies of other 
indices, will not change further and make us ineligible for inclusion in the S&P Composite 1500, or other indices, in the future.  
After this rule change by the S&P Dow Jones, the Russell 2000 continues to have, and other indices may have, limitations on 
inclusion based on multiple share class structures.    
It is unclear what effect, if any, exclusion from any indices has on the valuations of the affected publicly-traded companies.  It 
is possible that such policies may depress the valuations of public companies excluded from such indices compared to 
valuations of companies that are included. 
Future sales, or the perception of future sales, of a substantial amount of shares of the Class C Common Stock could 
depress the trading price of the Class C Common Stock. 
Sales of a substantial number of shares of the Class C Common Stock in the public market, or the perception that these sales 
may occur, could adversely affect the market price of the Class C Common Stock, which could make it more difficult for 
investors to sell their shares of Class C Common Stock at a time and price that they consider appropriate.  These sales, or the 
possibility that these sales may occur, also could impair our ability to sell equity securities in the future at a time and at a price 
we deem appropriate, and our ability to use Class C Common Stock as consideration for acquisitions of other businesses, 
investments, or other corporate purposes.  As of March 18, 2024, we had a total of approximately 305 million shares of Class C 
Common Stock outstanding. 
Table of Contents
29

As of March 18, 2024, the 328,224,977 outstanding shares of Class A Common Stock held by the MD stockholders and the 
80,311,277 outstanding shares of Class B Common Stock held by the SLP stockholders are convertible into shares of Class C 
Common Stock at any time on a one-to-one basis.  Such shares, upon any conversion into shares of Class C Common Stock, 
will be eligible for resale in the public market pursuant to Rule 144 under the Securities Act of 1933 (the “Securities Act”), 
subject to compliance with conditions of Rule 144.  From February 2, 2024 to March 18, 2024, the MD stockholders converted 
25 million shares of Class A Common Stock and the SLP stockholders converted approximately 6 million shares of Class B 
Common Stock on a one-for-one basis into a total of approximately 31 million shares of Class C Common Stock.  
As of March 18, 2024, we have entered into a registration rights agreement with holders of substantially all outstanding shares 
of Class A Common Stock (which are convertible into the same number of shares of Class C Common Stock), holders of all 
outstanding shares of Class B Common Stock (which are convertible into the same number of shares of Class C Common 
Stock), and holders of approximately 42 million outstanding shares of Class C Common Stock, pursuant to which we granted 
such holders and their permitted transferees shelf, demand and/or piggyback registration rights with respect to such shares 
(including the shares of Class C Common Stock into which the Class A Common Stock and the Class B Common Stock may be 
converted).  Registration of those shares under the Securities Act would permit such holders to sell the shares into the public 
market.  
As of February 2, 2024, 40,188,647 shares of Class C Common Stock that were issuable upon the exercise, vesting, or 
settlement of outstanding stock options, restricted stock units, or deferred stock units under our stock incentive plan, all of 
which would have been, upon issuance, eligible for sale in the public market, subject where applicable to compliance with Rule 
144, and an additional 58,080,682 shares of Class C Common Stock were authorized and reserved for issuance pursuant to 
potential future awards under the stock incentive plan.  We also may issue additional stock options in the future that may be 
exercised for additional shares of Class C Common Stock and additional restricted stock units or deferred stock units that may 
vest.  We expect that all shares of Class C Common Stock issuable with respect to such awards will be registered under one or 
more registration statements on Form S-8 under the Securities Act and available for sale in the open market. 
We are controlled by the MD stockholders, who, together with the SLP stockholders, collectively own a substantial 
majority of our common stock and are able to effectively control our actions, including approval of mergers and other 
significant corporate transactions. 
By reason of their ownership of Class A Common Stock possessing a majority of the aggregate votes entitled to be cast by 
holders of all outstanding shares of our common stock voting together as a single class, the MD stockholders have the ability to 
approve any matter submitted to the vote of all of the outstanding shares of the common stock voting together as a single class.  
Through their control, the MD stockholders are able to control our actions, including actions related to the election of our 
directors and directors of our subsidiaries, amendments to our organizational documents, and the approval of significant 
corporate transactions, including mergers and sales of substantially all of our assets that our stockholders may deem 
advantageous.  For example, although our bylaws provide that the number of directors will be fixed by resolution of the Board 
of Directors, our stockholders may adopt, amend, or repeal the bylaws in accordance with the Delaware General Corporation 
Law.  Through their control, the MD stockholders therefore may amend our bylaws to change the number of directors (within 
the limits of the certificate of incorporation), notwithstanding any determination by the Board of Directors regarding board size.
Further, as of March 18, 2024, the MD stockholders and the SLP stockholders collectively beneficially owned 63.1% of our 
outstanding common stock.  This concentration of ownership together with the disparate voting rights of our common stock 
may delay or deter possible changes in control of Dell Technologies, which may reduce the value of an investment in the Class 
C Common Stock.  So long as the MD stockholders and the SLP stockholders continue to own common stock representing a 
significant amount of the combined voting power of our outstanding common stock, even if such amount is, individually or in 
the aggregate, less than 50%, such stockholders will continue to be able to strongly influence our decisions.  
In addition, the MD stockholders and the SLP stockholders, respectively, have the right to nominate a number of individuals for 
election as Group I Directors (who constitute all but one of our directors), which is equal to the percentage of the total voting 
power for the regular election of directors beneficially owned by the MD stockholders or by the SLP stockholders multiplied by 
the number of directors then on the Board of Directors who are not members of the audit committee, rounded up to the nearest 
whole number.  Further, so long as the MD stockholders or the SLP stockholders each beneficially own at least 5% of all 
outstanding shares of the common stock entitled to vote generally in the election of directors, each of the MD stockholders or 
the SLP stockholders, as applicable, are entitled to nominate at least one individual for election as a Group I Director. 
Table of Contents
30

The MD stockholders, the MSD Partners stockholders, and the SLP stockholders and their respective affiliates may 
have interests that conflict with the interests of other stockholders or those of Dell Technologies.
In the ordinary course of their business activities, the MD stockholders, certain investment funds affiliated with an investment 
firm formed by principals of the firm that manages the capital of Michael Dell and his family (the “MSD Partners 
stockholders”), and the SLP stockholders and their respective affiliates may engage in activities in which their interests conflict 
with our interests or those of other stockholders.  Our certificate of incorporation provides that none of the MD stockholders, 
the MSD Partners stockholders, the SLP stockholders, nor any of their respective affiliates or any director or officer of the 
Company who is also a director, officer, employee, managing director, or other affiliate (other than Michael Dell) have any duty 
to refrain from engaging, directly or indirectly, in the same business activities or similar business activities or lines of business 
in which we operate.  The MD stockholders, the MSD Partners stockholders, and the SLP stockholders also may pursue 
acquisition opportunities that may be complementary to our business and, as a result, those acquisition opportunities may not be 
available to us.  In addition, such stockholders may have an interest in pursuing acquisitions, divestitures, and other transactions 
that, in their judgment, could enhance the value of their investment in Dell Technologies, even though such transactions might 
involve risks to other stockholders. 
Because we are a “controlled company” within the meaning of the rules of the New York Stock Exchange and, as a 
result, qualify for, and rely on, exemptions from certain corporate governance requirements, holders of Class C 
Common Stock do not have the same protections afforded to stockholders of companies that are subject to such 
requirements. 
We are a “controlled company” within the meaning of the rules of the New York Stock Exchange (the “NYSE”) because the 
MD stockholders hold common stock representing more than 50% of the voting power in the election of directors.  As a result, 
holders of Class C Common Stock do not have the same protections afforded to stockholders of companies that are subject to 
all of the NYSE’s corporate governance requirements.  Because we are a controlled company, we may elect not to comply with 
certain corporate governance requirements under NYSE rules, including the requirements that we have a board composed of a 
majority of “independent directors,” as defined under NYSE rules, and that we have a compensation committee and a 
nominating/corporate governance committee each composed entirely of independent directors.  Although we currently maintain 
a board composed of a majority of independent directors and three standing committees of the board composed entirely of 
independent directors, we may decide in the future to change our board membership and committee composition so that the 
board is not composed of a majority of independent directors or one or more committees are not composed entirely of 
independent directors.   
Our certificate of incorporation designates a state court of the State of Delaware and the U.S. federal district courts as 
the sole and exclusive forum for certain types of legal actions and proceedings that may be initiated by our stockholders, 
which could limit the ability of the holders of Class C Common Stock to obtain a favorable judicial forum for disputes 
with us or with our directors, officers, or controlling stockholders. 
Our certificate of incorporation contains provisions requiring an exclusive forum for specified types of legal actions and 
proceedings.
Under our certificate of incorporation, unless we consent in writing to the selection of an alternative forum, the sole and 
exclusive forum will be, to the fullest extent permitted by law, a state court located within the State of Delaware (or, if no state 
court located within the State of Delaware has jurisdiction, the federal district court for the District of Delaware) for: 
•
any derivative action or proceeding brought on our behalf; 
•
any action asserting a claim of breach of a fiduciary duty owed by any director or officer or stockholder of Dell 
Technologies to us or our stockholders; 
•
any action asserting a claim against Dell Technologies or any director or officer or stockholder of Dell Technologies 
arising pursuant to any provision of the Delaware General Corporation Law or of our certificate of incorporation or 
bylaws; or 
Table of Contents
31

•
any action asserting a claim against us or any director or officer or stockholder of Dell Technologies governed by our 
internal affairs doctrine. 
The foregoing Delaware exclusive forum provision does not apply to suits brought to enforce any liability or duty created by 
the Exchange Act or the rules or regulations thereunder, or any other claim over which the federal district courts of the United 
States have exclusive jurisdiction.
In addition to the Delaware exclusive forum provision, our certification of incorporation contains a provision stating that, unless 
we consent in writing to the selection of an alternative forum, the federal courts of the United States shall be the exclusive 
forum for the resolution of any complaint asserting a cause of action arising under the Securities Act.
These provisions of our certificate of incorporation could limit the ability of the holders of the Class C Common Stock to obtain 
a favorable judicial forum for disputes with us or with our directors, officers, or controlling stockholders, which may discourage 
such lawsuits against us and our directors, officers, and stockholders.  Alternatively, if a court were to find these provisions 
inapplicable to, or unenforceable in respect of, one or more of the specified types of actions or proceedings, we may incur 
additional costs associated with resolving such matters in other jurisdictions, which could adversely affect our business, 
financial condition, and results of operations. 
We may not continue to pay cash dividends or to pay cash dividends at the same rate as announced in March 2024.
Our payment of cash dividends, as well as the rate at which we pay dividends, is solely at the discretion of our Board of 
Directors.  Further, dividend payments, if any, are subject to our financial results and the availability of statutory surplus to pay 
dividends.  These factors could result in a change to our current dividend policy.
Table of Contents
32

ITEM 1B — UNRESOLVED STAFF COMMENTS
None.
Table of Contents
33

ITEM 1C — CYBERSECURITY
We face numerous cybersecurity threats that range from cyber-attacks common to most industries to attacks from more 
advanced and persistent threat actors that target large information technology companies with products and services operating 
in strategic sectors.  We could be adversely affected by cybersecurity incidents affecting our systems or the systems of our 
suppliers and other third-party service providers.  To address these threats, we expend considerable resources on cybersecurity 
risk management, strategy, and governance.
We assess, identify, and manage material cybersecurity risks in a number of ways.  Our global security and resiliency 
organization, under the leadership of our Chief Security Officer (“CSO”), has established an internal governance structure to 
identify, assess, rate, and manage cybersecurity risks across the Company in an integrated manner.  The security and resiliency 
organization advises each business unit and functional area on addressing cybersecurity risks and monitors initiatives to 
mitigate and manage such risks over time.  Each business unit or functional area is responsible for managing risks and ensuring 
that security and resiliency policies and standards are implemented within the respective business unit or function.  Compliance 
with our internal security and resiliency policies and standards is assessed by our internal audit team, which has a dedicated 
cybersecurity audit function.
Our security and resiliency organization includes a dedicated cybersecurity function led by our Chief Information Security 
Officer (“CISO”).  As part of our cybersecurity function, the cybersecurity and intelligence response team (“CSIRT”) 
administers a program to monitor, detect, investigate, respond to, and escalate management of internal and external 
cybersecurity threats and incidents.  The CSIRT provides threat intelligence information to our CSO, broader security and 
resiliency organization, and relevant business units and functional areas. 
We also engage third parties in connection with our cybersecurity risk management processes, including cybersecurity 
consultants and auditors, to conduct evaluations of our security controls and provide certifications for industry-standard security 
frameworks, such as ISO27001 and PCI-DSS.
In addition to monitoring risks from threats to our own assets, we administer a third-party risk management program that 
endeavors to help identify and manage risks from cybersecurity threats arising from our suppliers and other service provider 
organizations.  This program seeks to combine a methodology for risk ratings with targeted cybersecurity assessments, security-
focused contractual requirements, and monitoring activities based on the risk profile of covered suppliers and service providers. 
Our CSO reports to our General Counsel and has principal executive responsibility and oversight for the Company’s strategy, 
planning, and operations on the management of both physical and cybersecurity risk.  Our CSO has extensive cybersecurity and 
program management experience and previously served in relevant leadership positions at another large multinational 
corporation and the U.S. Department of Defense.  He is supported by our Chief Information Security Officer, who has extensive 
cybersecurity experience in both the private and public sectors, and a team of cybersecurity professionals with relevant and 
expansive educational and industry experience.
Cybersecurity risk management has been integrated into the Company’s overall enterprise risk management program (“ERM”) 
through the Company’s enterprise risk governing bodies, which are the Global Risk and Compliance Council (“GRCC”) and 
the Enterprise Risk Steering Committee (“ERSC”).  Our CSO reports on cybersecurity risk to the GRCC and ERSC and also 
serves as a member of the ERSC.  The CSO regularly meets with members of our executive leadership team to discuss 
cybersecurity risks, as well as related mitigation and remediation activities.  In addition, information on cybersecurity risks is 
further integrated into our overall ERM through our central internal audit function, which incorporates such information in 
regular audits of our cybersecurity and data protection controls and processes.
Our Board of Directors oversees significant cybersecurity risks to the Company directly and through its Audit Committee.  The 
Board of Directors meets with our CSO or his delegate annually to review significant cybersecurity risks as well as 
cybersecurity priorities and focus areas for the upcoming fiscal year.  The Audit Committee meets with our CSO or his delegate 
quarterly to review significant cybersecurity incidents and risks, as well as progress made towards key cybersecurity initiatives 
and matters.  The CSO may provide more frequent updates to the Board of Directors and Audit Committee if necessitated by a 
security incident or other developments.  The Audit Committee reports regularly to our Board of Directors regarding the 
committee’s oversight of cybersecurity risk matters.  
Table of Contents
34

To date, no risks from cybersecurity threats, including as a result of any previous cybersecurity incident, have materially 
affected our business strategy, results of operations, or financial condition.  Notwithstanding our investment in cybersecurity, 
we may not be successful in identifying a cybersecurity risk or preventing or mitigating a cybersecurity incident or product 
security vulnerability that could have a material adverse effect on our business, results of operations, or financial condition.  For 
a discussion of cybersecurity risks affecting our business, see “Item 1A—Risk Factors—Risks Relating to Our Business and 
Our Industry.”  Although we maintain cybersecurity insurance, the costs related to cybersecurity incidents may not be fully 
insured.
Table of Contents
35

ITEM 2 — PROPERTIES
Our principal executive offices and global headquarters are located at One Dell Way, Round Rock, Texas.
As of February 2, 2024, as shown in the following table, we owned or leased 20.2 million square feet of office, manufacturing, 
and warehouse space worldwide:
Owned
Leased
(in millions)
U.S. facilities
 
8.1  
1.0 
International facilities
 
4.4  
6.7 
Total (a)
 
12.5  
7.7 
____________________
(a) Includes 2.1 million square feet of subleased or vacant space.
As of February 2, 2024, our facilities consisted of business centers, which include facilities that contain operations for sales, 
technical support, administrative, and support functions; manufacturing operations; and research and development centers.  For 
additional information about our facilities, including the location of certain facilities, see “Item 1 — Business — Manufacturing 
and Materials.”
Because of the interrelation of the products and services offered in each of our segments, we generally do not designate our 
properties to any segment.  With limited exceptions, each property is used at least in part by both of our segments, and we retain 
the flexibility to make future use of each of the properties available to each segment.  
We believe that our existing properties are suitable and adequate for our current needs.  We will continue to assess our facilities 
requirements as part of normal business operations.
ITEM 3 — LEGAL PROCEEDINGS
The information required by this Item 3 is incorporated herein by reference to the information set forth under the caption “Legal 
Matters” in Note 12 of the Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements included in “Part II — Item 8 — Financial 
Statements and Supplementary Data.”
In February 2024, the Company received a subpoena from the staff of the Enforcement Division of the Securities and Exchange 
Commission requesting documents and information with respect to transactions involving related persons primarily concerning 
use of corporate and other aircraft.  We are fully cooperating with the SEC staff. 
ITEM 4 — MINE SAFETY DISCLOSURES
Not applicable.
Table of Contents
36

PART II
ITEM 5 — MARKET FOR REGISTRANT’S COMMON EQUITY, RELATED STOCKHOLDER MATTERS AND 
ISSUER PURCHASES OF EQUITY SECURITIES
Market for Class C Common Stock
Our Class C Common Stock is listed and traded on the New York Stock Exchange under the symbol “DELL.”  
There is no public market for our Class A Common Stock or Class B Common Stock.  No shares of our Class D Common 
Stock were outstanding as of February 2, 2024.
Holders
As of March 18, 2024, there were 3,854 holders of record of our Class C Common Stock, six holders of record of our Class A 
Common Stock, and five holders of record of our Class B Common Stock.  The number of record holders does not include 
individuals or entities that beneficially own shares of any class of our common stock, but whose shares are held of record by a 
broker, bank, or other nominee.
Dividends
During Fiscal 2024, the Company paid the following quarterly dividends:
Declaration Date
Record Date
Payment Date
Dividend per Share
Amount 
(in millions)
March 2, 2023
April 25, 2023
May 5, 2023
$ 
0.37 $ 
270 
June 16, 2023
July 25, 2023
August 4, 2023
$ 
0.37 $ 
268 
September 28, 2023
October 24, 2023
November 3, 2023
$ 
0.37 $ 
266 
December 5, 2023
January 23, 2024
February 2, 2024
$ 
0.37 $ 
261 
____________________
(a) During the fiscal year ended February 2, 2024, the Company also paid an immaterial amount of dividend equivalents on 
eligible vested equity awards which are not included above. 
On February 29, 2024, the Company announced that the Board of Directors approved a 20% increase in the quarterly dividend 
to a rate of $0.445 per share per fiscal quarter beginning in the first quarter of the fiscal year ending January 31, 2025.
The dividend policy and the declaration and payment of each quarterly cash dividend will be subject to the continuing 
determination by the Board of Directors that the policy and the declaration of dividends thereunder are in the best interests of 
our stockholders and are in compliance with applicable law.  The Board of Directors retains the power to modify, suspend, or 
cancel the dividend policy in any manner and at any time that it may deem necessary or appropriate.
Sales of Unregistered Securities
During January 2024, the Company issued 218,182 shares of Class C Common Stock to a stockholder upon the conversion of 
the same number of shares of our Class A Common Stock held by and at the election of such stockholder. The issuance of the 
Class C Common Stock in this transaction was made in reliance on the exemption from registration under the Securities Act 
afforded by Section 3(a)(9) thereof.  No commission or other remuneration was paid or given directly or indirectly for soliciting 
the exchange of these securities.
Table of Contents
37

Purchases of Equity Securities 
The following table presents information with respect to our purchases of Class C Common Stock during the fourth quarter of 
Fiscal 2024.
Period
Total Number of 
Shares Purchased
Weighted Average 
Price Paid per 
Share
Total Number of 
Shares Purchased 
as Part of Publicly 
Announced 
Programs
Approximate 
Dollar Value of 
Shares that May 
Yet Be Purchased 
Under the 
Programs
(in millions, except per share amounts)
Repurchases from November 4, 
2023 to December 1, 2023
 
3.0 $ 
73.35  
3.0 $ 
5,020 
Repurchases from December 2, 
2023 to December 29, 2023
 
4.7 $ 
71.73  
4.7 $ 
4,684 
Repurchases from December 30, 
2023 to February 2, 2024
 
3.5 $ 
79.77  
3.5 $ 
4,407 
Total
 
11.2 
 
11.2 
Effective as of September 23, 2021, our Board of Directors approved our current stock repurchase program with no established 
expiration date under which we may repurchase from time to time, through open market purchases, block trades, or accelerated 
or other structured share purchases, up to $5 billion of shares of Class C Common Stock, exclusive of any fees, commissions, or 
other expenses related to such repurchases.
Effective as of October 5, 2023, the Company’s Board of Directors approved the repurchase of an additional $5 billion of 
shares of the Company’s Class C Common Stock under our stock repurchase program.  Following the additional approval, the 
Company had approximately $5.7 billion in authorized amount remaining under the program.
Table of Contents
38

Stock Performance Graph
Class C Common Stock
The following graph compares the cumulative total return on the Company’s Class C Common Stock for the period from 
February 1, 2019 through February 2, 2024 with the total return over the same period on the S&P 500 Index and the S&P 500 
Information Technology Index.  The graph assumes that $100 was invested on February 1, 2019 in the Class C Common Stock 
and in each of the foregoing indices and assumes reinvestment of dividends, if any.  The comparisons in the graph are based on 
historical data.
  
Class C Common Stock
S&P 500
S&P 500 Information Technology Index
2/1/2019
1/31/2020
1/29/2021
1/28/2022
2/3/2023
2/2/2024
$0
$100
$200
$300
$400
February 1, 
2019
January 31, 
2020
January 29, 
2021
January 28, 
2022
February 3, 
2023
February 2, 
2024
Class C Common Stock
$ 
100.00 $ 
98.23 $ 
146.81 $ 
223.92 $ 
173.63 $ 
364.05 
S&P 500 Index
$ 
100.00 $ 
121.54 $ 
142.49 $ 
172.39 $ 
163.57 $ 
199.26 
S&P 500 Information 
Technology Index
$ 
100.00 $ 
145.18 $ 
199.07 $ 
245.09 $ 
221.29 $ 
327.10 
The preceding stock performance graph shall not be deemed to be incorporated by reference by means of any general statement 
incorporating by reference this Annual Report on Form 10-K into any filing under the Securities Act of 1933 or the Securities 
Exchange Act of 1934, except to the extent that Dell Technologies specifically incorporates such information by reference, and 
shall not otherwise be deemed filed under such Acts.
ITEM 6 — [RESERVED]
Table of Contents
39

ITEM 7 — MANAGEMENT’S DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS OF FINANCIAL CONDITION AND RESULTS OF 
OPERATIONS
This management’s discussion and analysis should be read in conjunction with the audited Consolidated Financial 
Statements and accompanying Notes included in this Annual Report on Form 10-K.  This section of this Form 10-K 
generally discusses Fiscal 2024 and Fiscal 2023 items and presents year-to-year comparisons between Fiscal 2024 and 
Fiscal 2023 results.  Discussion of Fiscal 2022 items and year-to-year comparisons between Fiscal 2023 and Fiscal 2022 
results that are not included in this Form 10-K are presented in “Part II — Item 7 — Management’s Discussion and 
Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations” of the Company’s Annual Report on Form 10-K for the fiscal 
year ended February 3, 2023, as filed with the SEC on March 30, 2023, which is available free of charge on the SEC’s 
website at www.sec.gove and on our Investor Relations website at investors.delltechnologies.com. 
In addition to historical financial information, the following discussion contains forward-looking statements that reflect our 
plans, estimates, and beliefs, and that are subject to numerous risks and uncertainties.  Our actual results may differ 
materially from those expressed or implied in any forward-looking statements.
Unless otherwise indicated, all results presented are prepared in a manner that complies, in all material respects, with 
generally accepted accounting principles in the United States of America (“GAAP”).  Unless otherwise indicated, all 
changes identified for the current-period results represent comparisons to results for the prior corresponding fiscal period.
Unless the context indicates otherwise, references in this management’s discussion and analysis to “we,” “us,” “our,” the 
“Company,” and “Dell Technologies” mean Dell Technologies Inc. and its consolidated subsidiaries, references to “Dell” 
mean Dell Inc. and Dell Inc.’s consolidated subsidiaries, and references to “EMC” mean EMC Corporation and EMC 
Corporation’s consolidated subsidiaries.
Our fiscal year is the 52- or 53-week period ending on the Friday nearest January 31.  We refer to our fiscal year ended 
February 2, 2024 as “Fiscal 2024” and our fiscal year ended February 3, 2023 as “Fiscal 2023.”  Fiscal 2024 included 52 
weeks and Fiscal 2023 included 53 weeks.
INTRODUCTION
Company Overview
Dell Technologies is a global technology company that provides customers with a broad and innovative solutions portfolio to 
help customers modernize their information technology (“IT”) infrastructure, address workforce transformation, and provide 
critical solutions that keep people and organizations connected.  With our extensive portfolio and our commitment to 
innovation, we offer secure, integrated solutions that extend from the edge to the core to the cloud, and we are at the forefront 
of artificial intelligence (“AI”), software-defined, and cloud native infrastructure solutions.  Our vision is to become the most 
essential technology partner.  We intend to realize our vision as we execute our strategy to leverage our strengths to extend our 
leadership positions and capture new growth.
We are organized into two business units which are also our reportable segments: Infrastructure Solutions Group and Client 
Solutions Group.
•
Infrastructure Solutions Group (“ISG”) — ISG includes our storage, server, and networking offerings.  Our 
comprehensive storage portfolio includes modern and traditional storage solutions, including all-flash arrays, scale-out 
file, object platforms, hyper-converged infrastructure, and software-defined storage.  Our server portfolio includes 
high-performance general-purpose and AI-optimized servers.  Our networking portfolio includes wide area network 
infrastructure, data center and edge networking switches, and cables and optics.  ISG also offers software, peripherals, 
and services, including consulting and support and deployment.
•
Client Solutions Group (“CSG”) — CSG includes offerings designed for commercial and consumer customers.  Our 
CSG portfolio includes branded PCs including notebooks, desktops, and workstations, branded peripherals, and third-
party software and peripherals.  CSG also includes services offerings, such as configuration, support and deployment, 
and extended warranties.  
Table of Contents
40

Our “other businesses” primarily consist of our resale of standalone offerings of VMware LLC (formerly “VMware, Inc.” and 
individually and together with its subsidiaries, “VMware”), referred to as “VMware Resale,” and offerings of SecureWorks 
Corp. (“Secureworks”).  These businesses are not classified as reportable segments, either individually or collectively. 
For further discussion regarding our current reportable segments, see “Item 1 Business”, “Results of Operations — Business 
Unit Results,” and Note 19 of the Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements included in this report.
We offer customers choice in how they acquire our solutions including traditional purchasing and financing offerings provided 
by Dell Financial Services and its affiliates (“DFS”).  We also offer flexible consumption models, including utility, 
subscription, and as-a-Service models.  These offerings allow our customers to pay over time and provide them with operational 
and financial flexibility.  For additional information about our financing arrangements, see Note 6 of the Notes to the 
Consolidated Financial Statements included in this report.  
Business Trends and Challenges
Fiscal 2024 Significant Developments — During Fiscal 2024, certain significant developments impacted the environment in 
which we operate.  Such developments, and their impact on our operations, were as follows:  
•
Macroeconomic uncertainty: Throughout the year, the effects of the evolving macroeconomic environment continued 
to impact industry-wide demand as customers were cautious and measured in their approach to IT spending, which 
affected our ISG and CSG net revenue performance.
•
Advancements in artificial intelligence: Despite overall caution from our enterprise and large corporate customers, our 
ISG business benefited from increased demand for AI-optimized solutions as advancements in AI influenced customer 
spending behavior as organizations look to implement AI in their own operations.  Demand for AI-optimized servers 
outpaced the supply of graphics processing units (“GPUs”) for these products, resulting in elevated backlog levels for 
such offerings as we exited the fiscal year. 
•
Supply chain: Notwithstanding the constraints in supply for GPUs, our supply chain operated efficiently during the 
year.  We experienced a decline in component and logistics costs, which we refer to as input costs.  Input costs 
decreased generally as a result of declines in demand leading to improving supply positions for certain limited-source 
components as well as reductions in both expedited shipments and overall rate costs in the freight network.
•
Broadcom’s acquisition of VMware: On November 22, 2023, Broadcom, Inc., (“Broadcom”) completed its acquisition 
of VMware, leading to changes to our relationship with VMware described below.  The changes affected our other 
businesses net revenue, most notably in the fourth quarter of the fiscal year.   
Throughout the year, we remained focused on our key strategic priorities, building long-term value creation for our 
stakeholders, and addressing our customers’ needs while continuing to make prudent decisions in response to the environment.  
We balanced profitability and growth while executing disciplined pricing and navigating through competitive pricing pressures, 
which increased as the year progressed.  Additionally, we continued to execute cost management measures, including limiting 
external hiring, employee reorganizations, and other actions to align our investments with our strategic priorities and customer 
needs.  These actions resulted in a reduction in our overall headcount.
Despite continued near-term challenges, we expect the demand environment to improve in Fiscal 2025 which will enable us to 
achieve net revenue growth for the full fiscal year.  We expect ISG net revenue to grow, driven by our AI-optimized servers, 
improving demand for our traditional servers, and a recovery in demand for our storage offerings.  We expect CSG net revenue 
growth for the full fiscal year, driven in part by the anticipated PC refresh cycle in the latter part of Fiscal 2025.  While we 
anticipate both ISG and CSG net revenue growth, we expect a continued reduction of our other businesses’ net revenue as a 
result of the change in our commercial relationship with VMware. 
We expect input costs to increase during Fiscal 2025, principally driven by anticipated inflation for component costs as the year 
progresses.  Further, we anticipate that the pricing environment will be more competitive in Fiscal 2025, which we began to 
observe during the second half of Fiscal 2024.  Input cost trends are dependent on the strength or weakness of actual end-user 
demand and supply dynamics, which will continue to fluctuate and ultimately impact our costs, pricing, and operating results.  
We plan to mitigate the impact of these dynamics through continued disciplined cost management.
Table of Contents
41

Throughout Fiscal 2025, we will continue to advance our own capabilities to change the way we work and make decisions, 
improve business outcomes and the customer experience, and reduce cost by leveraging new technology to streamline our own 
systems and optimize business processes.  We believe our unique operating advantages provide a foundation to foster growth, 
drive efficiencies, and continue to position us for long-term success.
Relationship with VMware — On November 1, 2021, we completed our spin-off of VMware by means of a special stock 
dividend (the “VMware Spin-off”).  In connection with and upon completion of the VMware Spin-off, we entered into the 
Commercial Framework Agreement (“CFA”) with VMware, which provided the framework under which we and VMware 
continued our commercial relationship.  Pursuant to the CFA, we have acted as a distributor of VMware’s standalone products 
and services, purchased such products and services for resale to customers, and integrated VMware products and services with 
Dell Technologies’ offerings for sale to end-users. 
On November 22, 2023, VMware was acquired by Broadcom.  Following the acquisition, Broadcom announced changes to its 
go-to-market approach for VMware offerings which impacted our commercial relationship with VMware.  In response to such 
changes, on January 25, 2024, under a provision of the CFA permitting us to terminate the agreement upon a change in control 
of VMware, we delivered notice of termination of the CFA to Broadcom under which the agreement will terminate on March 
25, 2024.  
The Company continues to integrate select VMware products and services with Dell Technologies’ offerings and sell them to 
end-users.  The results of such offerings are reflected within CSG or ISG, depending upon the nature of the underlying offering 
sold.
VMware was a related party until the date of its acquisition by Broadcom.  The acquisition terminated the preexisting related 
party relationship with VMware such that no related party relationship exists with either Broadcom or VMware as of the date of 
issuance of this report.  For more information regarding the impact of the Broadcom acquisition of VMware and our related 
party transactions with VMware, see Note 20 of the Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements included in this report.
ISG — We expect that ISG will continue to be impacted by the evolving nature of the IT infrastructure market and competitive 
environment.  With our scale and strong solutions portfolio, we believe we are well-positioned to address the ongoing 
competitive dynamics and trends in technology and customer needs.  Through our collaborative, customer-focused approach to 
innovation, we strive to deliver new and relevant solutions and software to our customers quickly and efficiently.  We continue 
to focus on customer base expansion and the lifetime value of customer relationships.
We anticipate that ISG will continue to benefit from technology advances and customer interest in AI.  Through our server and 
storage offerings, including our AI-optimized solutions, we are well positioned to capture growth and support our customers’ 
needs.
We expect that growth in data will continue to generate long-term demand for our storage solutions and services.  Cloud native 
applications are expected to continue to be a key trend in the infrastructure market.  We benefit from offering solutions that 
address software-defined storage, hyper-converged infrastructure, and modular solutions based on server-centric architectures.  
We continue to expand our offerings in external storage arrays, which incorporate flexible, cloud-based functionality.  Our 
storage business is subject to seasonal trends, which may continue to impact ISG results.
CSG — We participate in all segments of the PC market but focus on commercial and high-end consumer computing devices, 
as we believe they represent the most stable and profitable markets.  We anticipate that CSG will benefit from advances in AI in 
the long-term as customers will require PCs with the ability to run their complex AI workloads.  
Competitive dynamics continue to be an important factor in our CSG business and continue to impact pricing and operating 
results.  We remain committed to our long-term CSG strategy and will continue to make investments to innovate across the 
portfolio.  We expect that the CSG demand environment will continue to be subject to seasonal trends.   
Recurring Revenue and Consumption Models — We expect that our flexible consumption models will further strengthen our 
customer relationships and provide a foundation for growth in recurring revenue.  We define recurring revenue as revenue 
recognized that is primarily related to hardware and software maintenance as well as operating leases, subscription, as-a-
Service, and usage-based offerings.
Table of Contents
42

Strategic Investments and Acquisitions — As part of our strategy, we will continue to evaluate opportunities for strategic 
investments through our venture capital investment arm, Dell Technologies Capital, with a focus on emerging technology areas 
that are relevant to our business.  The technologies or products these companies have under development are typically in the 
early stages and may never have commercial value, which could result in a loss of a substantial part of our investment in the 
companies.  
Foreign Currency Exposure — We manage our business on a U.S. dollar basis.  However, we have a large global presence, 
generating approximately half of our net revenue from sales to customers outside of the United States during Fiscal 2024 and 
Fiscal 2023.  As a result, our operating results can be, and particularly in recent periods have been, impacted by fluctuations in 
foreign currency exchange rates.  We utilize a comprehensive hedging strategy intended to mitigate the impact of foreign 
currency volatility over time, and we adjust pricing when possible to further minimize foreign currency impacts. 
Other Macroeconomic Risks and Uncertainties — The impacts of trade protection measures, including increases in tariffs and 
trade barriers, changes in government policies and international trade arrangements, geopolitical volatility (including ongoing 
military conflicts in Ukraine and the Middle East), and global macroeconomic conditions (including those in China), may affect 
our ability to conduct business in some non-U.S. markets.  We monitor and seek to mitigate these risks with adjustments to our 
manufacturing, supply chain, and distribution networks.
Table of Contents
43

NON-GAAP FINANCIAL MEASURES
In this management’s discussion and analysis, we use supplemental measures of our performance which are derived from our 
consolidated financial information but which are not presented in our consolidated financial statements prepared in accordance 
with GAAP.  These non-GAAP financial measures include non-GAAP product net revenue; non-GAAP services net revenue; 
non-GAAP net revenue; non-GAAP product gross margin; non-GAAP services gross margin; non-GAAP gross margin; non-
GAAP operating expenses; non-GAAP operating income; non-GAAP net income; non-GAAP earnings per share attributable to 
Dell Technologies, Inc. - diluted; free cash flow; and adjusted free cash flow.  These non-GAAP financial measures are not 
meant to be considered as indicators of performance or liquidity in isolation from or as a substitute for gross margin, operating 
expenses, operating income, net income, diluted earnings per share, or cash flows from operating activities prepared in 
accordance with GAAP, and should be read only in conjunction with financial information presented on a GAAP basis.
We use non-GAAP financial measures to supplement financial information presented on a GAAP basis.  Management uses 
these non-GAAP measures in financial planning and forecasting and when evaluating our financial results and operating trends 
and performance.  We believe, when used supplementally with GAAP financial measures, these non-GAAP financial measures 
provide our investors with useful and transparent information to help them evaluate our results by facilitating an enhanced 
understanding of our results of operations and enabling them to make period to period comparisons.  There are limitations to the 
use of the non-GAAP financial measures presented in this report.  Our non-GAAP financial measures may not be comparable to 
similarly titled measures of other companies.  Other companies, including companies in our industry, may calculate non-GAAP 
financial measures differently than we do, limiting the usefulness of those measures for comparative purposes.
Non-GAAP product net revenue, non-GAAP services net revenue, non-GAAP net revenue, non-GAAP product gross margin, 
non-GAAP services gross margin, non-GAAP gross margin, non-GAAP operating expenses, non-GAAP operating income, 
non-GAAP net income, and non-GAAP earnings per share attributable to Dell Technologies, Inc. - diluted, as defined by us, 
exclude amortization of intangible assets, the impact of purchase accounting, transaction-related expenses, stock-based 
compensation expense, other corporate expenses and, for non-GAAP net income and non-GAAP diluted earnings per share 
attributable to Dell Technologies, fair value adjustments on equity investments and an aggregate adjustment for income taxes.  
As the excluded items may have a material impact on our financial results, our management compensates for this limitation by 
relying primarily on our GAAP results and using non-GAAP financial measures supplementally or for projections when 
comparable GAAP financial measures are not available.  
Reconciliations of each non-GAAP financial measure to its most directly comparable GAAP financial measure are presented 
below.  We encourage you to review the reconciliations in conjunction with the presentation of the non-GAAP financial 
measures for each of the periods presented.  The discussion below includes information on each of the excluded items as well as 
our reasons for excluding them from our non-GAAP results.  In future fiscal periods, we may exclude such items and may incur 
income and expenses similar to these excluded items.  Accordingly, the exclusion of these items and other similar items in our 
non-GAAP presentation should not be interpreted as implying that these items are non-recurring, infrequent, or unusual.
The following is a summary of the items excluded from the most comparable GAAP financial measures to calculate our non-
GAAP financial measures.
•
Amortization of Intangible Assets — Amortization of intangible assets primarily consists of amortization of customer 
relationships, developed technology, and trade names.  In connection with our acquisition by merger of EMC, referred to as 
the “EMC merger transaction,” and the acquisition of Dell Inc. by Dell Technologies Inc., referred to as the “going-private 
transaction,” all of the tangible and intangible assets and liabilities of EMC and Dell Inc. and their consolidated 
subsidiaries, respectively, were accounted for and recognized at fair value on the transaction dates.  Accordingly, for the 
periods presented, amortization of intangible assets primarily represents amortization associated with intangible assets 
recognized in connection with the EMC merger transaction and the going-private transaction.  We exclude amortization 
charges for purchased intangible assets as they are significantly impacted by the timing and magnitude of our acquisitions, 
may vary in amount from period to period, and do not reflect current operating performance.
Table of Contents
44

•
Impact of Purchase Accounting — The impact of purchase accounting includes purchase accounting adjustments primarily 
related to the EMC merger transaction recorded under the acquisition method of accounting in accordance with the 
accounting guidance for business combinations.  In accordance with such guidance, all of the assets and liabilities acquired 
were accounted for and recognized at fair value as of the transaction date, and the fair value adjustments continue to 
amortize over the estimated useful lives in the periods following the transaction.  The fair value adjustments that are still 
amortizing primarily relate to property, plant, and equipment.  We exclude the impact of purchase accounting as it is does 
not reflect our current operating performance and charges are significantly impacted by the timing and magnitude of our 
acquisitions and, as a result, may vary in amount from period to period.
•
Transaction-Related (Income) Expenses — Transaction-related expenses typically consist of acquisition, integration, and 
divestiture related costs, and are expensed as incurred.  During Fiscal 2022, this category also includes costs incurred in 
connection with the VMware Spin-off.  These expenses primarily represent costs for legal, banking, consulting, and 
advisory services.  During Fiscal 2022, this category included $1.5 billion in debt extinguishment fees primarily associated 
with the early retirement of certain senior notes.  From time to time, this category also may include transaction-related 
income related to divestitures of businesses or asset sales.  During Fiscal 2022, we recognized a pre-tax gain of $4.0 billion 
on the sale of our Boomi business.  We exclude transaction-related expenses because they are significantly impacted by the 
timing and magnitude of our acquisitions and divestitures and do not reflect current operating performance.
•
Stock-based Compensation Expense — Stock-based compensation expense consists of equity awards granted based on the 
estimated fair value of those awards at grant date.  To estimate the fair value of performance-based awards containing a 
market condition, we use the Monte Carlo valuation model.  For other share-based awards, the fair value is generally based 
on the closing price of the Class C Common Stock as reported on the NYSE on the date of grant.  Although stock-based 
compensation is an important aspect of the compensation of our employees and executives, we exclude such expense 
because the fair value of the stock-based awards may fluctuate based on factors unrelated to the operating performance of 
the business and may bear little resemblance to the actual value realized upon the vesting or future exercise of the related 
stock-based awards.
•
Other Corporate Expenses — Other corporate expenses consist primarily of impairment charges, severance expenses, 
incentive charges related to equity investments, facility action costs, and payroll taxes associated with stock-based 
compensation.  During Fiscal 2024 and Fiscal 2023, we recognized $0.6 billion and $0.5 billion, respectively, of severance 
expense related to workforce reduction activities.  Severance costs are primarily related to severance and benefits for 
employees terminated pursuant to cost savings initiatives.  During Fiscal 2023, other corporate expenses includes 
$0.9 billion of net expense recognized within interest and other, net, in connection with an agreement to settle the Class V 
transaction litigation.  See Note 12 of the Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements included in this report for 
information about this matter.  Although we may incur these types of expenses in the future, we exclude other corporate 
expenses as they can vary from period to period, are significantly impacted by the timing and nature of these events, and 
are not used by management in assessing operating performance of the business.
•
Fair Value Adjustments on Equity Investments — Fair value adjustments on equity investments primarily consist of the 
gain (loss) on strategic investments, which includes recurring fair value adjustments of investments in publicly-traded 
companies, as well as those in privately-held companies, which are adjusted for observable price changes and any potential 
impairments.  See Note 5 of the Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements included in this report for additional 
information on our strategic investment activity.  We exclude fair value adjustments on equity investments given the 
volatility in ongoing adjustments to the valuation of these strategic investments and because such adjustments are unrelated 
to the operating performance of our business. 
•
Aggregate Adjustment for Income Taxes — The aggregate adjustment for income taxes is the estimated combined income 
tax effect for the adjustments described above, as well as an adjustment for discrete tax items.  We exclude these benefits 
or charges for purposes of calculating non-GAAP net income due to the variability in recognition of discrete tax items from 
period to period.  The tax effects are determined based on the tax jurisdictions where the above items were incurred.  See 
Note 13 of the Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements included in this report for additional information about our 
income taxes.  Beginning in Fiscal 2025, our non-GAAP income tax will be calculated using a fixed estimated annual tax 
rate which will be determined based on historical trends and projections for the current fiscal year.  We may adjust our 
estimated annual tax rate during the fiscal year to take into account events that would significantly impact our income tax 
expense, including significant changes resulting from tax legislation, material changes in the geographic mix of revenue 
and expenses, changes to our corporate structure, and other significant events.
Table of Contents
45

The following table presents a reconciliation of each non-GAAP financial measure to the most directly comparable GAAP 
measure for the periods indicated:
Fiscal Year Ended
 
February 2, 
2024
% 
Change
February 3, 
2023
% 
Change
January 28, 
2022
(in millions, except percentages)
Product net revenue
$ 
64,353 
 (19) % $ 
79,250 
 (1) % $ 
79,830 
Non-GAAP adjustments:
Impact of purchase accounting
 
— 
 
— 
 
— 
Non-GAAP product net revenue
$ 
64,353 
 (19) % $ 
79,250 
 (1) % $ 
79,830 
Services net revenue
$ 
24,072 
 4 % $ 
23,051 
 8 % $ 
21,367 
Non-GAAP adjustments:
Impact of purchase accounting
 
— 
 
— 
 
32 
Non-GAAP services net revenue
$ 
24,072 
 4 % $ 
23,051 
 8 % $ 
21,399 
Net revenue
$ 
88,425 
 (14) % $ 
102,301 
 1 % $ 
101,197 
Non-GAAP adjustments:
Impact of purchase accounting
 
— 
 
— 
 
32 
Non-GAAP net revenue
$ 
88,425 
 (14) % $ 
102,301 
 1 % $ 
101,229 
Product gross margin
$ 
11,037 
 (17) % $ 
13,221 
 5 % $ 
12,606 
Non-GAAP adjustments:
Amortization of intangibles
 
331 
 
414 
 
598 
Impact of purchase accounting
 
— 
 
2 
 
3 
Stock-based compensation expense
 
51 
 
52 
 
48 
Other corporate expenses
 
23 
 
32 
 
6 
Non-GAAP product gross margin 
$ 
11,442 
 (17) % $ 
13,721 
 3 % $ 
13,261 
Services gross margin 
$ 
9,832 
 4 % $ 
9,465 
 2 % $ 
9,285 
Non-GAAP adjustments:
Impact of purchase accounting
 
— 
 
— 
 
32 
Stock-based compensation expense
 
98 
 
100 
 
85 
Other corporate expenses
 
72 
 
141 
 
21 
Non-GAAP services gross margin
$ 
10,002 
 3 % $ 
9,706 
 3 % $ 
9,423 
Gross margin
$ 
20,869 
 (8) % $ 
22,686 
 4 % $ 
21,891 
Non-GAAP adjustments:
Amortization of intangibles
 
331 
 
414 
 
598 
Impact of purchase accounting
 
— 
 
2 
 
35 
Stock-based compensation expense
 
149 
 
152 
 
133 
Other corporate expenses
 
95 
 
173 
 
27 
Non-GAAP gross margin
$ 
21,444 
 (8) % $ 
23,427 
 3 % $ 
22,684 
Table of Contents
46

Fiscal Year Ended
 
February 2, 
2024
% 
Change
February 3, 
2023
% 
Change
January 28, 
2022
(in millions, except percentages)
Operating expenses
$ 
15,658 
 (7) % $ 
16,915 
 (2) % $ 
17,232 
Non-GAAP adjustments:
Amortization of intangibles
 
(488) 
 
(556) 
 
(1,043) 
Impact of purchase accounting
 
(14) 
 
(42) 
 
(32) 
Transaction-related expenses
 
(12) 
 
(22) 
 
(273) 
Stock-based compensation expense
 
(729) 
 
(779) 
 
(675) 
Other corporate expenses
 
(649) 
 
(726) 
 
(310) 
Non-GAAP operating expenses
$ 
13,766 
 (7) % $ 
14,790 
 (1) % $ 
14,899 
Operating income
$ 
5,211 
 (10) % $ 
5,771 
 24 % $ 
4,659 
Non-GAAP adjustments:
Amortization of intangibles
 
819 
 
970 
 
1,641 
Impact of purchase accounting
 
14 
 
44 
 
67 
Transaction-related expenses
 
12 
 
22 
 
273 
Stock-based compensation expense
 
878 
 
931 
 
808 
Other corporate expenses
 
744 
 
899 
 
337 
Non-GAAP operating income
$ 
7,678 
 (11) % $ 
8,637 
 11 % $ 
7,785 
Net income
$ 
3,195 
 32 % $ 
2,422 
 (51) % $ 
4,942 
Non-GAAP adjustments:
Amortization of intangibles
 
819 
 
970 
 
1,641 
Impact of purchase accounting
 
14 
 
44 
 
67 
Transaction-related (income) expenses
 
49 
 
(16) 
 
(2,143) 
Stock-based compensation expense
 
878 
 
931 
 
808 
Other corporate expenses
 
744 
 
1,812 
 
337 
Fair value adjustments on equity 
investments
 
(47) 
 
206 
 
(572) 
Aggregate adjustment for income taxes
 
(407) 
 
(642) 
 
(156) 
Non-GAAP net income
$ 
5,245 
 (8) % $ 
5,727 
 16 % $ 
4,924 
Table of Contents
47

Fiscal Year Ended
February 2,
2024
% 
Change
February 3,
2023
% 
Change
January 28,
2022
Earnings per share attributable to Dell 
Technologies, Inc. — diluted
$ 
4.36 
 35 % $ 
3.24 
 (48) % $ 
6.26 
Non-GAAP adjustments:
Amortization of intangibles
 
1.11 
 
1.29 
 
2.07 
Impact of purchase accounting
 
0.02 
 
0.06 
 
0.08 
Transaction-related (income) expenses
 
0.07 
 
(0.02) 
 
(2.71) 
Stock-based compensation expense
 
1.19 
 
1.24 
 
1.02 
Other corporate expenses
 
1.01 
 
2.41 
 
0.43 
Fair value adjustments on equity 
investments
 
(0.06) 
 
0.27 
 
(0.72) 
Aggregate adjustment for income taxes
 
(0.55) 
 
(0.86) 
 
(0.20) 
Total non-GAAP adjustments attributable 
to non-controlling interests
 
(0.02) 
 
(0.02) 
 
(0.01) 
Non-GAAP earnings per share 
attributable to Dell Technologies, Inc. — 
diluted
$ 
7.13 
 (6) % $ 
7.61 
 22 % $ 
6.22 
Table of Contents
48

In addition to the above measures, we consider free cash flow and adjusted free cash flow to be liquidity measures that provide 
useful information to management and investors in part because we use these metrics in our long-term capital allocation 
framework.  Further, we believe free cash flow and adjusted free cash flow are useful measures to management and investors 
because they reflect cash that we can use to, among other purposes, repurchase common stock, pay dividends on our common 
stock, invest in our business, pay down debt, and make strategic acquisitions.   
As is the case with the non-GAAP measures presented above, users should consider the limitations of using free cash flow and 
adjusted free cash flow, including the fact that those measures do not provide a complete measure of our cash flows for any 
period.  Free cash flow and adjusted free cash flow do not purport to be alternatives to cash flows from operating activities as a 
measure of liquidity.  In particular, free cash flow and adjusted free cash flow are not intended to be a measure of cash flow 
available for management’s discretionary use, as these measures do not consider certain cash requirements, such as debt service 
requirements and other contractual commitments.
The following table presents a reconciliation of free cash flow and adjusted free cash flow to cash from operating activities for 
the periods indicated:
Fiscal Year Ended
February 2,
2024
% 
Change
February 3,
2023
% 
Change
January 28,
2022
(in millions, except percentages)
Cash flow from operations
$ 
8,676 
 143 % $ 
3,565 
 (65) % $ 
10,307 
Non-GAAP adjustments:
Capital expenditures and capitalized software 
development costs, net (a)
 
(2,753) 
 
(2,993) 
 
(2,755) 
Free cash flow
$ 
5,923 
 935 % $ 
572 
 (92) % $ 
7,552 
Free cash flow
$ 
5,923 
 935 % $ 
572 
 (92) % $ 
7,552 
Non-GAAP adjustments:
DFS financing receivables (b)
 
(309) 
 
461 
 
241 
DFS operating leases (c)
 
(7) 
 
500 
 
394 
Adjusted free cash flow
$ 
5,607 
 266 % $ 
1,533 
 (81) % $ 
8,187 
____________________
(a) Capital expenditures and capitalized software development costs, net include proceeds from sales of facilities, land, and 
other assets.
(b) DFS financing receivables represent the operating cash flow impact from the change in financing receivables.
(c) DFS operating leases represent the change in net carrying value of equipment for DFS operating leases.
We exclude the cash flow impact of DFS financing receivables and operating leases from our adjusted free cash flow, as the 
initial funding at the time of origination is largely subsequently replaced with cash inflows from DFS debt, the majority of 
which is asset-backed.
Table of Contents
49

RESULTS OF OPERATIONS
Consolidated Results
The following table summarizes our consolidated results for the periods indicated.  Unless otherwise indicated, all changes 
identified for the current-period results represent comparisons to results for the prior corresponding fiscal period. 
Fiscal Year Ended
 
February 2, 2024
February 3, 2023
January 28, 2022
 
Dollars
% of
Net 
Revenue
%
Change
Dollars
% of
Net 
Revenue
%
Change
Dollars
% of
Net 
Revenue
(in millions, except percentages and per share amounts)
Net revenue:
Products
$ 
64,353 
 72.8 %
 (19) % $ 
79,250 
 77.5 %
 (1) % $ 
79,830 
 78.9 %
Services
 
24,072 
 27.2 %
 4 %  
23,051 
 22.5 %
 8 %  
21,367 
 21.1 %
Total net revenue
$ 
88,425 
 100.0 %
 (14) % $ 102,301 
 100.0 %
 1 % $ 101,197 
 100.0 %
Gross margin:
Products
$ 
11,037 
 17.2 %
 (17) % $ 
13,221 
 16.7 %
 5 % $ 
12,606 
 15.8 %
Services
 
9,832 
 40.8 %
 4 %  
9,465 
 41.1 %
 2 %  
9,285 
 43.5 %
Total gross margin
$ 
20,869 
 23.6 %
 (8) % $ 
22,686 
 22.2 %
 4 % $ 
21,891 
 21.6 %
Operating expenses
$ 
15,658 
 17.7 %
 (7) % $ 
16,915 
 16.6 %
 (2) % $ 
17,232 
 17.0 %
Operating income
$ 
5,211 
 5.9 %
 (10) % $ 
5,771 
 5.6 %
 24 % $ 
4,659 
 4.6 %
Net income
$ 
3,195 
 3.6 %
 32 % $ 
2,422 
 2.4 %
 (51) % $ 
4,942 
 4.9 %
Earnings per share attributable to Dell 
Technologies — diluted
$ 
4.36 
 35 % $ 
3.24 
 (48) % $ 
6.26 
Cash flow from operations
$ 
8,676 
 143 % $ 
3,565 
 (65) % $ 
10,307 
Non-GAAP Financial Information
Fiscal Year Ended
February 2, 2024
February 3, 2023
January 28, 2022
Dollars
% of Non-
GAAP
Net 
Revenue
%
Change
Dollars
% of Non-
GAAP
Net 
Revenue
%
Change
Dollars
% of Non-
GAAP
Net 
Revenue
(in millions, except percentages and per share amounts)
Non-GAAP net revenue:
Products
$ 
64,353 
 72.8 %
 (19) % $ 
79,250 
 77.5 %
 (1) % $ 
79,830 
 78.9 %
Services
 
24,072 
 27.2 %
 4 %  
23,051 
 22.5 %
 8 %  
21,399 
 21.1 %
Total non-GAAP net revenue
$ 
88,425 
 100.0 %
 (14) % $ 102,301 
 100.0 %
 1 % $ 101,229 
 100.0 %
Non-GAAP gross margin:
Products
$ 
11,442 
 17.8 %
 (17) % $ 
13,721 
 17.3 %
 3 % $ 
13,261 
 16.6 %
Services
 
10,002 
 41.6 %
 3 %  
9,706 
 42.1 %
 3 %  
9,423 
 44.0 %
Total non-GAAP gross margin
$ 
21,444 
 24.3 %
 (8) % $ 
23,427 
 22.9 %
 3 % $ 
22,684 
 22.4 %
Non-GAAP operating expenses
$ 
13,766 
 15.6 %
 (7) % $ 
14,790 
 14.5 %
 (1) % $ 
14,899 
 14.7 %
Non-GAAP operating income
$ 
7,678 
 8.7 %
 (11) % $ 
8,637 
 8.4 %
 11 % $ 
7,785 
 7.7 %
Non-GAAP net income
$ 
5,245 
 5.9 %
 (8) % $ 
5,727 
 5.6 %
 16 % $ 
4,924 
 4.9 %
Non-GAAP earnings per share 
attributable to Dell Technologies — 
diluted
$ 
7.13 
 (6) % $ 
7.61 
 22 % $ 
6.22 
Free cash flow
$ 
5,923 
 935 % $ 
572 
 (92) % $ 
7,552 
Adjusted free cash flow
$ 
5,607 
 266 % $ 
1,533 
 (81) % $ 
8,187 
Table of Contents
50

Non-GAAP product net revenue, non-GAAP services net revenue, non-GAAP net revenue, non-GAAP product gross margin, 
non-GAAP services gross margin, non-GAAP gross margin, non-GAAP operating expenses, non-GAAP operating income, 
non-GAAP net income, non-GAAP diluted earnings per share attributable to Dell Technologies, free cash flow, and adjusted 
free cash flow are not measurements of financial performance prepared in accordance with GAAP.  Non-GAAP financial 
measures as a percentage of revenue are calculated based on non-GAAP net revenue, where applicable.  See “Non-GAAP 
Financial Measures” for additional information about these non-GAAP financial measures, including our reasons for including 
these measures, material limitations with respect to the usefulness of the measures, and a reconciliation of each non-GAAP 
financial measure to the most directly comparable GAAP financial measure.
Overview
During Fiscal 2024, net revenue decreased by 14%, driven by declines in CSG net revenue and, to a lesser extent, ISG net 
revenue, which reflected the prolonged impact of global macroeconomic conditions on demand.  The decline in CSG net 
revenue was primarily attributable to a decrease in units sold within both commercial and consumer offerings, partially offset 
by an increase in the average selling prices of our commercial offerings.  ISG net revenue decreased as a result of a reduction in 
net revenue attributable to our servers and networking offerings and, to a lesser extent, our storage offerings.
Operating income and non-GAAP operating income decreased by 10% to $5.2 billion and 11% to $7.7 billion, respectively, 
during Fiscal 2024.  The decline in operating income and non-GAAP operating income was driven by a decrease in ISG 
operating income and, to a lesser extent, CSG operating income, which both declined primarily as a result of a decrease in net 
revenue that outpaced the favorable impacts of a decline in input costs and cost management measures.  The decline in ISG 
operating income was primarily attributable to decreases in our servers and networking offerings and, to a lesser extent, our 
storage offerings.  The decline in CSG operating income was driven by decreases in both commercial and consumer offerings.  
The decline in operating income was partially offset by decreases in other corporate expenses and amortization of intangibles.
During Fiscal 2024, both operating income and non-GAAP operating income as a percentage of net revenue increased 30 basis 
points to 5.9% and 8.7%, respectively.  These increases were due to an increase in gross margin as a percentage of net revenue, 
which was principally driven by a decline in input costs.  The increase in operating income and non-GAAP operating income as 
a percentage of net revenue was offset by an increase in operating expense rate, principally within ISG, that was attributable to 
a decrease in net revenue which outpaced the impact of continued cost management measures.
Cash provided by operating activities was $8.7 billion during Fiscal 2024, and was primarily driven by profitability coupled 
with strong inventory management and cash collections performance.  During Fiscal 2023, cash provided by operating activities 
was $3.6 billion, which primarily reflected profitability that was partially offset by the impact of working capital dynamics.  See 
“Liquidity, Cash Requirements, and Market Conditions” for additional information about our cash flow metrics.
Despite the near-term challenges driven by uncertainty in the macroeconomic environment, we continue to see opportunities to 
create value and grow as we respond to long-term demand for our IT solutions driven by a technology- and data-enabled world.  
We have demonstrated our ability to adjust to changing market conditions with complementary solutions and innovation across 
both segments of our business, an agile workforce, and the strength of our global supply chain.  As we continue to innovate and 
modernize our offerings, we believe that Dell Technologies is well-positioned for long-term profitable growth.
Net Revenue
During Fiscal 2024, net revenue decreased 14%, primarily driven by declines in CSG net revenue and, to a lesser extent, ISG 
net revenue.  See “Business Unit Results” for further information.
•
Product Net Revenue — Product net revenue includes revenue from the sale of hardware products and software licenses.  
During Fiscal 2024, product net revenue decreased 19%, due to declines in CSG product net revenue and, to a lesser extent, 
ISG product net revenue.  CSG product net revenue decreased primarily as a result of a decline in units sold, which 
impacted both our commercial and consumer offerings.  The decline in ISG product net revenue was primarily attributable 
to a decrease in product net revenue attributable to our servers and networking offerings driven by a decrease in units sold, 
and, to a lesser extent, a decline in our product net revenue attributable to storage offerings. 
Table of Contents
51

•
Services Net Revenue — Services net revenue includes revenue from our services offerings and support services related to 
hardware products and software licenses.  During Fiscal 2024, services net revenue increased 4%, driven primarily by 
growth within services net revenue attributable to CSG and other businesses.  The increase in services net revenue 
attributable to CSG was driven primarily by third-party software support and maintenance and hardware support and 
maintenance.  The increase in services net revenue attributable to other businesses was driven primarily by VMware 
software maintenance arrangements.  See “Introduction” for additional information about the impact of Broadcom’s 
acquisition of VMware on our relationship with VMware. 
A substantial portion of services net revenue is derived from offerings that have been deferred over a period of time, and, 
as a result, reported growth rates for services net revenue will be different than reported growth rates for product net 
revenue.  
From a geographical perspective, net revenue decreased in the Americas, EMEA, and APJ during Fiscal 2024, most notably 
within APJ.
Gross Margin
During Fiscal 2024, gross margin and non-GAAP gross margin both decreased 8% to $20.9 billion and $21.4 billion, 
respectively.  The declines were driven by decreases in both ISG and CSG gross margin that were primarily attributable to a 
decrease in net revenue, the effect of which was partially offset by lower input costs.
Both gross margin and non-GAAP gross margin percentage increased 140 basis points to 23.6% and 24.3%, respectively, 
during Fiscal 2024.  The increases were primarily attributable to the impacts of an overall decline in input costs coupled with an 
increase in average selling price across many of our offerings as we continued to exercise disciplined pricing in an increasingly 
competitive environment.
•
Product Gross Margin — During Fiscal 2024, product gross margin and non-GAAP product gross margin both decreased 
17% to $11.0 billion and $11.4 billion, respectively.  The decreases were primarily driven by declines in both ISG and 
CSG product gross margin, which were largely attributable to declines in product net revenue, partially offset by lower 
input costs.
During Fiscal 2024, product gross margin percentage and non-GAAP product gross margin percentage both increased 50 
basis points to 17.2% and 17.8%, respectively, primarily due to an increase in CSG product gross margin percentage.  CSG 
product gross margin percentage increased primarily as a result of the impacts of an overall decline in input costs coupled 
with an increase in average selling price across many of our product offerings.
•
Services Gross Margin — During Fiscal 2024, services gross margin and non-GAAP services gross margin increased 4% 
to $9.8 billion and 3% to $10.0 billion, respectively.  The increases were primarily attributable to growth within ISG 
services gross margin and, to a lesser extent, CSG services gross margin, that were driven by support and maintenance 
associated with products sold in prior periods.
During Fiscal 2024, services gross margin percentage decreased 30 basis points to 40.8% and non-GAAP services gross 
margin percentage decreased 50 basis points to 41.6%.  The decreases were driven primarily by a shift in mix of services 
delivered.
Vendor Programs
Our gross margin is affected by our ability to achieve competitive pricing with our vendors and contract manufacturers, 
including through our negotiation of a variety of vendor rebate programs to achieve lower net costs for the various components 
we include in our products.  Under these programs, vendors provide us with rebates or other discounts from the list prices for 
the components, which are generally elements of their pricing strategy.  We account for vendor rebates and other discounts as a 
reduction in cost of net revenue.  We manage our costs on a total net cost basis, which includes supplier list prices reduced by 
vendor rebates and other discounts.
Table of Contents
52

The terms and conditions of our vendor rebate programs are largely based on product volumes and are generally negotiated 
either at the beginning of the annual or quarterly period, depending on the program.  The timing and amount of vendor rebates 
and other discounts we receive under the programs may vary from period to period, reflecting changes in the competitive 
environment.  We monitor our component costs and seek to address the effects of any changes to terms that might arise under 
our vendor rebate programs.  Our gross margins for Fiscal 2024 were not materially affected by any changes to the terms of our 
vendor rebate programs, as the amounts we received under these programs were generally stable relative to our total net cost.  
We are not aware of any significant changes to our vendor rebate programs that will materially impact our results in the near 
term.
Operating Expenses
The following table presents information regarding our operating expenses for the periods indicated:
Fiscal Year Ended
February 2, 2024
February 3, 2023
January 28, 2022
Dollars
% of Net 
Revenue
%
Change
Dollars
% of Net 
Revenue
%
Change
Dollars
% of Net 
Revenue
(in millions, except percentages)
Operating expenses:
Selling, general, and 
administrative
$ 
12,857 
 14.5 %
 (9) % $ 
14,136 
 13.9 %
 (4) % $ 
14,655 
 14.5 %
Research and development
 
2,801 
 3.2 %
 1 %  
2,779 
 2.7 %
 8 %  
2,577 
 2.5 %
Total operating expenses
$ 
15,658 
 17.7 %
 (7) % $ 
16,915 
 16.6 %
 (2) % $ 
17,232 
 17.0 %
Fiscal Year Ended
February 2, 2024
February 3, 2023
January 28, 2022
Dollars
% of Net 
Revenue
%
Change
Dollars
% of Net 
Revenue
% 
Change
Dollars
% of Net 
Revenue
(in millions, except percentages)
Non-GAAP operating expenses
$ 
13,766 
 15.6 %
 (7) % $ 
14,790 
 14.5 %
 (1) % $ 
14,899 
 14.7 %
During Fiscal 2024, total operating expenses decreased 7%, due to a decline in selling, general, and administrative expenses.
•
Selling, General, and Administrative — During Fiscal 2024, selling, general, and administrative (“SG&A”) expenses 
decreased 9%, driven by a decrease in employee compensation and benefits expense, principally due to a decline in overall 
headcount and, to a lesser extent, a decrease in advertising and outside services expense as a result of continued disciplined 
cost management.
•
Research and Development — Research and development (“R&D”) expenses are primarily composed of personnel-related 
expenses incurred in connection with product development.  R&D expenses increased 1% during Fiscal 2024, principally 
due to an increase in R&D-related employee compensation and benefits expense, partially offset by a decrease in outside 
services as a result of continued disciplined cost management.  
As a percentage of net revenue, R&D expenses for Fiscal 2024 and Fiscal 2023 were 3.2% and 2.7%, respectively.  The 
increases in R&D expenses as a percentage of net revenue were attributable to continued R&D investments as we support 
R&D initiatives to innovate and introduce new and enhanced solutions into the market.
During Fiscal 2024, non-GAAP operating expenses decreased 7%, principally due to continued disciplined cost management 
which resulted in a decline in employee compensation and benefits, outside services, and advertising expenses, among other 
items. 
We continue to make strategic investments designed to enable growth, marketing, and R&D, while balancing our efforts to 
drive cost efficiencies in the business.  We also expect to continue making investments in support of our own digital 
transformation which aims to streamline and optimize our business processes. 
Table of Contents
53

Operating Income
Operating income and non-GAAP operating income decreased by 10% to $5.2 billion and 11% to $7.7 billion, respectively, 
during Fiscal 2024.  The decline in operating income and non-GAAP operating income was driven by a decrease in ISG 
operating income and, to a lesser extent, CSG operating income, which both declined primarily as a result of a decrease in net 
revenue that outpaced the favorable impacts of a decline in input costs and cost management measures.  The decline in ISG 
operating income was primarily attributable to decreases in our servers and networking offerings and, to a lesser extent, our 
storage offerings.  The decline in CSG operating income was driven by decreases in both commercial and consumer offerings.  
The decline in operating income was partially offset by decreases in other corporate expenses and amortization of intangibles.
During Fiscal 2024, both operating income and non-GAAP operating income as a percentage of net revenue increased 30 basis 
points to 5.9% and 8.7%, respectively.  These increases were due to an increase in gross margin as a percentage of net revenue, 
which was principally driven by a decline in input costs.  The increase in operating income and non-GAAP operating income as 
a percentage of net revenue was offset by an increase in operating expense rate, principally within ISG, that was attributable to 
a decrease in net revenue which outpaced the impact of continued cost management measures.
Interest and Other, Net
The following table presents information regarding interest and other, net for the periods indicated: 
Fiscal Year Ended
 
February 2, 2024
February 3, 2023
January 28, 2022
 
(in millions)
Interest and other, net:
 
 
Investment income, primarily interest
$ 
305 $ 
100 $ 
42 
Gain (loss) on investments, net
 
47  
(206)  
569 
Interest expense
 
(1,501)  
(1,222)  
(1,542) 
Foreign exchange
 
(199)  
(265)  
(221) 
Gain on disposition of businesses and assets
 
—  
—  
3,968 
Debt extinguishment gain (loss)
 
68  
—  
(1,572) 
Legal settlement, net
 
—  
(894)  
— 
Other
 
(44)  
(59)  
20 
Total interest and other, net
$ 
(1,324) $ 
(2,546) $ 
1,264 
The change in interest and other, net was favorable, primarily as a result of $0.9 billion of expense recognized in Fiscal 2023 in 
connection with an agreement to settle the Class V transaction litigation, coupled with a gain on investments and an increase in 
investment income during Fiscal 2024.  Favorable impacts within interest and other, net were partially offset by an increase in 
interest expense primarily associated with DFS securitization and structured financing programs.  See Note 12 to the Notes to 
the Consolidated Financial Statements for additional information about the settlement of the Class V transaction litigation.
Income and Other Taxes
The following table presents information regarding our income and other taxes for the periods indicated:
Fiscal Year Ended
February 2, 2024
February 3, 2023
January 28, 2022
(in millions, except percentages)
Income before income taxes
$ 
3,887 
$ 
3,225 
$ 
5,923 
Income tax expense
$ 
692 
$ 
803 
$ 
981 
Effective income tax rate
 17.8 %
 24.9 %
 16.6 %
Table of Contents
54

For Fiscal 2024 and Fiscal 2023, our effective income tax rate was 17.8% and 24.9%, respectively.  Changes related to our 
effective income tax rates for Fiscal 2024 as compared to Fiscal 2023 were primarily attributable to the tax impact of foreign 
operations and benefits from U.S. research and development tax credits.  In addition, our effective tax rate for Fiscal 2023 
included the impact of an expense recognized in connection with the agreement to settle the Class V transaction litigation 
described in Note 12 of the Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements.
Our effective income tax rate can fluctuate depending on the geographic distribution of our worldwide earnings, as our foreign 
earnings are generally taxed at lower rates than in the United States.  The differences between our effective income tax rates 
and the U.S. federal statutory rate of 21% principally result from the geographical distribution of income, differences between 
the book and tax treatment of certain items, and discrete tax items.  In certain jurisdictions, our tax rate is significantly less than 
the applicable statutory rate as a result of tax holidays.  The majority of our foreign income subject to these tax holidays is 
attributable to Singapore and China.  A significant portion of these income tax benefits relates to a tax holiday that will be 
effective until January 31, 2029.  Most of our other tax holidays will expire in whole or in part during Fiscal 2030 and Fiscal 
2031.  Many of these tax holidays and reduced tax rates may be extended when certain conditions are met or may be terminated 
early if certain conditions are not met or as a result of changes in tax legislation.  As of February 2, 2024, we were not aware of 
any matters of non-compliance or enacted tax legislative changes affecting these tax holidays.
Many countries have enacted or are in the process of enacting laws based on the Pillar Two proposal relating to global 
minimum tax issued by the Organisation for Economic Co-operation and Development (“OECD”).  While we expect our 
effective income tax rate and cash income tax payments could increase in future years as a result of the global minimum tax, we 
do not anticipate a material impact to our Fiscal 2025 consolidated results of operations.  Our assessment could be affected by 
legislative guidance and future enactment of additional provisions within the Pillar Two framework, particularly in countries in 
which we have tax holidays and incentives.  Our income tax benefit from tax holidays and incentives decreased the provision 
for income taxes by approximately $244 million ($0.33 per share) during Fiscal 2024.  
For further discussion regarding tax matters, including the status of income tax audits, see Note 13 of the Notes to the 
Consolidated Financial Statements included in this report. 
Net Income 
During Fiscal 2024, net income increased 32% to $3.2 billion, driven primarily by a favorable change in interest and other, net, 
partially offset by a decline in operating income.  
During Fiscal 2024, non-GAAP net income decreased 8% to $5.2 billion, driven by a decline in operating income, partially 
offset by a decline in income tax expense.
Table of Contents
55

Business Unit Results
Our reportable segments are based on the ISG and CSG business units.  A description of our business units is provided under 
“Introduction.”  See Note 19 of the Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements included in this report for a reconciliation of 
net revenue and operating income by reportable segment to consolidated net revenue and consolidated operating income, 
respectively.
Infrastructure Solutions Group
The following table presents net revenue and operating income attributable to ISG for the periods indicated:
Fiscal Year Ended
 
February 2, 
2024
% 
Change
February 3, 
2023
% 
Change
January 28, 
2022
(in millions, except percentages)
Net revenue:
Servers and networking
$ 
17,624 
 (14) % $ 
20,398 
 14 % $ 
17,901 
Storage
 
16,261 
 (9) %  
17,958 
 9 %  
16,465 
Total ISG net revenue
$ 
33,885 
 (12) % $ 
38,356 
 12 % $ 
34,366 
Operating income:
ISG operating income
$ 
4,286 
 (15) % $ 
5,045 
 35 % $ 
3,736 
% of segment net revenue
 12.6 %
 13.2 %
 10.9 %
Net Revenue — During Fiscal 2024, ISG net revenue decreased 12% driven primarily by servers and networking net revenue 
and, to a lesser extent, storage net revenue as global macroeconomic conditions continued to impact demand. 
Revenue from sales of servers and networking decreased 14% during Fiscal 2024, driven by a decrease in units sold, the effect 
of which was partially offset by an increase in the average selling prices of our server offerings.  The average selling price of 
our server offerings increased as a result of the impact of attached offerings and richer configurations.
During Fiscal 2024, storage net revenue decreased 9%, driven by a decline in net revenue across the majority of our storage 
offerings. 
From a geographical perspective, net revenue attributable to ISG decreased in the Americas, EMEA, and APJ during Fiscal 
2024.
Operating Income — During Fiscal 2024, ISG operating income as a percentage of net revenue decreased 60 basis points to 
12.6%, principally due to an increase in operating expenses as a percentage of net revenue.  Operating expenses as a percentage 
of net revenue increased as a result of a decline in revenue that outpaced the impact of continued cost management measures 
coupled with continued investment in research and development.  The impact of an increase in operating expenses as a 
percentage of net revenue was partially offset by an overall decline in input costs coupled with an increase in average selling 
price.
Table of Contents
56

Client Solutions Group
The following table presents net revenue and operating income attributable to CSG for the periods indicated:
Fiscal Year Ended
February 2, 
2024
% 
Change
February 3, 
2023
% 
Change
January 28, 
2022
 
(in millions, except percentages)
Net revenue:
Commercial
$ 
39,814 
 (13) % $ 
45,556 
 — % $ 
45,576 
Consumer
 
9,102 
 (28) %  
12,657 
 (20) %  
15,888 
Total CSG net revenue
$ 
48,916 
 (16) % $ 
58,213 
 (5) % $ 
61,464 
Operating income:
CSG operating income
$ 
3,512 
 (8) % $ 
3,824 
 (12) % $ 
4,365 
% of segment net revenue
 7.2 %
 6.6 %
 7.1 %
Net Revenue — During Fiscal 2024, CSG net revenue decreased 16% driven by a decline in units sold as global macroeconomic 
conditions continued to impact demand.
Commercial net revenue decreased 13% during Fiscal 2024.  The decline was primarily due to a decrease in units sold which 
was partially offset by the effect of an increase in the average selling prices of our commercial offerings.  Average selling prices 
of our commercial offerings increased primarily as a result of richer configurations and the mix of offerings sold.
Consumer net revenue decreased 28% during Fiscal 2024, principally due to a decrease in units sold and, to a lesser extent, a 
decline in the average selling price of our consumer offerings.  
From a geographical perspective, net revenue attributable to CSG decreased primarily in APJ and, to a lesser extent, in the 
Americas and EMEA during Fiscal 2024.
Operating Income — During Fiscal 2024, CSG operating income as a percentage of net revenue increased 60 basis points to 
7.2%, primarily due to the impact of an overall decrease in input costs coupled with an increase in the average selling prices of 
our commercial offerings, as described above.  The impact of these factors was partially offset by an increase in operating 
expenses as a percentage of net revenue, which increased as a result of a decline in CSG net revenue that outpaced the impact of 
continued cost management measures.
Table of Contents
57

OTHER BALANCE SHEET ITEMS
Accounts Receivable 
We sell products and services directly to customers and through a variety of sales channels, including retail distribution.  Our 
accounts receivable, net, was $9.3 billion and $12.5 billion as of February 2, 2024 and February 3, 2023, respectively.  The 
reduction in accounts receivable, net was driven primarily by a decline in net revenue coupled with strong collections.  We 
maintain an allowance for expected credit losses to cover receivables that may be deemed uncollectible.  The allowance for 
expected credit losses is an estimate based on an analysis of historical loss experience, current receivables aging, and 
management’s assessment of current conditions and its reasonable and supportable expectation of future conditions, as well as 
specific identifiable customer accounts that are deemed at risk.  As of February 2, 2024 and February 3, 2023, the allowance for 
expected credit losses was $71 million and $78 million, respectively.  Based on our assessment, we believe that we are 
adequately reserved for expected credit losses.  
Dell Financial Services and Financing Receivables
We offer or arrange various financing options and services for our customers globally, including through captive financing 
operations.  DFS originates, collects, and services customer receivables primarily related to the purchase of our product, 
software, and service solutions.  We further strengthen customer relationships through flexible consumption models, including 
utility, subscription, and as-a-Service models, which enable our customers the option to pay over time to provide them with 
financial and operational flexibility.  New financing originations were $8.4 billion, $9.7 billion, and $8.5 billion for Fiscal 
2024, Fiscal 2023, and Fiscal 2022 respectively. 
Our leases are generally classified as sales-type leases or operating leases.  On commencement of sales-type leases, we 
recognize profit up-front, and recognize amounts due from the customer under the lease contract as financing receivables.  
Interest income is recognized as net product revenue over the term of the lease.  Upon origination of operating leases, we record 
equipment under operating leases, classified as property, plant, and equipment.  We recognize product revenue and depreciation 
expense, classified as cost of net revenue, over the contract term.
As of February 2, 2024 and February 3, 2023, our financing receivables, net were $10.5 billion and $10.9 billion, respectively.  
The decline in financing receivables was driven primarily by the sale of our U.S. consumer revolving customer financing 
receivables portfolio.  See Note 6 of the Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements included in this report for additional 
information about the sale.  
We maintain an allowance to cover expected financing receivable credit losses and evaluate credit loss expectations based on 
our total portfolio.  For both Fiscal 2024 and Fiscal 2023, the principal charge-off rate for our financing receivables portfolio 
was 0.5% and for Fiscal 2022 was 0.6%.  The credit quality of our financing receivables has improved in recent years as the 
mix of high-quality commercial accounts in our portfolio has continued to increase.  We continue to monitor broader economic 
indicators and their potential impact on future credit loss performance.  We have an extensive process to manage our exposure 
to customer credit risk, including active management of credit lines and our collection activities.  We also sell selected fixed-
term financing receivables without recourse to unrelated third parties on a periodic basis, primarily to manage certain 
concentrations of customer credit exposure.  Based on our assessment of the customer financing receivables, we believe that we 
are adequately reserved.
We retain a residual interest in equipment leased under our lease programs.  As of February 2, 2024 and February 3, 2023, the 
residual interest recorded as part of financing receivables was $157 million and $142 million, respectively.  The amount of the 
residual interest is established at the inception of the lease based upon estimates of the value of the equipment at the end of the 
lease term using historical studies, industry data, and future value-at-risk demand valuation methods.  On a quarterly basis, we 
assess the carrying amount of our recorded residual values for expected losses.  Generally, expected losses as a result of 
residual value risk on equipment under lease are not considered to be significant primarily because of the existence of a 
secondary market with respect to the equipment.  Further, the lease agreement defines applicable return conditions and remedies 
for non-compliance to ensure that the leased equipment will be in good operating condition upon return.  No expected losses 
were recorded related to residual assets during Fiscal 2024 and Fiscal 2023.
Table of Contents
58

As of February 2, 2024 and February 3, 2023, equipment under operating leases, net was $2.2 billion.  We assess the carrying 
amount of the equipment under operating leases for impairment whenever events or circumstances may indicate that an 
impairment has occurred.  No material impairment losses were recorded related to such equipment during Fiscal 2024, Fiscal 
2023, and Fiscal 2022.
DFS offerings are initially funded through cash on hand at the time of origination, most of which is subsequently replaced with 
asset-backed financing.  For DFS offerings which qualify as sales-type leases, the initial funding of financing receivables is 
reflected as an impact to cash flows from operations and is largely subsequently offset by cash proceeds from financing.  For 
DFS operating leases, the initial funding is classified as a capital expenditure and reflected as an impact to cash flows used in 
investing activities.
See Note 6 of the Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements included in this report for additional information about our 
financing receivables and the associated allowances, and equipment under operating leases.
Table of Contents
59

LIQUIDITY, CASH REQUIREMENTS, AND MARKET CONDITIONS
Liquidity and Capital Resources
We rely on operating cash flows, which are impacted by trends in the demand environment, as our primary source of liquidity 
for our ongoing business operations.  We monitor the efficiency of our balance sheet to ensure that we have adequate liquidity 
to support our business and strategic initiatives.  
In addition to internally generated cash, we have access to other capital sources to finance our strategic initiatives and fund 
growth in our financing operations.  Our strategy is to deploy capital from any potential source, whether internally generated 
cash or debt, depending on the adequacy and availability of that source of capital and whether it can be accessed in a cost-
effective manner. 
We believe that our current cash and cash equivalents, together with cash that will be provided by future operations and 
borrowings expected to be available under our revolving credit facility and commercial paper program, will be sufficient over at 
least the next twelve months and for the foreseeable future thereafter to meet our material cash requirements, including funding 
of our operations, debt-related payments, capital expenditures, and other corporate needs. 
As part of our overall capital allocation strategy, we intend to return capital to our stockholders through both share repurchase 
programs and dividend payments and use the remaining available cash to drive growth and maintain our investment grade credit 
rating. 
The following table presents our cash and cash equivalents as well as our available borrowings as of the dates indicated: 
February 2, 2024
February 3, 2023
(in millions)
Cash and cash equivalents, and available borrowings:
Cash and cash equivalents
$ 
7,366 $ 
8,607 
Remaining available borrowings under 2021 Revolving Credit Facility
 
5,999  
5,999 
Total cash and cash equivalents, and available borrowings
$ 
13,365 $ 
14,606 
During Fiscal 2024, cash and cash equivalents decreased by $1.2 billion primarily due to the return of capital to our 
stockholders, capital expenditures, and the repayment of Senior Notes, the effect of which was partially offset by cash flows 
from operations.
As of February 2, 2024, our 2021 Revolving Credit Facility had a maximum capacity of $6.0 billion.  Available borrowings 
under this facility are reduced by draws on the facility and outstanding letters of credit.  As of February 2, 2024, there were no 
borrowings outstanding under the facility and remaining available borrowings totaled approximately $6.0 billion.  The 2021 
Revolving Credit Facility also acts as a backstop to provide liquidity support for our commercial paper program.
We maintain a commercial paper program under which we may issue unsecured notes in a maximum aggregate face amount of 
$5.0 billion outstanding at any time, with maturities up to 397 days from the date of issue.  As of February 2, 2024, we had no 
outstanding borrowings under the program.  
We may regularly use our available borrowings from the 2021 Revolving Credit Facility and issuances under the commercial 
paper program on a short-term basis for general corporate purposes.  See the following discussion for additional information 
about our debt.
 
Table of Contents
60

Debt
The following table presents our outstanding debt as of the dates indicated:
February 2, 2024
Change
February 3, 2023
(in millions)
Core debt
Senior Notes
$ 
15,607 $ 
(2,693) $ 
18,300 
Legacy Notes and Debentures 
 
952  
—  
952 
DFS allocated debt
 
(1,640)  
(444)  
(1,196) 
Total core debt 
 
14,919  
(3,137)  
18,056 
DFS related debt
DFS debt
 
9,492  
(798)  
10,290 
DFS allocated debt
 
1,640  
444  
1,196 
Total DFS related debt
 
11,132  
(354)  
11,486 
Other
 
171  
(154)  
325 
Total debt, principal amount
 
26,222  
(3,645)  
29,867 
Carrying value adjustments
 
(228)  
51  
(279) 
Total debt, carrying value
$ 
25,994 $ 
(3,594) $ 
29,588 
The outstanding principal amount of our debt decreased $3.6 billion to $26.2 billion as of February 2, 2024, driven primarily by 
the prepayment of $2.7 billion principal amount of Senior Notes and a reduction in DFS debt which was principally attributable 
to the prepayment and termination of our U.S. securitization facility for consumer revolving loans.
Subsequent to the close of Fiscal 2024, we issued $1.0 billion aggregate principal amount of 5.40% Senior Notes due 2034.  We 
intend to use the net proceeds of the issuance to prepay a portion of our outstanding 6.02% Senior Notes due 2026.
We define core debt as the total principal amount of our debt, less DFS related debt and other debt.  Our core debt was $14.9 
billion and $18.1 billion as of February 2, 2024 and February 3, 2023, respectively.  See Note 8 of the Notes to the 
Consolidated Financial Statements included in this report for additional information about our debt.
DFS related debt primarily represents debt from our securitization and structured financing programs.  Our risk of loss under 
these programs is limited to transferred lease and loan payments and associated equipment, as the credit holders have no 
recourse to Dell Technologies.
To fund expansion of the DFS business, we balance the use of the securitization and structured financing programs with other 
sources of liquidity.  We approximate the amount of our core debt used to fund the DFS business by applying a 7:1 debt-to-
equity ratio to the sum of our financing receivables balance and equipment under operating leases, net.  The debt-to-equity ratio 
is based on the underlying credit quality of the assets.  See Note 6 of the Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements 
included in this report for additional information about our DFS debt.
We believe we will continue to be able to make our debt principal and interest payments, including payment of short-term 
maturities, from existing and expected sources of cash, primarily from operating cash flows.  Cash used for debt principal and 
interest payments may include short-term borrowings under our commercial paper program, our revolving credit facility, or 
other borrowings.  Under our variable-rate debt, we could experience variations in our future interest expense from potential 
fluctuations in applicable reference rates, or from possible fluctuations in the level of DFS debt required to meet future demand 
for customer financing.  
At our sole discretion, we may purchase, redeem, prepay, refinance, or otherwise retire any amount of our outstanding 
indebtedness under the terms of such indebtedness at any time and from time to time, in open market or negotiated transactions 
with the holders of such indebtedness or otherwise, as we consider appropriate in light of market conditions and other relevant 
factors.
Table of Contents
61

Cash Flows
The following table presents a summary of our Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows for the periods indicated:
Fiscal Year Ended
 
February 2, 2024
February 3, 2023
January 28, 2022
(in millions)
Net change in cash from:
Operating activities
$ 
8,676 $ 
3,565 $ 
10,307 
Investing activities
 
(2,783)  
(3,024)  
1,306 
Financing activities
 
(7,094)  
(1,625)  
(16,609) 
Effect of exchange rate changes on cash, cash 
equivalents, and restricted cash
 
(186)  
(104)  
(106) 
Change in cash, cash equivalents, and restricted cash
$ 
(1,387) $ 
(1,188) $ 
(5,102) 
Operating Activities — Cash provided by operating activities was $8.7 billion during Fiscal 2024, and was primarily driven by 
profitability coupled with strong inventory management and cash collections performance.  Cash provided by operating 
activities also reflected the impact of the $0.9 billion net payment to settle the Class V transaction litigation and $0.4 billion in 
proceeds from the sale of our U.S. consumer revolving customer receivables portfolio.  During Fiscal 2023, cash provided by 
operating activities was $3.6 billion, which primarily reflected profitability that was partially offset by the impact of working 
capital dynamics.
Investing Activities — Investing activities primarily consist of cash used to fund capital expenditures for property, plant, and 
equipment inclusive of equipment under DFS operating leases and equipment used to support our as-a-Service offerings, which 
we refer to collectively as assets in a customer contract.  Additional activities include capitalized software development costs, 
acquisitions and divestitures, and the maturities, sales, and purchases of investments.  Cash used in investing activities was $2.8 
billion and $3.0 billion during Fiscal 2024 and Fiscal 2023, respectively, and was primarily applied to capital expenditures.  
 
Financing Activities — Financing activities primarily consist of the proceeds and repayments of debt and return of capital to our 
stockholders.  Cash used in financing activities was $7.1 billion during Fiscal 2024 and primarily consisted of principal 
repayments of our Senior Notes, repurchases of common stock, inclusive of payments to settle employee tax withholdings on 
stock-based compensation, and the payment of quarterly dividends.  During Fiscal 2023, cash used in financing activities was 
$1.6 billion and primarily consisted of repurchases of common stock, inclusive of payments to settle employee tax withholdings 
on stock-based compensation, and the payment of quarterly dividends.
DFS Cash Flow Impacts — DFS offerings are initially funded through cash on hand at the time of origination, most of which is 
subsequently replaced with asset-backed financing.  For DFS offerings that qualify as sales-type leases, the initial funding of 
financing receivables is reflected as an impact to cash flows from operations and is largely subsequently offset by cash proceeds 
from financing.  For operating leases, the initial funding is classified as a capital expenditure and reflected as cash flows used in 
investing activities.  DFS new financing originations were $8.4 billion, $9.7 billion, and $8.5 billion during Fiscal 2024, Fiscal 
2023, and Fiscal 2022 respectively.  As of February 2, 2024, the Company had $10.5 billion of total net financing receivables 
and $2.2 billion of equipment under operating leases, net.
Supply Chain Finance Program — We maintain a Supply Chain Finance Program (the "SCF Program”) that enables eligible 
suppliers to sell receivables due from us to a third-party financial institution at the suppliers’ sole discretion.  The SCF Program 
does not impact our liquidity, as payments by us to participating suppliers are remitted to the financial institution on the original 
invoice due date.  Further, we negotiate payment terms with our suppliers regardless of their decision to participate in the SCF 
Program.  Payments made under the SCF Program are included in cash flows from operating activities on the Consolidated 
Statements of Cash Flows.  See Note 21 of the Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements included in this report for more 
information regarding the SCF Program.
Table of Contents
62

Material Capital Commitments and Cash Requirements
The Company’s material capital commitments include the following:
Capital Expenditures — We spent $2.8 billion and $3.0 billion during Fiscal 2024 and Fiscal 2023, respectively, on property, 
plant, and equipment and capitalized software development costs.  Of total expenditures incurred, funding of assets in a 
customer contract totaled $1.2 billion and $1.5 billion during Fiscal 2024 and Fiscal 2023, respectively.  Product demand, 
product mix, the use of contract manufacturers, and ongoing investments in operating and information technology 
infrastructure influence the level and prioritization of our capital expenditures.
Repurchases of Common Stock — Effective as of September 23, 2021, our Board of Directors approved a stock repurchase 
program with no fixed expiration date under which we are authorized to repurchase up to $5.0 billion of shares of our Class C 
Common Stock.  Effective as of October 5, 2023, the Company’s Board of Directors approved the repurchase of an additional 
$5.0 billion of shares of the Class C Common Stock with no fixed expiration date.  Following the additional approval, the 
Company had approximately $5.7 billion in cumulative authorized amount remaining under the stock repurchase program.
During Fiscal 2024, the Company repurchased approximately 34 million shares of Class C Common Stock for a total 
purchase price of approximately $2.1 billion.  During Fiscal 2023, the Company repurchased approximately 62 million shares 
of Class C Common Stock for a total purchase price of approximately $2.8 billion.
Dividend Payments — During Fiscal 2024 and Fiscal 2023, the Company paid $1.1 billion and $1.0 billion, respectively, in 
dividends and dividend equivalents at a rate of $0.37 per share per fiscal quarter and $0.33 per share per fiscal quarter, 
respectively.  
On February 29, 2024, subsequent to the close of Fiscal 2024, we announced that the Board of Directors approved a 20% 
increase in the dividend rate to $0.445 per share per fiscal quarter beginning in the first quarter of Fiscal 2025.
Additionally, the Company’s material cash requirements include the following contractual obligations:
Debt — Our expected principal cash payments on borrowings are exclusive of discounts and premiums.  As of February 2, 
2024, the Company had outstanding debt for an aggregate principal amount of $26.2 billion, with $7.0 billion payable within 
12 months.  Included within the aggregate principal amount was $16.7 billion of outstanding long-term notes with varying 
maturities, with $1.1 billion payable within 12 months, and $9.5 billion of DFS debt, with $5.9 billion payable within 12 
months. 
As of February 2, 2024, future interest payments associated with outstanding debt were $7.4 billion, with $1.2 billion payable 
within 12 months.  Included within total future interest payments is $6.9 billion of payments related to outstanding long-term 
notes, with $0.9 billion payable within 12 months, and $0.5 billion of payments related to our DFS debt, with $0.3 billion 
payable within 12 months.
Purchase Obligations — Purchase obligations are defined as contractual obligations to purchase goods or services that are 
enforceable and legally binding on us.  These obligations specify all significant terms, including fixed or minimum quantities 
to be purchased; fixed, minimum, or variable price provisions; and the approximate timing of the transaction.  Purchase 
obligations do not include contracts that may be canceled without penalty.
We utilize several suppliers to manufacture sub-assemblies for our products.  Our efficient supply chain management allows 
us to enter into flexible and mutually beneficial purchase arrangements with our suppliers in order to minimize inventory risk.  
Consistent with industry practice, we acquire raw materials or other goods and services, including product components, by 
issuing to suppliers authorizations to purchase based on our projected demand and manufacturing needs.  These purchase 
orders are typically fulfilled within 30 days and are entered into during the ordinary course of business in order to establish 
best pricing and continuity of supply for our production.  Purchase orders are not included in purchase obligations, as they 
typically represent our authorization to purchase rather than binding purchase obligations.
As of February 2, 2024, the Company had purchase obligations of $5.0 billion, with $4.4 billion payable within 12 months.
Table of Contents
63

Operating Leases — We lease property and equipment, manufacturing facilities, and office space under non-cancelable 
leases.  Certain of these leases obligate us to pay taxes, maintenance, and repair costs.  As of February 2, 2024, the Company 
had operating lease obligations of $0.9 billion, with $0.3 billion payable within 12 months.  See Note 7 of the Notes to the 
Consolidated Financial Statements included in this report for additional information about our leasing transactions in which 
we are the lessee.
Tax Obligations — Tax obligations represent a one-time mandatory deemed repatriation tax on undistributed earnings of 
foreign subsidiaries.  As of February 2, 2024, the balance of tax obligations was $108 million, with $48 million payable 
within 12 months.  Excluded from the amounts above are $1.3 billion in additional liabilities associated with uncertain tax 
positions as of February 2, 2024.  We are unable to reliably estimate the expected payment dates for any liabilities for 
uncertain tax positions.  See Note 13 of the Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements included in this report for more 
information regarding these tax matters.
Market Conditions
We regularly monitor economic conditions and associated impacts on the financial markets and our business.  We consistently 
evaluate the financial health of our supplier base, carefully manage customer credit, diversify counterparty risk, and monitor the 
concentration risk of our cash and cash equivalents balances globally.  We routinely monitor our financial exposure to 
borrowers and counterparties.
We monitor credit risk associated with our financial counterparties using various market credit risk indicators such as credit 
ratings issued by nationally recognized credit rating agencies and changes in market credit default swap levels.  We perform 
periodic evaluations of our positions with these counterparties and may limit exposure to any one counterparty in accordance 
with our policies.  We monitor and manage these activities depending on current and expected market developments. 
We use derivative instruments to hedge certain foreign currency exposures.  We use forward contracts and purchased options 
designated as cash flow hedges to protect against the foreign currency exchange rate risks inherent in our forecasted 
transactions denominated in currencies other than the U.S. dollar.  In addition, we primarily use forward contracts and may use 
purchased options to hedge monetary assets and liabilities denominated in a foreign currency.  See Note 9 of the Notes to the 
Consolidated Financial Statements included in this report for additional information about our use of derivative instruments.
We are exposed to interest rate risk related to our variable-rate debt portfolio.  In the normal course of business we follow 
established policies and procedures to manage this risk, including monitoring of our asset and liability mix and the use of 
derivative instruments.  As a result, we do not anticipate any material losses from interest rate risk.
Table of Contents
64

Summarized Guarantor Financial Information
Dell International L.L.C. and EMC Corporation (the “Issuers”), both of which are wholly-owned subsidiaries of Dell 
Technologies Inc., completed private offerings of multiple series of senior secured notes issued on June 1, 2016, March 20, 
2019, and April 9, 2020 (the “Senior Secured Notes”).  The Senior Secured Notes became unsecured obligations following the 
release of the collateral securing such Senior Secured Notes during Fiscal 2022.  On December 13, 2021, the Issuers completed 
a private offering of senior unsecured notes (together with the Senior Secured Notes, the “Unregistered Senior Notes”).  
In June 2021 and September 2023, the Issuers completed exchange offers in which they issued $18.4 billion and $2.1 billion, 
respectively, in aggregate principal amount of registered senior notes under the Securities Act of 1933 (the “Exchange Notes”) 
in exchange for the same principal amount and substantially identical terms of the Senior Notes.  
On January 24, 2023, the Issuers completed a public offering of unsecured senior notes (together with the Exchange Notes, the 
“Senior Notes”) in the aggregate principal amount of $2.0 billion.  The unsecured senior notes were sold pursuant to a shelf 
registration statement.  
Guarantees — The Senior Notes are guaranteed on a joint and several unsecured basis by Dell Technologies Inc. and its 
wholly-owned subsidiaries, Denali Intermediate, Inc. and Dell Inc. (collectively, the “Guarantors”). 
Basis of Preparation of the Summarized Financial Information — The tables below are summarized financial information 
provided in conformity with Rule 13-01 of the SEC’s Regulation S-X.  The summarized financial information of the Issuers and 
Guarantors (collectively, the “Obligor Group”) is presented on a combined basis, excluding intercompany balances and 
transactions between entities in the Obligor Group.  The Obligor Group’s investment balances in Non-Obligor Subsidiaries 
have been excluded.  The Obligor Group’s amounts due from, amounts due to, and transactions with Non-Obligor Subsidiaries 
have been presented separately.  The Obligor Group’s transactions with VMware LLC (formerly “VMware, Inc.” and 
individually and together with its subsidiaries, “VMware”) and its consolidated subsidiaries (the “Related Party”) have been 
presented separately through November 21, 2023, the date immediately prior to Broadcom, Inc.’s acquisition of VMware, 
effective upon which the related party relationship terminated. 
The following table presents summarized results of operations information for the Obligor Group for the period indicated:
Fiscal Year Ended
February 2, 2024
(in millions)
Net revenue (a)
$ 
9,198 
Gross margin (b)
 
4,029 
Operating income
 
983 
Interest and other, net (c)
 
(3,739) 
Loss before income taxes
$ 
(2,756) 
Net loss attributable to Obligor Group
$ 
(2,055) 
____________________
(a) Includes net revenue from products and services sold to Non-Obligor Subsidiaries of $850 million and $121 million, 
respectively.
(b) Includes cost of net revenue from the resale of solutions purchased from Non-Obligor Subsidiaries for the fiscal year and 
from the Related Party through November 21, 2023, of $948 million and $298 million, respectively.  Includes cost of net 
revenue from shared services provided by Non-Obligor Subsidiaries of $570 million.
(c) Includes interest expense on intercompany loan payables of $2,172 million and other expenses from services provided by 
Non-Obligor Subsidiaries of $87 million.
Table of Contents
65

The following table presents summarized balance sheet information for the Obligor Group as of the dates indicated:
February 2, 2024
February 3, 2023
(in millions)
ASSETS
Current assets
$ 
2,631 $ 
2,972 
Intercompany receivables
 
281  
595 
Due from related party, net
 
—  
312 
Short-term intercompany loan receivables
 
92  
227 
Total current assets
 
3,004  
4,106 
Due from related party, net
 
—  
440 
Goodwill and intangible assets
 
14,447  
14,818 
Other non-current assets
 
3,437  
3,009 
Total assets
$ 
20,888 $ 
22,373 
LIABILITIES
Current liabilities
$ 
5,255 $ 
6,611 
Due to related party
 
—  
110 
Total current liabilities
 
5,255  
6,721 
Long-term debt
 
15,353  
17,996 
Intercompany loan payables
 
41,617  
38,896 
Other non-current liabilities
 
3,473  
3,891 
Total liabilities
$ 
65,698 $ 
67,504 
Table of Contents
66

Critical Accounting Estimates
We prepare our financial statements in conformity with GAAP, which requires certain estimates, assumptions, and judgments 
to be made that may affect our Consolidated Statements of Financial Position and Consolidated Statements of Income.  
Accounting policies that have a significant impact on our Consolidated Financial Statements are described in Note 2 of the 
Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements included in this report.  The accounting estimates and assumptions discussed in 
this section are those that we consider to be the most critical.  We consider an accounting policy to be critical if the nature of the 
estimate or assumption is subject to a material level of judgment and if changes in those estimates or assumptions are 
reasonably likely to materially impact our Consolidated Financial Statements.  We have discussed the development, selection, 
and disclosure of our critical accounting policies with the Audit Committee of our Board of Directors.
Revenue Recognition — We sell a wide portfolio of products and services offerings to our customers.  Our agreements have 
varying terms and conditions depending on the goods and services being sold, the rights and obligations conveyed, and the legal 
jurisdiction of the arrangement.  While most of our agreements have standard terms and conditions, more complex agreements 
may contain nonstandard terms and conditions.  There are significant judgments in interpreting agreements to determine the 
appropriate accounting for nonstandard terms and conditions.
Our contracts with customers often include multiple performance obligations for various distinct goods and services such as 
hardware, software licenses, support and maintenance agreements, and other service offerings and solutions.  We use significant 
judgment to assess whether these promises are distinct performance obligations that should be accounted for separately.  In 
certain hardware solutions, the hardware is highly interdependent on, and interrelated with, the embedded software.  In these 
offerings, the hardware and software licenses are accounted for as a single performance obligation.
The transaction price reflects the amount of consideration to which we expect to be entitled in exchange for transferring goods 
or services to the customer.  If the consideration promised in a contract includes a variable amount, we estimate the amount to 
which we expect to be entitled using either the expected value or most likely amount method.  Estimates are updated each 
reporting period as the variability is resolved or if additional information becomes available.  Generally, volume discounts, 
rebates, and sales returns reduce the transaction price.  When we determine the transaction price, we only include amounts that 
are not subject to significant future reversal.
When a contract includes multiple performance obligations, the transaction price is allocated to each performance obligation in 
proportion to the standalone selling price (“SSP”) of each performance obligation.  
Judgment is required when determining the SSP of our performance obligations.  If the observable price is available, we utilize 
that price for the SSP.  If the observable price is not available, the SSP must be estimated.  We estimate SSP by considering 
multiple factors, including, but not limited to, pricing practices, internal costs, and profit objectives as well as overall market 
conditions, which include geographic or regional specific factors, competitive positioning, and competitor actions.  Our SSP 
estimates rely, in part, on company pricing trends.  Market conditions could impact the selling price in the current period which 
may not be reflective of trends, and could lead to revenue timing, classification, and segment differences when compared to 
similar contracts in other periods.  SSP for our performance obligations is periodically reassessed.
For transactions that involve a third party, the Company evaluates whether it is acting as the principal or the agent in the 
transaction.  This determination requires significant judgment and impacts the amount and timing of revenue recognized.  If the 
Company determines that it controls a good or service before it is transferred to the customer, the Company is acting as the 
principal and recognizes revenue at the gross amount of consideration it is entitled to from the customer.  Indicators that the 
Company controls a good or service before transferring to a customer include, but are not limited to, the Company being the 
primary obligor to the customer, establishing its own pricing, and having inventory and credit risks.
Goodwill and Indefinite-Lived Intangible Assets Impairment Assessments — Goodwill and indefinite-lived intangible assets are 
tested for impairment annually during the third fiscal quarter and whenever events or circumstances may indicate that an 
impairment has occurred.
To determine whether goodwill is impaired, we first assess certain qualitative factors.  Qualitative factors that may be assessed 
include, but are not limited to, macroeconomic conditions, industry and market considerations, cost factors, overall financial 
performance, or other relevant company-specific events.  Based on this assessment, if it is determined to be more likely than not 
that the fair value of a goodwill reporting unit is less than its carrying amount, we perform a quantitative analysis of the 
goodwill impairment test.  Alternatively, we may bypass the qualitative assessment and perform a quantitative impairment test. 
Table of Contents
67

Significant judgment is exercised in the identification of goodwill reporting units, assignment of assets and liabilities to 
goodwill reporting units, assignment of goodwill to reporting units, and determination of the fair value of each goodwill 
reporting unit.  The fair value of each of our goodwill reporting units is generally estimated using a combination of public 
company multiples and discounted cash flow methodologies, which is then compared to the carrying value of each goodwill 
reporting unit.  The discounted cash flow and public company multiples methodologies require significant judgment, including 
estimation of future revenues, gross margins, and operating expenses, which are dependent on internal forecasts, current and 
anticipated economic conditions and trends, selection of market multiples through assessment of the reporting unit’s 
performance relative to peer competitors, the estimation of the long-term revenue growth rate and discount rate of our business, 
and the determination of our weighted average cost of capital.  Changes in these estimates and assumptions could materially 
affect the fair value of the goodwill reporting unit, potentially resulting in a non-cash impairment charge. 
The fair value of the indefinite-lived intangible assets is generally estimated using discounted cash flow methodologies.  The 
discounted cash flow methodologies require significant judgment, including estimation of future revenue, the estimation of the 
long-term revenue growth rate of our business, and the determination of the weighted average cost of capital and royalty rates.  
Changes in these estimates and assumptions could materially affect the fair value of the indefinite-lived intangible assets, 
potentially resulting in a non-cash impairment charge.
For our annual impairment test during the third fiscal quarter of Fiscal 2024, during which the Company elected to 
quantitatively test the Infrastructure Solutions Group and Client Solutions Group reporting units, we determined that the fair 
value of each of these reporting units substantially exceeded its carrying amount.  For more information about our goodwill and 
intangible assets, see Note 10 of the Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements included in this report.
Income Taxes — We are subject to income tax in the United States and numerous foreign jurisdictions.  Significant judgments 
are required in determining the consolidated provision for income taxes.  We calculate a provision for income taxes using the 
asset and liability method, under which deferred tax assets and liabilities are recognized by identifying the temporary 
differences arising from the different treatment of items for tax and accounting purposes.  We account for the tax impact of 
including Global Intangible Low-Taxed Income (GILTI) in U.S. taxable income as a period cost.  We provide related valuation 
allowances for deferred tax assets, where appropriate.  Significant judgment is required in determining any valuation allowance 
against deferred tax assets.  In assessing the need for a valuation allowance, we consider all available evidence for each 
jurisdiction, including past operating results, estimates of future taxable income, and the feasibility of ongoing tax planning 
strategies.  In the event we determine that all or part of the net deferred tax assets are not realizable in the future, we will make 
an adjustment to the valuation allowance that would be charged to earnings in the period such determination is made.
Significant judgment is also required in evaluating our uncertain tax positions.  Although we believe our tax return positions are 
sustainable, we recognize tax benefits from uncertain tax positions in the financial statements only when it is more likely than 
not that the positions will be sustained upon examination, including resolution of any related appeals or litigation processes, 
based on the technical merits and a consideration of the relevant taxing authority’s administrative practices and precedents.  To 
the extent that the final tax outcome of these matters is different from the amounts recorded, such differences will impact the 
provision for income taxes in the period in which such determination is made.  The provision for income taxes includes the 
impact of reserve provisions and changes to reserves that are considered appropriate, as well as the related net interest and 
penalties.  We believe we have provided adequate reserves for all uncertain tax positions.
Legal and Other Contingencies — The outcomes of legal proceedings and claims brought against us are subject to significant 
uncertainty.  An estimated loss from a loss contingency such as a legal proceeding or claim is accrued by a charge to income if 
it is probable that an asset has been impaired or a liability has been incurred and the amount of the loss can be reasonably 
estimated.  In determining whether a loss should be accrued, we evaluate, among other factors, the degree of probability of an 
unfavorable outcome and the ability to make a reasonable estimate of the amount of loss.  Significant judgment is required in 
determining whether a loss should be accrued, and changes in these factors could materially impact our Consolidated Financial 
Statements.
Table of Contents
68

Inventories — We state our inventory at the lower of cost or net realizable value.  We record a write-down for inventories of 
components and products, including third-party products held for resale, which have become obsolete or are in excess of 
anticipated demand or net realizable value.  We perform a detailed review of inventory each fiscal quarter that considers 
multiple factors, including demand forecasts, product life cycle status, product development plans, current sales levels, product 
pricing, and component cost trends.  The industries in which we compete are subject to demand changes.  If future demand or 
market conditions for our products are less favorable than forecasted, or if unforeseen technological changes negatively impact 
the utility of component inventory, we may be required to record additional write-downs, which would adversely affect our 
gross margin.
Recently Issued Accounting Pronouncements
See Note 2 of the Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements included in this report for a summary of recently issued 
accounting pronouncements that are applicable to our Consolidated Financial Statements.
Table of Contents
69

ITEM 7A — QUANTITATIVE AND QUALITATIVE DISCLOSURES ABOUT MARKET RISK
Dell Technologies is exposed to a variety of market risks, including risks associated with foreign currency exchange rate 
fluctuations, interest rate changes affecting its variable-rate debt, and changes in the market value of equity investments.  In the 
normal course of business, Dell Technologies employs established policies and procedures to manage these risks.
Foreign Currency Risk
During Fiscal 2024, the principal foreign currencies in which Dell Technologies transacted business were the Euro, Chinese 
Renminbi, Japanese Yen, British Pound, Canadian Dollar, and Australian Dollar.  The objective of Dell Technologies in 
managing its exposures to foreign currency exchange rate fluctuations is to reduce the impact of adverse fluctuations associated 
with foreign currency exchange rate changes on earnings and cash flows.  Accordingly, Dell Technologies utilizes foreign 
currency option contracts and forward contracts to hedge its exposure on forecasted transactions and firm commitments for 
certain currencies.  Dell Technologies monitors its foreign currency exchange exposures to ensure the overall effectiveness of 
its foreign currency hedge positions.  However, there can be no assurance that the foreign currency hedging activities will 
continue to substantially offset the impact of fluctuations in currency exchange rates on Dell Technologies’ results of operations 
and financial position in the future.
Based on the outstanding foreign currency hedge instruments of Dell Technologies, which include designated and non-
designated instruments, there was a maximum potential one-day loss in fair value at a 95% confidence level of approximately 
$15 million as of February 2, 2024, and $37 million as of February 3, 2023, using a Value-at-Risk (“VAR”) model.  By using 
market implied rates and incorporating volatility and correlation among the currencies of a portfolio, the VAR model simulates 
10,000 randomly generated market prices and calculates the difference between the fifth percentile and the average as the 
Value-at-Risk.  The VAR model is a risk estimation tool and is not intended to represent actual losses in fair value that could be 
incurred.  Additionally, as Dell Technologies utilizes foreign currency instruments for hedging forecasted and firmly committed 
transactions, a loss in fair value for those instruments is generally offset by increases in the value of the underlying exposure.
Interest Rate Risk
Dell Technologies is primarily exposed to interest rate risk related to its variable-rate debt portfolio and fixed-rate debt which 
has been converted to variable-rate debt through the use of derivative instruments.  As of February 2, 2024, interest rate risk 
exposure is related to DFS borrowings.
DFS debt represents borrowings under securitization programs and structured financing programs that facilitate the funding of 
leases, loans, and other alternative payment structures.  Amounts outstanding under these facilities generally bear interest at 
variable rates equal to applicable margins plus specified base rates.  Interest expense on such borrowings is recognized within 
interest and other, net whereas interest income on the underlying assets is recognized to net revenue over time.  The Company 
uses interest rate swaps to hedge the variability in cash flows related to the interest rate payments on such borrowings.  These 
contracts are not designated for hedge accounting and mark-to-market adjustments are recognized immediately within interest 
and other, net. 
Dell Technologies’ interest rate risk exposure is limited to fluctuations in interest rates on unhedged borrowings where we do 
not mitigate the interest rate risk through the use of interest rate swaps. 
As of February 2, 2024, borrowings exposed to interest rate fluctuations were $3.3 billion, relative to total borrowings of $26.0 
billion, and accrued interest at an annual rate between 2.45% and 6.88%.  Based on this debt outstanding as of February 2, 
2024, a 100 basis point increase in interest rates would have resulted in an increase of approximately $33 million in annual 
interest expense.  
By comparison, as of February 3, 2023, borrowings exposed to interest rate fluctuations were $5 billion relative to total 
borrowings of $29.6 billion, and accrued interest at an annual rate between 2.49% and 6.58%.  Based on this debt outstanding 
as of February 3, 2023, a 100 basis point increase in interest rates would have resulted in an increase of approximately 
$50 million in annual interest expense.
For more information about our debt and use of derivative instruments, see Note 6, Note 8, and Note 9 of the Notes to the 
Consolidated Financial Statements included in this report.
Table of Contents
70

Transition from LIBOR to Alternative Reference Rates — The ICE Benchmark Administration Limited, the administrator of 
LIBOR, ceased publication for the one-week and two-month USD LIBOR settings on December 31, 2021, and began phasing 
out the remaining USD LIBOR settings on July 1, 2023.  We have completed our transition of impacted contracts linked to 
LIBOR to alternative reference rates.
Equity Price Risk
Strategic Investments — Our strategic investments include early-stage, privately-held companies that are considered to be in the 
start-up or development stages and are inherently risky.  The technologies or products these companies have under development 
are typically in the early stages and may never materialize, which could result in a loss of a substantial part of our initial 
investment in the companies.  We record these investments at cost, less impairment, adjusted for observable price changes.  The 
evaluation is based on information provided by these companies, which are not subject to the same disclosure obligations as 
U.S. publicly-traded companies, and as such, the basis for these evaluations is subject to the timing and accuracy of the data 
provided.  As of both February 2, 2024 and February 3, 2023, we held strategic investments in non-marketable securities of 
$1.3 billion.
See Note 5 of the Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements included in this report for additional information.
Table of Contents
71

ITEM 8 — FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
Index
Page
Report of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm (Public Company Accounting Oversight Board ID: 238)
73
Consolidated Statements of Financial Position as of February 2, 2024 and February 3, 2023
75
Consolidated Statements of Income for the fiscal years ended February 2, 2024, February 3, 2023,  and January 28, 
2022
76
Consolidated Statements of Comprehensive Income for the fiscal years ended February 2, 2024, February 3, 2023, 
and January 28, 2022
77
Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows for the fiscal years ended February 2, 2024, February 3, 2023, and January 
28, 2022
78
Consolidated Statements of Stockholders’ Equity (Deficit) for the fiscal years ended February 2, 2024, February 3, 
2023, and January 28, 2022
80
Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
83
Note 1 — Overview and Basis of Presentation
83
Note 2 — Summary of Significant Accounting Policies
84
Note 3 — Discontinued Operations
94
Note 4 — Fair Value Measurements
96
Note 5 — Investments
98
Note 6 — Financial Services
100
Note 7 — Leases
108
Note 8 — Debt
110
Note 9 — Derivative Instruments and Hedging Activities
113
Note 10 — Goodwill and Intangible Assets
118
Note 11 — Deferred Revenue
120
Note 12 — Commitments and Contingencies
121
Note 13 — Income and Other Taxes
124
Note 14 — Accumulated Other Comprehensive Income (Loss)
130
Note 15 — Capitalization
132
Note 16 — Earnings Per Share
134
Note 17 — Stock-Based Compensation
135
Note 18 — Retirement Plan Benefits
139
Note 19 — Segment Information
141
Note 20 — Related Party Transactions
144
Note 21 — Supplemental Consolidated Financial Information
147
Note 22 — Government Assistance
150
Note 23 — Subsequent Events
151
Table of Contents
72

Report of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm
To the Board of Directors and Stockholders of Dell Technologies Inc.
Opinions on the Financial Statements and Internal Control over Financial Reporting
We have audited the accompanying consolidated statements of financial position of Dell Technologies Inc. and its subsidiaries 
(the “Company”) as of February 2, 2024 and February 3, 2023, and the related consolidated statements of income, of 
comprehensive income, of stockholders’ equity (deficit) and of cash flows for each of the three years in the period ended 
February 2, 2024, including the related notes (collectively referred to as the “consolidated financial statements”).  We also have 
audited the Company's internal control over financial reporting as of February 2, 2024, based on criteria established in Internal 
Control - Integrated Framework (2013) issued by the Committee of Sponsoring Organizations of the Treadway Commission 
(COSO).  
In our opinion, the consolidated financial statements referred to above present fairly, in all material respects, the financial 
position of the Company as of February 2, 2024 and February 3, 2023, and the results of its operations and its cash flows for 
each of the three years in the period ended February 2, 2024 in conformity with accounting principles generally accepted in the 
United States of America.  Also in our opinion, the Company maintained, in all material respects, effective internal control over 
financial reporting as of February 2, 2024, based on criteria established in Internal Control - Integrated Framework (2013) 
issued by the COSO.
Basis for Opinions
The Company's management is responsible for these consolidated financial statements, for maintaining effective internal 
control over financial reporting, and for its assessment of the effectiveness of internal control over financial reporting, included 
in Management’s Annual Report on Internal Control Over Financial Reporting appearing under Item 9A.  Our responsibility is 
to express opinions on the Company’s consolidated financial statements and on the Company's internal control over financial 
reporting based on our audits.  We are a public accounting firm registered with the Public Company Accounting Oversight 
Board (United States) (PCAOB) and are required to be independent with respect to the Company in accordance with the U.S. 
federal securities laws and the applicable rules and regulations of the Securities and Exchange Commission and the PCAOB.
We conducted our audits in accordance with the standards of the PCAOB.  Those standards require that we plan and perform 
the audits to obtain reasonable assurance about whether the consolidated financial statements are free of material misstatement, 
whether due to error or fraud, and whether effective internal control over financial reporting was maintained in all material 
respects.
Our audits of the consolidated financial statements included performing procedures to assess the risks of material misstatement 
of the consolidated financial statements, whether due to error or fraud, and performing procedures that respond to those risks.  
Such procedures included examining, on a test basis, evidence regarding the amounts and disclosures in the consolidated 
financial statements.  Our audits also included evaluating the accounting principles used and significant estimates made by 
management, as well as evaluating the overall presentation of the consolidated financial statements.  Our audit of internal 
control over financial reporting included obtaining an understanding of internal control over financial reporting, assessing the 
risk that a material weakness exists, and testing and evaluating the design and operating effectiveness of internal control based 
on the assessed risk.  Our audits also included performing such other procedures as we considered necessary in the 
circumstances.  We believe that our audits provide a reasonable basis for our opinions.
Definition and Limitations of Internal Control over Financial Reporting
A company’s internal control over financial reporting is a process designed to provide reasonable assurance regarding the 
reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally 
accepted accounting principles.  A company’s internal control over financial reporting includes those policies and procedures 
that (i) pertain to the maintenance of records that, in reasonable detail, accurately and fairly reflect the transactions and 
dispositions of the assets of the company; (ii) provide reasonable assurance that transactions are recorded as necessary to permit 
preparation of financial statements in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles, and that receipts and 
expenditures of the company are being made only in accordance with authorizations of management and directors of the 
company; and (iii) provide reasonable assurance regarding prevention or timely detection of unauthorized acquisition, use, or 
disposition of the company’s assets that could have a material effect on the financial statements.
Table of Contents
73

Because of its inherent limitations, internal control over financial reporting may not prevent or detect misstatements.  Also, 
projections of any evaluation of effectiveness to future periods are subject to the risk that controls may become inadequate 
because of changes in conditions, or that the degree of compliance with the policies or procedures may deteriorate.
Critical Audit Matters
The critical audit matter communicated below is a matter arising from the current period audit of the consolidated financial 
statements that was communicated or required to be communicated to the audit committee and that (i) relates to accounts or 
disclosures that are material to the consolidated financial statements and (ii) involved our especially challenging, subjective, or 
complex judgments.  The communication of critical audit matters does not alter in any way our opinion on the consolidated 
financial statements, taken as a whole, and we are not, by communicating the critical audit matter below, providing a separate 
opinion on the critical audit matter or on the accounts or disclosures to which it relates.
Revenue Recognition - Identification of Performance Obligations in Revenue Contracts
As described in Notes 2 and 19 to the consolidated financial statements, the Company’s contracts with customers often include 
the promise to transfer multiple goods and services to a customer. Distinct promises within a contract are referred to as 
performance obligations and are accounted for as separate units of account.  Management assesses whether each promised good 
or service is distinct for the purpose of identifying the performance obligations in the contract.  This assessment involves 
subjective determinations and requires management to make judgments about the individual promised goods or services and 
whether such goods or services are separable from the other aspects of the contractual relationship.  The Company’s 
performance obligations include various distinct goods and services such as hardware, software licenses, support and 
maintenance agreements, and other service offerings and solutions.  For the year ended February 2, 2024, a significant portion 
of the $33.9 billion Infrastructure Solutions Group (“ISG”) reportable segment net revenues relate to contracts with multiple 
performance obligations.
The principal considerations for our determination that performing procedures relating to the identification of performance 
obligations in revenue contracts is a critical audit matter are the significant judgment by management in identifying 
performance obligations in revenue contracts, which in turn led to a high degree of auditor judgment, subjectivity and effort in 
performing procedures to evaluate whether performance obligations in revenue contracts were appropriately identified by 
management.
Addressing the matter involved performing procedures and evaluating audit evidence in connection with forming our overall 
opinion on the consolidated financial statements.  These procedures included testing the effectiveness of controls relating to the 
revenue recognition process, including controls related to the proper identification of performance obligations in revenue 
contracts.  These procedures also included, among others, testing the completeness and accuracy of management’s 
identification of performance obligations by examining revenue contracts on a test basis.
/s/ PricewaterhouseCoopers LLP
Austin, Texas
March 25, 2024
We have served as the Company’s auditor since 1986.
Table of Contents
74

DELL TECHNOLOGIES INC.
CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF FINANCIAL POSITION
(in millions)
February 2, 
2024
February 3, 
2023
ASSETS
Current assets:
 
 
Cash and cash equivalents
$ 
7,366 $ 
8,607 
Accounts receivable, net of allowance of $71 and $78
 
9,343  
12,482 
Due from related party, net
 
—  
378 
Short-term financing receivables, net of allowance of $79 and $142 (Note 6)
 
4,643  
5,281 
Inventories
 
3,622  
4,776 
Other current assets
 
10,973  
10,827 
Total current assets
 
35,947  
42,351 
Property, plant, and equipment, net
 
6,432  
6,209 
Long-term investments
 
1,316  
1,518 
Long-term financing receivables, net of allowance of $91 and $59 (Note 6)
 
5,877  
5,638 
Goodwill
 
19,700  
19,676 
Intangible assets, net
 
5,701  
6,468 
Due from related party, net
 
—  
440 
Other non-current assets
 
7,116  
7,311 
Total assets
$ 
82,089 $ 
89,611 
LIABILITIES AND STOCKHOLDERS’ EQUITY
Current liabilities:
 
 
Short-term debt
$ 
6,982 $ 
6,573 
Accounts payable
 
19,389  
18,598 
Due to related party
 
—  
2,067 
Accrued and other
 
6,805  
8,874 
Short-term deferred revenue
 
15,318  
15,542 
Total current liabilities
 
48,494  
51,654 
Long-term debt
 
19,012  
23,015 
Long-term deferred revenue
 
13,827  
14,744 
Other non-current liabilities
 
3,065  
3,223 
Total liabilities
$ 
84,398 $ 
92,636 
Commitments and contingencies (Note 12)
Stockholders’ equity (deficit):
Common stock and capital in excess of $0.01 par value (Note 15)
$ 
8,926 $ 
8,424 
Treasury stock at cost
 
(5,900)  
(3,813) 
Accumulated deficit
 
(4,630)  
(6,732) 
Accumulated other comprehensive loss
 
(800)  
(1,001) 
Total Dell Technologies Inc. stockholders’ equity (deficit)
 
(2,404)  
(3,122) 
Non-controlling interests
 
95  
97 
Total stockholders’ equity (deficit)
 
(2,309)  
(3,025) 
Total liabilities and stockholders’ equity
$ 
82,089 $ 
89,611 
The accompanying notes are an integral part of these Consolidated Financial Statements.
Table of Contents
75

DELL TECHNOLOGIES INC.
CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF INCOME
(in millions, except per share amounts)
Fiscal Year Ended
 
February 2, 
2024
February 3, 
2023
January 28, 
2022
Net revenue:
Products
$ 
64,353 $ 
79,250 $ 
79,830 
Services
 
24,072  
23,051  
21,367 
Total net revenue
 
88,425  
102,301  
101,197 
Cost of net revenue (a):
Products
 
53,316  
66,029  
67,224 
Services
 
14,240  
13,586  
12,082 
Total cost of net revenue
 
67,556  
79,615  
79,306 
Gross margin
 
20,869  
22,686  
21,891 
Operating expenses:
Selling, general, and administrative
 
12,857  
14,136  
14,655 
Research and development
 
2,801  
2,779  
2,577 
Total operating expenses
 
15,658  
16,915  
17,232 
Operating income
 
5,211  
5,771  
4,659 
Interest and other, net
 
(1,324)  
(2,546)  
1,264 
Income before income taxes
 
3,887  
3,225  
5,923 
Income tax expense
 
692  
803  
981 
Net income
 
3,195  
2,422  
4,942 
Income from discontinued operations, net of income taxes (Note 3)
 
—  
—  
765 
Net income
 
3,195  
2,422  
5,707 
Less: Net loss attributable to non-controlling interests
 
(16)  
(20)  
(6) 
Less: Net income attributable to non-controlling interests of 
discontinued operations
 
—  
—  
150 
Net income attributable to Dell Technologies Inc.
$ 
3,211 $ 
2,442 $ 
5,563 
Earnings per share attributable to Dell Technologies Inc. — basic:
Continuing operations
$ 
4.46 $ 
3.33 $ 
6.49 
Discontinued operations
$ 
— $ 
— $ 
0.81 
Earnings per share attributable to Dell Technologies Inc. — diluted:
Continuing operations
$ 
4.36 $ 
3.24 $ 
6.26 
Discontinued operations
$ 
— $ 
— $ 
0.76 
(a) Includes related party cost of net revenue as follows (Note 20):
Products
$ 
1,010 $ 
1,634 $ 
1,577 
Services 
$ 
2,810 $ 
3,065 $ 
2,487 
 
The accompanying notes are an integral part of these Consolidated Financial Statements.
Table of Contents
76

 DELL TECHNOLOGIES INC.
CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF COMPREHENSIVE INCOME
(in millions)
Fiscal Year Ended
February 2, 
2024
February 3, 
2023
January 28, 
2022
Net income
$ 
3,195 $ 
2,422 $ 
5,707 
Other comprehensive income (loss), net of tax
Foreign currency translation adjustments
 
(8)  
(222)  
(385) 
Cash flow hedges:
Change in unrealized gains
 
85  
354  
374 
Reclassification adjustment for net (gains) losses included in net 
income
 
107  
(705)  
(158) 
Net change in cash flow hedges
 
192  
(351)  
216 
Pension and other postretirement plans:
Recognition of actuarial net gains from pension and other 
postretirement plans
 
15  
1  
37 
Reclassification adjustments for net losses from pension and other 
postretirement plans
 
2  
1  
7 
Net change in actuarial net gains from pension and other 
postretirement plans
 
17  
2  
44 
Total other comprehensive income (loss), net of tax expense (benefit) 
of $15, $(17), and $30, respectively
 
201  
(571)  
(125) 
Comprehensive income, net of tax
 
3,396  
1,851  
5,582 
Less: Net income (loss) attributable to non-controlling interests
 
(16)  
(20)  
144 
Less: Other comprehensive loss attributable to non-controlling 
interests
 
—  
(1)  
— 
Comprehensive income attributable to Dell Technologies Inc.
$ 
3,412 $ 
1,872 $ 
5,438 
The accompanying notes are an integral part of these Consolidated Financial Statements.
Table of Contents
77

DELL TECHNOLOGIES INC.
CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF CASH FLOWS
(in millions, continued on next page)
 
Fiscal Year Ended
 
February 2, 2024
February 3, 2023
January 28, 2022
Cash flows from operating activities:
 
Net income
$ 
3,195 $ 
2,422 $ 
5,707 
Adjustments to reconcile net income to net cash provided 
by operating activities:
Depreciation and amortization
 
3,303  
3,156  
4,551 
Stock-based compensation expense
 
878  
931  
1,622 
Deferred income taxes
 
(91)  
(717)  
(365) 
Other, net (a)
 
609  
961  
(3,130) 
Changes in assets and liabilities, net of effects from 
acquisitions and dispositions:
Accounts receivable
 
2,977  
113  
(2,193) 
Financing receivables
 
309  
(461)  
(241) 
Inventories
 
975  
875  
(2,514) 
Other assets and liabilities
 
(1,470)  
973  
(1,948) 
Due from/to related party, net
 
(652)  
649  
479 
Accounts payable
 
(335)  
(8,546)  
5,742 
Deferred revenue
 
(1,022)  
3,209  
2,597 
Change in cash from operating activities
 
8,676  
3,565  
10,307 
Cash flows from investing activities:
Purchases of investments
 
(172)  
(108)  
(414) 
Maturities and sales of investments
 
226  
116  
513 
Capital expenditures and capitalized software development 
costs
 
(2,756)  
(3,003)  
(2,796) 
Acquisition of businesses and assets, net
 
(126)  
(70)  
(16) 
Divestitures of businesses, net
 
—  
—  
3,957 
Other
 
45  
41  
62 
Change in cash from investing activities
 
(2,783)  
(3,024)  
1,306 
Cash flows from financing activities:
Dividends paid by VMware, Inc. to non-controlling 
interests
 
—  
—  
(2,240) 
Proceeds from the issuance of common stock
 
10  
5  
334 
Repurchases of common stock
 
(2,080)  
(2,883)  
(1,496) 
Repurchases of common stock for employee tax 
withholdings
 
(372)  
(398)  
(342) 
Net transfer of cash, cash equivalents, and restricted cash 
to VMware, Inc.
 
—  
—  
(5,052) 
Payments of dividends and dividend equivalents
 
(1,072)  
(964)  
— 
Proceeds from debt
 
7,775  
12,479  
20,425 
Repayments of debt
 
(11,246)  
(9,825)  
(26,723) 
Debt-related costs and other, net
 
(109)  
(39)  
(1,515) 
Change in cash from financing activities
 
(7,094)  
(1,625)  
(16,609) 
____________________
(a) During the fiscal year ended January 28, 2022, other, net, includes $4.0 billion pre-tax gain on the sale of Boomi.
The accompanying notes are an integral part of these Consolidated Financial Statements.
Table of Contents
78

DELL TECHNOLOGIES INC.
CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF CASH FLOWS
(continued; in millions)
Fiscal Year Ended
February 2, 2024
February 3, 2023
January 28, 2022
Effect of exchange rate changes on cash, cash equivalents, 
and restricted cash
 
(186)  
(104)  
(106) 
Change in cash, cash equivalents, and restricted cash
 
(1,387)  
(1,188)  
(5,102) 
Cash, cash equivalents, and restricted cash at beginning of the 
period
 
8,894  
10,082  
15,184 
Cash, cash equivalents, and restricted cash at end of the 
period
$ 
7,507 $ 
8,894 $ 
10,082 
Income tax paid
$ 
1,379 $ 
1,208 $ 
1,257 
Interest paid
$ 
1,438 $ 
1,169 $ 
1,825 
The accompanying notes are an integral part of these Consolidated Financial Statements.
Table of Contents
79

DELL TECHNOLOGIES INC.
CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF STOCKHOLDERS' EQUITY (DEFICIT)
(in millions; continued on next page)
Common Stock and Capital 
in Excess of Par Value
Treasury Stock
Issued 
Shares
Amount
Shares
Amount
Accumulated 
Deficit
Accumulated 
Other 
Comprehensive 
Income/(Loss)
Dell 
Technologies
Stockholders’ 
Equity (Deficit)
Non-
Controlling 
Interests
Total 
Stockholders’ 
Equity (Deficit)
Balances as of January 29, 2021
 
761 
$ 
16,849 
 
8 
$ 
(305) $ 
(13,751) $ 
(314) $ 
2,479 
$ 
5,074 
$ 
7,553 
Net income
 
— 
 
— 
 
— 
 
— 
 
5,563 
 
— 
 
5,563 
 
144 
 
5,707 
Foreign currency translation adjustments
 
— 
 
— 
 
— 
 
— 
 
— 
 
(385)  
(385)  
— 
 
(385) 
Cash flow hedges, net change
 
— 
 
— 
 
— 
 
— 
 
— 
 
216 
 
216 
 
— 
 
216 
Pension and other post-retirement
 
— 
 
— 
 
— 
 
— 
 
— 
 
44 
 
44 
 
— 
 
44 
Issuance of common stock, net of shares 
repurchased for employee tax withholding
 
16 
 
22 
 
— 
 
— 
 
— 
 
— 
 
22 
 
— 
 
22 
Stock-based compensation expense
 
— 
 
777 
 
— 
 
— 
 
— 
 
— 
 
777 
 
845 
 
1,622 
Treasury stock repurchases
 
— 
 
— 
 
12 
 
(659)  
— 
 
— 
 
(659)  
— 
 
(659) 
Revaluation of redeemable shares
 
— 
 
472 
 
— 
 
— 
 
— 
 
— 
 
472 
 
— 
 
472 
Impact from equity transactions of non-
controlling interests
 
— 
 
(60)  
— 
 
— 
 
— 
 
— 
 
(60)  
(823)  
(883) 
Dividends paid by VMware, Inc. to non-
controlling interests
 
— 
 
— 
 
— 
 
— 
 
— 
 
— 
 
— 
 
(2,240)  
(2,240) 
Spin-off of VMware, Inc.
 
— 
 
(10,162)  
— 
 
— 
 
— 
 
8 
 
(10,154)  
(2,895)  
(13,049) 
Balances as of January 28, 2022
 
777 
$ 
7,898 
 
20 
$ 
(964) $ 
(8,188) $ 
(431) $ 
(1,685) $ 
105 
$ 
(1,580) 
The accompanying notes are an integral part of these Consolidated Financial Statements.
Table of Contents
80

DELL TECHNOLOGIES INC.
CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF STOCKHOLDERS' EQUITY (DEFICIT)
(continued; in millions, except per share amounts) 
Common Stock and Capital 
in Excess of Par Value
Treasury Stock
Issued 
Shares
Amount
Shares
Amount
Accumulated 
Deficit
Accumulated 
Other 
Comprehensive 
Income/(Loss)
Dell 
Technologies
Stockholders’ 
Equity (Deficit)
Non-
Controlling 
Interests
Total 
Stockholders’ 
Equity (Deficit)
Balances as of January 28, 2022
 
777 
$ 
7,898 
 
20 
$ 
(964) $ 
(8,188) $ 
(431) $ 
(1,685) $ 
105 
$ 
(1,580) 
Net income (loss)
 
— 
 
— 
 
— 
 
— 
 
2,442 
 
— 
 
2,442 
 
(20)  
2,422 
Dividends and dividend equivalents declared 
($1.32 per common share)
 
— 
 
— 
 
— 
 
— 
 
(986)  
— 
 
(986)  
— 
 
(986) 
Foreign currency translation adjustments
 
— 
 
— 
 
— 
 
— 
 
— 
 
(221)  
(221)  
(1)  
(222) 
Cash flow hedges, net change
 
— 
 
— 
 
— 
 
— 
 
— 
 
(351)  
(351)  
— 
 
(351) 
Pension and other post-retirement
 
— 
 
— 
 
— 
 
— 
 
— 
 
2 
 
2 
 
— 
 
2 
Issuance of common stock, net of shares 
repurchased for employee tax withholding
 
21 
 
(383)  
— 
 
— 
 
— 
 
— 
 
(383)  
— 
 
(383) 
Stock-based compensation expense
 
— 
 
895 
 
— 
 
— 
 
— 
 
— 
 
895 
 
36 
 
931 
Treasury stock repurchases
 
— 
 
— 
 
62 
 
(2,849)  
— 
 
— 
 
(2,849)  
— 
 
(2,849) 
Impact from equity transactions of non-
controlling interests
 
— 
 
14 
 
— 
 
— 
 
— 
 
— 
 
14 
 
(23)  
(9) 
Balances as of February 3, 2023
 
798 
$ 
8,424 
 
82 
$ 
(3,813) $ 
(6,732) $ 
(1,001) $ 
(3,122) $ 
97 
$ 
(3,025) 
The accompanying notes are an integral part of these Consolidated Financial Statements.
Table of Contents
81

DELL TECHNOLOGIES INC.
CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF STOCKHOLDERS' EQUITY (DEFICIT)
(continued; in millions, except per share amounts) 
Common Stock and Capital 
in Excess of Par Value
Treasury Stock
Issued 
Shares
Amount
Shares
Amount
Accumulated 
Deficit
Accumulated 
Other 
Comprehensive 
Income/(Loss)
Dell 
Technologies
Stockholders’ 
Equity (Deficit)
Non-
Controlling 
Interests
Total 
Stockholders’ 
Equity (Deficit)
Balances as of February 3, 2023
 
798 
$ 
8,424 
 
82 
$ 
(3,813) $ 
(6,732) $ 
(1,001) $ 
(3,122) $ 
97 
$ 
(3,025) 
Net income (loss)
 
— 
 
— 
 
— 
 
— 
 
3,211 
 
— 
 
3,211 
 
(16)  
3,195 
Dividends and dividend equivalents declared 
($1.48 per common share)
 
— 
 
— 
 
— 
 
— 
 
(1,109)  
— 
 
(1,109)  
— 
 
(1,109) 
Foreign currency translation adjustments
 
— 
 
— 
 
— 
 
— 
 
— 
 
(8)  
(8)  
— 
 
(8) 
Cash flow hedges, net change
 
— 
 
— 
 
— 
 
— 
 
— 
 
192 
 
192 
 
— 
 
192 
Pension and other post-retirement
 
— 
 
— 
 
— 
 
— 
 
— 
 
17 
 
17 
 
— 
 
17 
Issuance of common stock, net of shares 
repurchased for employee tax withholding
 
23 
 
(356)  
— 
 
— 
 
— 
 
— 
 
(356)  
— 
 
(356) 
Stock-based compensation expense
 
— 
 
843 
 
— 
 
— 
 
— 
 
— 
 
843 
 
35 
 
878 
Treasury stock repurchases
 
— 
 
— 
 
34 
 
(2,087)  
— 
 
— 
 
(2,087)  
— 
 
(2,087) 
Impact from equity transactions of non-
controlling interests
 
— 
 
15 
 
— 
 
— 
 
— 
 
— 
 
15 
 
(21)  
(6) 
Balances as of February 2, 2024
 
821 
$ 
8,926 
 
116 
$ 
(5,900) $ 
(4,630) $ 
(800) $ 
(2,404) $ 
95 
$ 
(2,309) 
The accompanying notes are an integral part of these Consolidated Financial Statements.
Table of Contents
82

NOTE 1 — OVERVIEW AND BASIS OF PRESENTATION
Dell Technologies is a leading global end-to-end technology provider that designs, develops, manufactures, markets, sells, and 
supports a wide range of comprehensive and integrated solutions, products, and services.  Dell Technologies offerings include 
servers and networking, storage, cloud solutions, desktops, notebooks, services, software, branded peripherals, and third-party 
software and peripherals.  References in these Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements to the “Company” or “Dell 
Technologies” mean Dell Technologies Inc. individually and together with its consolidated subsidiaries. 
Basis of Presentation — These Consolidated Financial Statements have been prepared in accordance with accounting principles 
generally accepted in the United States of America (“GAAP”).  
The Company’s fiscal year is the 52- or 53-week period ending on the Friday nearest January 31.  The fiscal years ended 
February 2, 2024 and January 28, 2022 were 52-week periods.  The fiscal year ended February 3, 2023 was a 53-week period.
Spin-Off of VMware, Inc. — On November 1, 2021, the Company completed its spin-off of VMware LLC (formerly VMware, 
Inc. and individually and together with its consolidated subsidiaries, “VMware”) by means of a special stock dividend (the 
“VMware Spin-off”).  In accordance with applicable accounting guidance, the results of VMware, excluding Dell Technologies' 
resale of VMware offerings, are presented as discontinued operations in the Consolidated Statements of Income and, as such, 
have been excluded from both continuing operations and segment results for the fiscal year ended January 28, 2022.  The 
Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows are presented on a consolidated basis for both continuing operations and discontinued 
operations for the fiscal year ended January 28, 2022.  See Note 3, Note 19, and Note 20 of the Notes to the Consolidated 
Financial Statements for additional information about the VMware Spin-off and recent developments in the Company’s 
relationship with VMware.
Boomi Divestiture — On October 1, 2021, Dell Technologies completed the sale of Boomi, Inc. (“Boomi”) and certain related 
assets.  At the completion of the sale, the Company received total cash consideration of approximately $4.0 billion, resulting in 
a pre-tax gain on sale of $4.0 billion recognized in interest and other, net on the Consolidated Statements of Income.  The 
Company ultimately recorded a $3.0 billion gain, net of $1.0 billion in tax expense.  Prior to the divestiture, Boomi’s operating 
results were included within other businesses.  The divestiture did not qualify for presentation as a discontinued operation. 
Secureworks — As of February 2, 2024 and February 3, 2023, the Company held approximately 81.0% and 82.6%, 
respectively, of the outstanding equity interest in SecureWorks Corp. (“Secureworks”).  The portion of the results of operations 
of Secureworks allocable to its other owners is shown as net loss attributable to non-controlling interests in the Consolidated 
Statements of Income, as an adjustment to net income attributable to Dell Technologies stockholders.  The non-controlling 
interests’ share of equity in Secureworks is reflected as non-controlling interests in the Consolidated Statements of Financial 
Position and was $95 million and $97 million as of February 2, 2024 and February 3, 2023, respectively.
Other Events — On July 12, 2023, the Company entered into a definitive agreement with Comenity Capital Bank, a subsidiary 
of Bread Financial Holdings, Inc. (“Bread”), to establish a new consumer revolving financing program, operated as the “Dell 
Pay Credit” program, under which transactions are originated, owned, serviced, and collected by Bread.  Under the agreement, 
the Company also agreed to sell its U.S. consumer revolving customer receivables portfolio.  On October 4, 2023, the parties 
closed the sale for total cash consideration of approximately $390 million and the Company recognized an immaterial gain 
within the Consolidated Statements of Income.  Upon completion of the sale, the Company derecognized transferred 
receivables, net of $380 million from the Consolidated Statements of Financial Position.  The Company has no continuing 
involvement with these receivables, which are serviced by Bread.  See Note 6 of the Notes to the Consolidated Financial 
Statements for more information.
Table of Contents
DELL TECHNOLOGIES INC.
NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
83

NOTE 2 — SUMMARY OF SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING POLICIES 
Principles of Consolidation — These Consolidated Financial Statements include the accounts of Dell Technologies and its 
wholly-owned subsidiaries, as well as the accounts of Secureworks, which, as indicated in Note 1 of the Notes to the 
Consolidated Financial Statements, is majority-owned by Dell Technologies, and VMware through the date of the VMware 
Spin-off.  All intercompany transactions have been eliminated.
The Company also consolidates Variable Interest Entities ("VIEs") where it has been determined that the Company is the 
primary beneficiary of the applicable entities’ operations.  For each VIE, the primary beneficiary is the party that has both the 
power to direct the activities that most significantly impact the VIE's economic performance and the obligation to absorb losses 
or the right to receive benefits of the VIE that could potentially be significant to such VIE.  In evaluating whether the Company 
is the primary beneficiary of each entity, the Company evaluates its power to direct the most significant activities of the VIE by 
considering the purpose and design of each entity and the risks each entity was designed to create and pass through to its 
respective variable interest holders.  The Company also evaluates its economic interests in each of the VIEs.  See Note 6 of the 
Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements for more information regarding consolidated VIEs.
Use of Estimates — The preparation of financial statements in accordance with GAAP requires management to make estimates 
and assumptions that affect the amounts reported in the Consolidated Financial Statements and the accompanying Notes.   
Actual results could differ materially from those estimates.
Cash and Cash Equivalents — All highly liquid investments with original maturities of 90 days or less at date of purchase are 
reported at fair value and are considered to be cash equivalents.  Credit card receivables are classified as either cash and cash 
equivalents or receivables depending on the nature of the payment terms.  
Investments — The Company has strategic investments in equity and other securities as well as investments in fixed-income 
debt securities.  All equity and other securities and long-term fixed income debt securities are recorded as long-term 
investments in the Consolidated Statements of Financial Position.  Short-term fixed income debt securities are recorded as other 
current assets in the Consolidated Statements of Financial Position.
Strategic investments in marketable equity and other securities are recorded at fair value based on quoted prices in active 
markets.  Strategic investments in non-marketable equity and other securities without readily determinable fair values are 
recorded at cost, less impairment, and are adjusted for observable price changes.  Fair value measurements and impairments for 
strategic investments are recognized in interest and other, net in the Consolidated Statements of Income.  In evaluating equity 
investments without readily determinable fair values for impairment or observable price changes, the Company uses inputs that 
include pre- and post-money valuations of recent financing events and the impact of those events on its fully diluted ownership 
percentages, as well as other available information regarding the issuer’s historical and forecasted performance. 
Fixed-income debt securities are carried at amortized cost.  The Company intends to hold the fixed-income debt securities to 
maturity. 
Allowance for Expected Credit Losses on Accounts Receivable — The Company recognizes an allowance for losses on accounts 
receivable in an amount equal to the current expected credit losses.  The estimation of the allowance is based on an analysis of 
historical loss experience, current receivables aging, and management’s assessment of current conditions and reasonable and 
supportable expectation of future conditions, as well as an assessment of specific identifiable customer accounts considered at 
risk or uncollectible.  The Company assesses collectibility by pooling receivables where similar characteristics exist and 
evaluates receivables individually when specific customer balances no longer share those risk characteristics and are considered 
at risk or uncollectible.  The expense associated with the allowance for expected credit losses is recognized in selling, general, 
and administrative expenses.
Table of Contents
DELL TECHNOLOGIES INC.
NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (Continued)
84

Accounting for Operating Leases as a Lessee — In its ordinary course of business, the Company enters into leases as a lessee 
for office buildings, warehouses, employee vehicles, and equipment.  The Company determines if an arrangement is a lease or 
contains a lease at inception.  The Company’s leases are generally classified as operating leases.  Finance leases are immaterial.  
Operating leases result in the recognition of right of use (“ROU”) assets and lease liabilities on the Consolidated Statements of 
Financial Position.  ROU assets represent the right to use an underlying asset for the lease term and lease liabilities represent the 
obligation to make lease payments arising from the lease, measured on a discounted basis.  At lease commencement, the lease 
liability is measured at the present value of the lease payments over the lease term.  The operating lease ROU asset equals the 
lease liability adjusted for any initial direct costs, prepaid or deferred rent, and lease incentives.  The Company uses the implicit 
rate when readily determinable.  As most of the leases do not provide an implicit rate, the Company uses its incremental 
borrowing rate based on the information available at the commencement date to determine the present value of lease payments.  
The lease term may include options to extend or to terminate the lease that the Company is reasonably certain to exercise.  The 
Company has elected not to record leases with an initial term of 12 months or less on the Consolidated Statements of Financial 
Position.  Lease expense is recognized on a straight-line basis over the lease term in most instances.  The Company does not 
generate material sublease income and has no material related party leases.  The Company’s lease agreements do not contain 
any material residual value guarantees or material restrictive covenants.
The Company’s office building agreements contain costs such as common area maintenance and other executory costs that may 
be either fixed or variable in nature.  Variable lease costs are expensed as incurred.  The Company combines lease and non-
lease components, including fixed common area and other maintenance costs, in calculating the ROU assets and lease liabilities 
for its office buildings and employee vehicles.  Under certain service agreements with third-party logistics providers, the 
Company directs the use of the inventory within the warehouses and, therefore, controls the assets.  The warehouses and some 
of the equipment used are considered embedded leases.  The Company accounts for the lease and non-lease components 
separately.  The lease components consist of the warehouses and some of the equipment, such as conveyor belts.  The non-lease 
components consist of services and other shared equipment, such as material handling and transportation.  The Company 
allocates the consideration to the lease and non-lease components using their relative standalone values.  See Note 7 of the 
Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements for additional information.
Accounting for Leases as a Lessor — The Company’s wholly-owned subsidiary Dell Financial Services and its affiliates 
(“DFS”) act as a lessor to provide equipment financing to customers through a variety of lease arrangements (“DFS leases”).  
The Company’s leases are classified as sales-type leases, direct financing leases, or operating leases.  Direct financing leases are 
immaterial.
The Company also offers alternative payment structures and as-a-Service offerings that are assessed to determine whether an 
embedded lease arrangement exists.  The Company accounts for those contracts as a lease arrangement if it is determined that 
the contract contains an identified asset and that control of that asset has transferred to the customer. 
When a contract includes lease and non-lease components, the Company allocates consideration under the contract to each 
component based on relative standalone selling price and subsequently assesses lease classification for each lease component 
within a contract.  DFS provides lessees with the option to extend the lease or purchase the underlying asset at the end of the 
lease term, which is considered when evaluating lease classification.  In general, DFS’s lease arrangements do not have variable 
payment terms and are typically non-cancelable.
On commencement of sales-type leases, the Company recognizes profit up-front, and amounts due from the customer under the 
lease contract are recognized as financing receivables on the Consolidated Statements of Financial Position.  Interest income is 
recognized as net product revenue over the term of the lease based on the effective interest method.  The Company has elected 
not to include sales and other taxes collected from the lessee as part of lease revenue.  
Table of Contents
DELL TECHNOLOGIES INC.
NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (continued)
85

All other leases that do not meet the definition of a sales-type lease or direct financing lease are classified as operating leases.  
The underlying asset in an operating lease arrangement is carried at depreciated cost as “Assets in a customer contract” within 
Property, plant, and equipment, net on the Consolidated Statements of Financial Position.  Depreciation is calculated using the 
straight-line method over the term of the underlying lease contract and is recognized as cost of net revenue.  The depreciable 
basis is the original cost of the equipment less the estimated residual value of the equipment at the end of the lease term.  The 
residual value is based upon estimates of the value of the equipment at the end of the lease term using historical studies, 
industry data, and future value-at-risk demand valuation methods.  The Company recognizes operating lease income to product 
revenue generally on a straight-line basis over the lease term and expenses deferred initial direct costs on the same basis.  The 
Company recognizes variable lease income to product revenue generally as earned.  Impairment of assets in a customer contract 
is assessed on the same basis as other long-lived assets.
Accounting for Fixed-Term Loans — For fixed-term loans, the Company may recognize profit up-front upon commencement or 
over time depending on the product or service offering.  Amounts due from the customer under the loan agreement are 
recognized as financing receivables on the Consolidated Statements of Financial Position.  The Company generally recognizes 
interest income to product revenue based on the effective interest method and expenses deferred initial direct costs on a straight-
line basis over the loan term.
Financing Receivables — Financing receivables are presented net of allowance for losses and consist of customer receivables 
and residual interest.  Gross customer receivables include amounts due from customers under revolving loans, fixed-term loans, 
fixed-term sales-type or direct financing leases, and accrued interest.  The Company has two portfolios, consisting of (i) fixed-
term leases and loans and (ii) revolving loans, and assesses risk at the portfolio level to determine the appropriate allowance 
levels.  The portfolio segments are further segregated into classes based on products, customer type, and credit risk evaluation.  
Fixed-term leases and loans are offered to qualified small and medium-sized businesses, large commercial accounts, 
governmental organizations, and educational entities.  Fixed-term loans are also offered to qualified individual consumers.  
Revolving loans offered under a private label credit financing program, referred to as Dell Business Credit (“DBC”), are 
primarily offered to small and medium-sized business customers.
The Company retains a residual interest in equipment leased under its fixed-term lease programs.  The amount of the residual 
interest is established at the inception of the lease based upon estimates of the value of the equipment at the end of the lease 
term using historical studies, industry data, and future value-at-risk demand valuation methods.
Allowance for Financing Receivables Losses — The Company recognizes an allowance for financing receivables losses, 
including both the lease receivable and unguaranteed residual, in an amount equal to the expected losses net of recoveries.  The 
allowance for financing receivables losses on the lease receivable is determined based on various factors, including lifetime 
expected losses determined using macroeconomic forecast assumptions and management judgments applicable to and through 
the expected life of the portfolios as well as past due receivables, receivable type, and customer risk profile.  Both fixed and 
revolving financing receivables loss rates are affected by macroeconomic conditions, including the level of gross domestic 
product (“GDP”) growth, the level of commercial capital equipment investment, unemployment rates, and the credit quality of 
the borrower. 
Generally, expected credit losses as a result of residual value risk on equipment under lease are not considered to be significant 
primarily because of the existence of a secondary market with respect to the equipment.  The Company’s lease agreements also 
generally define applicable return conditions and remedies for non-compliance to ensure that the leased equipment will be in 
good operating condition upon return.  Model changes and updates, as well as market strength and product acceptance, are 
monitored and adjustments are made to residual values in accordance with the significance of any such changes.
When an account is deemed to be uncollectible, customer account principal and interest are charged off to the allowance for 
losses.  While the Company does not generally place financing receivables on non-accrual status during the delinquency period, 
accrued interest is included in the allowance for loss calculation and, therefore, the Company is adequately reserved in the event 
of charge off.  Recoveries on receivables previously charged off as uncollectible are recorded to the allowance for financing 
receivables losses.  The expense associated with the allowance for financing receivables losses is recognized as cost of net 
revenue. 
Table of Contents
DELL TECHNOLOGIES INC.
NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (continued)
86

Asset Securitization — The Company transfers certain U.S. and European customer loan and lease payments and associated 
equipment to Special Purpose Entities (“SPEs”) that meet the definition of a Variable Interest Entity (“VIE”) and are 
consolidated into the Consolidated Financial Statements.  These SPEs are bankruptcy-remote legal entities with separate assets 
and liabilities.  The purpose of the SPEs is to facilitate the funding of customer loan and lease payments and associated 
equipment in the capital markets.  Some of these SPEs have entered into financing arrangements with multi-seller conduits that, 
in turn, issue asset-backed debt securities in the capital markets.  The asset securitizations in the SPEs are accounted for as 
secured borrowings. 
Inventories — The Company generally records inventory on the Consolidated Statements of Financial Position when legal title 
and risk of loss have passed to the Company for items that are held for sale in the ordinary course of business, that are in 
process of production for sale, or that will be consumed in the production of goods or services that will be held for sale.  
Inventories are stated at the lower of cost or net realizable value, with cost being determined on a first-in, first-out basis.  
Adjustments to reduce the cost of inventory to its net realizable value are made, if required, for estimated excess, obsolescence, 
or impaired balances.  At the point of the loss recognition, a new, lower cost basis for that inventory is established, and 
subsequent changes in facts and circumstances do not result in the restoration or increase in the newly established cost basis.
Property, Plant, and Equipment — Property, plant, and equipment are carried at depreciated cost.  Depreciation is determined 
using the straight-line method over the shorter of the estimated useful lives of the assets or the lease term, as applicable.  The 
estimated useful lives of the Company’s property, plant, and equipment are generally as follows:
Estimated Useful Life
Computer and other equipment
3-5 years
Assets in a customer contract
Term of underlying lease contract
Buildings and building improvements
10-30 years or term of underlying land lease
Leasehold improvements
5 years or contract term
Internal use software
5 years
Gains or losses related to retirements or dispositions of fixed assets are recognized in the period during which the retirement or 
disposition occurs.
Capitalized Software Development Costs — Software development costs related to the development of new product offerings 
are capitalized subsequent to the establishment of technological feasibility, which is demonstrated by the completion of a 
detailed program design or working model, if no program design is completed.  The Company amortizes capitalized costs on a 
straight-line basis over the estimated useful lives of the products, which is generally two years.
As of February 2, 2024 and February 3, 2023, capitalized software development costs were $646 million and $673 million, 
respectively, and are included in other non-current assets, net in the accompanying Consolidated Statements of Financial 
Position.  Amortization expense for the fiscal years ended February 2, 2024, February 3, 2023, and January 28, 2022 was $416 
million, $317 million, and $263 million, respectively. 
The Company capitalizes certain internal and external costs to acquire or create internal use software which are incurred 
subsequent to the completion of the preliminary project stage.  Costs associated with maintenance and minor enhancements to 
the features and functionality of the Company’s internal use software are expensed as incurred.
Impairment of Long-Lived Assets — The Company reviews long-lived assets for impairment when events or changes in 
circumstances indicate the carrying amount of an asset may not be recoverable.  The Company assesses the recoverability of the 
assets based on the undiscounted future cash flows expected from the use and eventual disposition of the asset.  If the carrying 
amount of the asset is determined not to be recoverable, a write-down to fair value is recorded.  Fair values are determined 
based on quoted market values, discounted cash flows, or external appraisals, as applicable.  Long-lived assets to be disposed of 
are reported at the lower of carrying amount or fair value less costs to sell.
Table of Contents
DELL TECHNOLOGIES INC.
NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (continued)
87

Intangible Assets Including Goodwill — Identifiable intangible assets with finite lives are amortized over their estimated useful 
lives.  Indefinite-lived intangible assets are not amortized.  Definite-lived intangible assets are reviewed for impairment when 
events and circumstances indicate the asset may be impaired.  Goodwill and indefinite-lived intangible assets are tested for 
impairment annually during the third fiscal quarter and whenever events or circumstances indicate that an impairment may have 
occurred.
Foreign Currency Translation — The majority of the Company’s international sales are made by international subsidiaries, 
some of which have the U.S. Dollar as their functional currency.  The Company’s subsidiaries that do not use the U.S. Dollar as 
their functional currency translate assets and liabilities at current exchange rates in effect at the balance sheet date.  Revenue 
and expenses from these international subsidiaries are translated using either the monthly average exchange rates in effect for 
the period in which the activity was recognized or the specific daily exchange rate associated with the date the transactions 
actually occur.  Foreign currency translation adjustments are included as a component of accumulated other comprehensive 
income (loss) (“AOCI”) in stockholders’ equity (deficit).
Local currency transactions of international subsidiaries that have the U.S. Dollar as their functional currency are remeasured 
into U.S. Dollars using the current rates of exchange for monetary assets and liabilities and historical rates of exchange for 
nonmonetary assets and liabilities.  Gains and losses from remeasurement of monetary assets and liabilities are included in 
interest and other, net on the Consolidated Statements of Income.  See Note 21 of the Notes to the Consolidated Financial 
Statements for amounts recognized from remeasurement during the periods presented.
Hedging Instruments — The Company uses derivative financial instruments, primarily forward contracts, options, and swaps, 
to hedge certain foreign currency and interest rate exposures.  The relationships between hedging instruments and hedged items, 
as well as the risk management objectives and strategies for undertaking hedge transactions, are formally documented.  The 
Company does not use derivatives for speculative purposes.  All derivative instruments are recognized as either assets or 
liabilities in the Consolidated Statements of Financial Position and are measured at fair value.  The Company’s hedge portfolio 
includes non-designated derivatives and derivatives designated as cash flow hedges and, from time to time, fair value hedges.  
For derivative instruments designated as a cash flow hedge, the Company assesses hedge effectiveness at the onset of the 
hedge, then performs qualitative assessments at regular intervals throughout the life of the derivative.  The gain or loss on the 
hedge is recorded in AOCI, as a separate component of stockholders’ equity (deficit), and reclassified into earnings in the 
period during which the hedged transaction is recognized in earnings.  For derivatives that are designated as a fair value hedge, 
the Company evaluates the effectiveness of the qualifying fair value hedge using the shortcut method of accounting under 
which hedges are assumed to be perfectly effective.  The change in fair value of the hedge exactly offsets the fair value of the 
hedged item and there is no net impact recognized in earnings from the fair value of the derivative.  For derivatives that are not 
designated as hedges or do not qualify for hedge accounting treatment, the Company recognizes the change in the instrument’s 
fair value in earnings as a component of interest and other, net.
Cash flows from derivative instruments are presented in the same category on the Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows as 
the cash flows from the underlying hedged items.  See Note 9 of the Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements for a 
description of the Company’s derivative financial instrument activities.
Revenue Recognition — The Company sells a wide portfolio of products and services to its customers.  The Company’s 
agreements have varying requirements depending on the goods and services being sold, the rights and obligations conveyed, 
and the legal jurisdiction of the arrangement. 
Table of Contents
DELL TECHNOLOGIES INC.
NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (continued)
88

Revenue is recognized for these arrangements based on the following five steps:
(1) Identify the contract with a customer.  The Company evaluates facts and circumstances regarding sales transactions in 
order to identify contracts with its customers.  An agreement must meet all of the following criteria to qualify as a 
contract eligible for revenue recognition under the model:  (i) the contract must be approved by all parties who are 
committed to perform their respective obligations; (ii) each party’s rights regarding the goods and services to be 
transferred to the customer can be identified; (iii) the payment terms for the goods and services can be identified; (iv) 
the customer has the ability and intent to pay and it is probable that the Company will collect substantially all of the 
consideration to which it will be entitled; and (v) the contract must have commercial substance.  Judgment is used in 
determining the customer’s ability and intent to pay, which is based upon various factors, including the customer’s 
historical payment experience or customer credit and financial information.
(2) Identify the performance obligations in the contract.  The Company’s contracts with customers often include the 
promise to transfer multiple goods and services to the customer.  Distinct promises within a contract are referred to as 
“performance obligations” and are accounted for as separate units of account.  The Company assesses whether each 
promised good or service is distinct for the purpose of identifying the performance obligations in the contract.  This 
assessment involves subjective determinations and requires management to make judgments about the individual 
promised goods or services and whether such goods or services are separable from the other aspects of the contractual 
relationship.  Promised goods and services are considered distinct provided that: (i) the customer can benefit from the 
good or service either on its own or together with other resources that are readily available to the customer (that is, the 
good or service is capable of being distinct); and (ii) the Company’s promise to transfer the good or service to the 
customer is separately identifiable from other promises in the contract (that is, the promise to transfer the good or 
service is distinct within the context of the contract).  The Company’s performance obligations include various distinct 
goods and services such as hardware, software licenses, support and maintenance agreements, and other service 
offerings and solutions.  Promised goods and services are explicitly identified in the Company’s contracts and may be 
sold on a standalone basis or bundled as part of a combined solution.  In certain hardware solutions, the hardware is 
highly interdependent on, and interrelated with, the embedded software.  In these offerings, the hardware and software 
licenses are accounted for as a single performance obligation. 
(3) Determine the transaction price.  The transaction price reflects the amount of consideration to which the Company 
expects to be entitled in exchange for transferring goods or services to the customer.  If the consideration promised in a 
contract includes a variable amount, the Company estimates the amount to which it expects to be entitled using either 
the expected value or most likely amount method.  Generally, volume discounts, rebates, and sales returns reduce the 
transaction price.  In determining the transaction price, the Company only includes amounts that are not subject to 
significant future reversal.
(4) Allocate the transaction price to performance obligations in the contract.  When a contract includes multiple 
performance obligations, the transaction price is allocated to each performance obligation in an amount that depicts the 
consideration to which the Company expects to be entitled in exchange for transferring the promised goods or services.  
For contracts with multiple performance obligations, the transaction price is allocated in proportion to the standalone 
selling price (“SSP”) of each performance obligation.
The best evidence of SSP is the observable price of a good or service when the Company sells that good or service 
separately in similar circumstances to similar customers.  If a directly observable price is available, the Company will 
utilize that price for the SSP.  If a directly observable price is not available, the SSP must be estimated.  The Company 
estimates SSP by considering multiple factors, including, but not limited to, pricing practices, internal costs, and profit 
objectives as well as overall market conditions, which include geographic or regional specific factors, competitive 
positioning, and competitor actions. 
Table of Contents
DELL TECHNOLOGIES INC.
NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (continued)
89

(5) Recognize revenue when (or as) the performance obligation is satisfied.  Revenue is recognized when obligations 
under the terms of the contract with the Company’s customer are satisfied.  Revenue is recognized either over time or 
at a point in time, depending on when the underlying products or services are transferred to the customer.  Revenue is 
recognized at a point in time for products upon transfer of control.  Revenue is recognized over time for support and 
deployment services, software support, Software-as-a-Service (“SaaS”), and Infrastructure-as-a-Service (“IaaS”).  
Revenue is recognized either over time or at a point in time for professional services and training depending on the 
nature of the offering to the customer.  
The Company reports revenue net of any revenue-based taxes assessed by governmental authorities that are imposed on and 
concurrently with specific revenue-producing transactions.
The Company has elected the following practical expedients:
•
The Company does not account for significant financing components if the period between revenue recognition and 
when the customer pays for the product or service will be one year or less.
•
The Company recognizes revenue equal to the amount it has a right to invoice when the amount corresponds directly 
with the value to the customer of the Company’s performance to date.
•
The Company does not account for shipping and handling activities as a separate performance obligation, but rather as 
an activity performed to transfer the promised good.
The following summarizes the nature of revenue recognized and the manner in which the Company accounts for sales 
transactions.
Products
Product revenue consists of revenue from sales of hardware products, including notebooks and desktop PCs, servers, 
storage hardware, and other hardware-related devices, as well as revenue from software license sales, including non-
essential software applications and third-party software licenses. 
Revenue from sales of hardware products is recognized when control has transferred to the customer, which typically 
occurs when the hardware has been shipped to the customer, risk of loss has transferred to the customer, the Company has 
a present right to payment, and customer acceptance has been satisfied.  Customer acceptance is satisfied if acceptance is 
obtained from the customer, if all acceptance provisions lapse, or if the Company has evidence that all acceptance 
provisions will be, or have been, satisfied.  Revenue from software license sales is generally recognized when control has 
transferred to the customer, which is typically upon shipment, electronic delivery, or when the software is available for 
download by the customer.  For certain software arrangements in which the customer is granted a right to additional 
unspecified future software licenses, the Company’s promise to the customer is considered a stand-ready obligation in 
which the transfer of control and revenue recognition will occur over time.  
Services
Services revenue consists of revenue from sales of support services, including hardware support that extends beyond the 
Company’s standard warranties, software maintenance, and installation; professional services; training; SaaS; and IaaS.  
Revenue associated with undelivered performance obligations is deferred and recognized when or as control is transferred 
to the customer.  Revenue from fixed-price support or maintenance contracts sold for both hardware and software is 
recognized on a straight-line basis over the period of performance because the Company is required to provide services at 
any given time.  Other services revenue is recognized when the Company performs the services and the customer receives 
and consumes the benefits.
Table of Contents
DELL TECHNOLOGIES INC.
NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (continued)
90

Other
Revenue from leasing arrangements is not subject to the revenue standard for contracts with customers and remains 
separately accounted for under lease accounting guidance.  The Company records operating lease rental revenue as product 
revenue on a straight-line basis over the lease term.  The Company records revenue under sales-type leases as product 
revenue in an amount equal to the present value of minimum lease payments at the inception of the lease.  Sales-type leases 
also produce financing income, which is included in product net revenue in the Consolidated Statements of Income and is 
recognized at effective rates of return over the lease term.  The Company also offers qualified customers fixed-term loans 
and revolving credit lines for the purchase of products and services offered by the Company.  Financing income 
attributable to these loans is recognized in product net revenue on an accrual basis. 
Principal versus Agent — For transactions that involve a third party, the Company evaluates whether it is acting as the principal 
or the agent in the transaction.  This determination requires significant judgment and impacts the amount and timing of revenue 
recognized.  If the Company determines that it controls a good or service before it is transferred to the customer, the Company 
is acting as the principal and recognizes revenue at the gross amount of consideration it is entitled to from the customer.  
Indicators that the Company controls a good or service before transferring it to a customer include, but are not limited to, the 
Company being the primary obligor to the customer, establishing its own pricing, and having inventory and credit risks.  
Conversely, if the Company determines that it does not control the good or service before it is transferred to the customer, the 
Company is acting as an agent in the transaction.  As an agent, the Company is arranging for the good or service to be provided 
by another party and recognizes revenue at the net amount of consideration retained.
Disaggregation of Revenue — The Company’s revenue is presented on a disaggregated basis on the Consolidated Statements of 
Income and in Note 19 of the Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements based on an evaluation of disclosures outside of 
the financial statements, information regularly reviewed by the chief operating decision maker for evaluating the financial 
performance of operating segments, and other information that is used to evaluate the Company’s financial performance and 
make resource allocations.  This information includes revenue from products and services, revenue from reportable segments, 
and revenue by major product categories within the segments. 
Contract Assets — Contract assets are rights to consideration in exchange for goods or services that the Company has 
transferred to a customer when such a right is conditional on something other than the passage of time.  Such amounts are 
immaterial as of February 2, 2024 and February 3, 2023. 
Contract Liabilities — Contract liabilities primarily consist of deferred revenue.  Deferred revenue is recorded when the 
Company has invoiced or payments have been received for undelivered products or services, or in situations where revenue 
recognition criteria have not been met.  Deferred revenue primarily includes amounts received in advance for extended 
warranty services and software maintenance.  Revenue is recognized on these items when the revenue recognition criteria are 
met, generally resulting in ratable recognition over the contract term.  The Company also has deferred revenue related to 
undelivered hardware and professional services, consisting of installations and consulting engagements, which are recognized 
when the Company’s performance obligations under the contract are completed.  See Note 11 of the Notes to the Consolidated 
Financial Statements for additional information about deferred revenue.  
Deferred Costs — Deferred costs primarily consist of costs incurred to fulfill revenue-generating contracts mainly associated 
with VMware Resale offerings discussed in Note 19 and Note 20 of the Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements and 
third-party software support and maintenance offerings.  Deferred costs are included with other current assets and other non-
current assets on the Consolidated Statements of Financial Position.  The Company defers and subsequently amortizes these 
charges on a straight-line basis over the life of the contract or the average contract duration to obtain the appropriate expense 
recognition timing. 
Costs to Obtain a Contract — The Company capitalizes incremental direct costs to obtain a contract, primarily sales 
commissions and employer taxes related to commission payments, if the costs are deemed to be recoverable.  The Company has 
elected, as a practical expedient, to expense as incurred costs to obtain a contract equal to or less than one year in duration.  
Capitalized costs are deferred and amortized over the period of contract performance or the estimated life of the customer 
relationship, if renewals are expected, and are typically amortized over an average period of one to five years.  Amortization 
expense is recognized on a straight-line basis and included in selling, general, and administrative expenses in the Consolidated 
Statements of Income.  
Table of Contents
DELL TECHNOLOGIES INC.
NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (continued)
91

The Company periodically reviews these deferred costs to determine whether events or changes in circumstances have occurred 
that could impact the carrying value or period of benefit of the deferred sales commissions.  There were no material impairment 
losses for deferred costs to obtain a contract during the fiscal years ended February 2, 2024, February 3, 2023, and January 28, 
2022.
Deferred costs to obtain a contract as of February 2, 2024 and February 3, 2023 were $674 million and $726 million, 
respectively.  Deferred costs to obtain a contract are classified as current assets and other non-current assets on the Consolidated 
Statements of Financial Position, based on when the expense is expected to be recognized.  Amortization of costs to obtain a 
contract during the fiscal years ended February 2, 2024, February 3, 2023, and January 28, 2022 was $383 million, $390 
million, and $380 million, respectively.
Standard Warranty Liabilities — The Company records warranty liabilities for estimated costs of fulfilling its obligations under 
standard limited hardware and software warranties at the time of sale.  The liabilities for standard warranties are included in 
accrued and other and in other non-current liabilities in the Consolidated Statements of Financial Position.  The specific 
warranty terms and conditions vary depending upon the product sold and the country in which the Company does business, but 
generally include technical support, parts, and labor over a period ranging from one to three years.  Factors that affect the 
Company’s warranty liabilities include the number of installed units currently under warranty, historical and anticipated rates of 
warranty claims on those units, and cost per claim to satisfy the Company’s warranty obligation.  The anticipated rate of 
warranty claims is the primary estimate used in determining the warranty liability and is relatively predictable using historical 
experience of failure rates.  The average remaining aggregate warranty period of the covered installed base is approximately 17 
months, repair parts are generally already in stock or available at pre-determined prices, and labor rates are generally arranged 
at preestablished amounts with service providers.  If actual results differ from the estimates, the Company revises its estimated 
warranty liability.  Each quarter, the Company reevaluates its estimates to assess the adequacy of its recorded warranty 
liabilities and adjusts the amounts as necessary.
Consideration Received from Vendors — The Company may receive consideration from vendors in the normal course of 
business.  Certain of these funds received as consideration are rebates of purchase price paid and others are related to 
reimbursement of costs incurred by the Company to sell the vendor’s products.  The Company recognizes a reduction of cost of 
goods sold if the funds are determined to be a reduction of the price of the vendor’s products.  If the consideration is a 
reimbursement of costs incurred by the Company to sell or develop the vendor’s products, the consideration is classified as a 
reduction of such costs, most often operating expenses, in the Consolidated Statements of Income.  In order to be recognized as 
a reduction of operating expenses, the reimbursement must be for a specific, incremental, and identifiable cost incurred by the 
Company in selling the vendor’s products or services.
Loss Contingencies — The Company is subject to the possibility of various losses arising in the ordinary course of business.  In 
determining loss contingencies, the Company considers the likelihood of loss or impairment of an asset or the incurrence of a 
liability, as well as the Company’s ability to reasonably estimate the amount of loss.  An estimated loss contingency is accrued 
when it is probable that an asset has been impaired or a liability has been incurred and the amount of loss can be reasonably 
estimated.  The Company regularly evaluates current information available to determine whether such accruals should be 
adjusted and whether new accruals are required.
Shipping Costs — The Company’s shipping and handling costs are included in cost of net revenue in the Consolidated 
Statements of Income.
Selling, General, and Administrative — Selling expenses include items such as sales salaries and commissions, marketing and 
advertising costs, and contractor services.  Advertising costs are expensed as incurred in selling, general, and administrative 
expenses in the Consolidated Statements of Income.  For the fiscal years ended February 2, 2024, February 3, 2023, and 
January 28, 2022, advertising expenses were $0.9 billion, $1.1 billion, and $1.3 billion, respectively.  General and 
administrative expenses include items for the Company’s administrative functions, such as finance, legal, human resources, and 
information technology support.  These functions include costs for items such as salaries and benefits and other personnel-
related costs, maintenance and supplies, outside services, intangible asset amortization, and depreciation expense.
Table of Contents
DELL TECHNOLOGIES INC.
NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (continued)
92

Research and Development — Research and development (“R&D”) costs are primarily expensed as incurred.  As noted in 
Capitalized Software Development Costs in this Note, qualifying software development costs are capitalized and amortized 
over time.  R&D costs include salaries and benefits and other personnel-related costs associated with product development.  
Also included in R&D expenses are infrastructure costs, which consist of equipment and material costs, facilities-related costs, 
and depreciation expense.
Income Taxes — The Company calculates a provision for income taxes using the asset and liability method, under which 
deferred tax assets and liabilities are recognized by identifying the temporary differences arising from the different treatment of 
items for tax and accounting purposes.  Deferred tax assets and liabilities are recorded using enacted tax rates in effect for the 
year in which the differences are expected to reverse.  The Company accounts for the tax impact of including Global Intangible 
Low-Taxed Income (GILTI) in U.S. taxable income as a period cost.  The Company provides valuation allowances for deferred 
tax assets, where appropriate.  In assessing the need for a valuation allowance, the Company considers all available evidence for 
each jurisdiction, including past operating results, estimates of future taxable income, and the feasibility of ongoing tax 
planning strategies.  In the event the Company determines that all or part of the net deferred tax assets are not realizable in the 
future, the Company will make an adjustment to the valuation allowance that will be charged to earnings in the period in which 
such a determination is made.
The accounting guidance for uncertainties in income tax prescribes a comprehensive model for the financial statement 
recognition, measurement, presentation, and disclosure of uncertain tax positions taken or expected to be taken in income tax 
returns.  The Company recognizes a tax benefit from an uncertain tax position in the financial statements only when it is more 
likely than not that the position will be sustained upon examination, including resolution of any related appeals or litigation 
processes, based on the technical merits and a consideration of the relevant taxing authority’s administrative practices and 
precedents.
Stock-Based Compensation — The Company measures stock-based compensation expense for all share-based awards granted 
based on the estimated fair value of those awards at grant date.  To estimate the fair value of performance-based awards 
containing a market condition, the Company uses the Monte Carlo valuation model.  The fair value of other share-based awards 
is generally based on the closing price of the Class C Common Stock as reported on the New York Stock Exchange (“NYSE”) 
on the date of grant.
The compensation cost of service-based stock options, restricted stock, and restricted stock units is recognized net of any 
estimated forfeitures on a straight-line basis over the employee requisite service period.  Compensation cost for performance-
based awards is recognized on a graded accelerated basis net of estimated forfeitures over the requisite service period.  
Forfeiture rates are estimated at grant date based on historical experience and adjusted in subsequent periods for differences in 
actual forfeitures from those estimates. 
Recently Issued Accounting Pronouncements
Segment Reporting — In November 2023, the Financial Accounting Standards Board (“FASB”) issued guidance to improve 
disclosures about a public entity’s reportable segments by requiring disclosure of additional information about a reportable 
segment’s expenses on an annual and interim basis.  Public entities must adopt the new guidance for fiscal years beginning after 
December 15, 2023, with early adoption permitted.  Upon adoption, the guidance is required to be applied retrospectively to all 
prior periods presented in the financial statements.  Adoption of this new guidance will result in increased disclosures in the 
Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements.
Income Taxes — In December 2023, the FASB issued guidance which requires companies to provide disaggregated income tax 
disclosures within the income tax rate reconciliation and income taxes paid.  Public entities must adopt the new guidance for 
fiscal years beginning after December 15, 2024, with early adoption permitted.  Upon adoption, the guidance can be applied 
prospectively or retrospectively.  Adoption of this new guidance will result in increased disclosures in the Notes to the 
Consolidated Financial Statements.
Table of Contents
DELL TECHNOLOGIES INC.
NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (continued)
93

NOTE 3 — DISCONTINUED OPERATIONS
VMware Spin-Off — As disclosed in Note 1 of the Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements, on November 1, 2021, the 
Company completed its spin-off of VMware by means of a special stock dividend of 30,678,605 shares of Class A common 
stock and 307,221,836 shares of Class B common stock of VMware to Dell Technologies stockholders of record as of October 
29, 2021.  VMware paid a cash dividend, pro rata, to each of the holders of VMware common stock in an aggregate amount 
equal to $11.5 billion, of which Dell Technologies received $9.3 billion. 
Dell Technologies determined that the VMware Spin-off, and related distributions, qualified as tax-free for U.S. federal income 
tax purposes, which required significant judgment by management.  In making these determinations, Dell Technologies applied 
U.S. federal tax law to relevant facts and circumstances and obtained a favorable private letter ruling from the Internal Revenue 
Service, a tax opinion, and other external tax advice related to the concluded tax treatment.  If the completed transactions were 
to fail to qualify for tax-free treatment for U.S. federal income tax purposes, the Company could be subject to significant 
liabilities, which could have material adverse impacts on the Company’s business, financial condition, results of operations and 
cash flows in future reporting periods.
In connection with and upon completion of the VMware Spin-off, Dell Technologies and VMware entered into various 
agreements that provided a framework for the relationship between the companies after the transaction, including, among 
others, a commercial framework agreement, a tax matters agreement, and a transition services agreement.
The Commercial Framework Agreement (“CFA”) provided a framework under which the Company and VMware continued 
their commercial relationship after the transaction, particularly with respect to projects mutually agreed by the parties as having 
the potential to accelerate the growth of an industry, product, service, or platform that may provide one or both companies with 
a strategic market opportunity.  
On November 22, 2023, VMware was acquired by Broadcom, Inc. (“Broadcom”).  Following the acquisition, Broadcom 
announced changes to its go-to-market approach for VMware offerings, which impacted the Company’s commercial 
relationship with VMware.  In response to such changes, on January 25, 2024, under a provision of the CFA permitting the 
Company to terminate the agreement upon a change in control of VMware, the Company delivered notice of termination of the 
CFA to Broadcom under which the agreement will terminate on March 25, 2024. 
Cash flows between Dell Technologies and VMware for the periods presented primarily relate to the Company’s resale of 
VMware’s standalone products and services and sale of Dell Technologies’ offerings integrated with select VMware products 
and services.  See Note 20 of the Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements for additional information regarding 
transactions between Dell Technologies and VMware. 
In accordance with applicable accounting guidance, the results of VMware, excluding Dell Technologies’ resale of VMware 
offerings, are presented as discontinued operations in the Consolidated Statements of Income and, as such, have been excluded 
from both continuing operations and segment results for the fiscal year ended January 28, 2022.  The Consolidated Statements 
of Cash Flows are presented on a consolidated basis for both continuing operations and discontinued operations for the fiscal 
year ended January 28, 2022.
The tax matters agreement between the Company and VMware governs the respective rights, responsibilities, and obligations of 
Dell Technologies and VMware with respect to tax liabilities (including taxes, if any, incurred as a result of any failure of the 
VMware Spin-off to qualify for tax-free treatment for U.S. federal income tax purposes) and benefits, tax attributes, the 
preparation and filing of tax returns, the control of audits and other tax proceedings, cooperation, and other matters regarding 
tax.
The transition services agreement between the Company and VMware governed the various administrative services which the 
Company provided to VMware on an interim transitional basis.  Transition services were fulfilled and concluded during the 
fiscal year ended February 3, 2023. 
Table of Contents
DELL TECHNOLOGIES INC.
NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (continued)
94

The following table presents key components of “Income from discontinued operations, net of income taxes” for the fiscal year 
ended January 28, 2022:
Fiscal Year Ended
January 28, 2022
(in millions)
Net revenue
$ 
5,798 
Cost of net revenue
 
(1,632) 
Operating expenses
 
6,384 
Interest and other, net
 
232 
Income from discontinued operations before income taxes
 
814 
Income tax expense
 
49 
Income from discontinued operations, net of income taxes
$ 
765 
____________________
The table above reflects the offsetting effects of historical intercompany transactions which are presented on a gross basis 
within continuing operations on the Consolidated Statements of Income. 
The following table presents significant cash flow items from discontinued operations for the fiscal year ended January 28, 
2022 included within the Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows:
Fiscal Year Ended
January 28, 2022
(in millions)
Depreciation and amortization
$ 
1,004 
Capital expenditures
$ 
263 
Stock-based compensation expense
$ 
814 
Table of Contents
DELL TECHNOLOGIES INC.
NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (continued)
95

NOTE 4 — FAIR VALUE MEASUREMENTS
The following table presents the Company’s hierarchy for its assets and liabilities measured at fair value on a recurring basis as 
of the dates indicated:
 
February 2, 2024
February 3, 2023
 
Level 1
Level 2
Level 3
Total
Level 1
Level 2
Level 3
Total
 
Quoted 
Prices in 
Active 
Markets 
for 
Identical 
Assets
Significant 
Other 
Observable 
Inputs
Significant 
Unobservable 
Inputs
 
Quoted 
Prices in 
Active 
Markets 
for 
Identical 
Assets
Significant 
Other 
Observable 
Inputs
Significant 
Unobservable 
Inputs
 
 
(in millions)
Assets:
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Money market funds
$ 
3,170 
$ 
— 
$ 
— 
$ 3,170 
$ 
4,301 
$ 
— 
$ 
— 
$ 4,301 
Marketable equity and 
other securities
 
10 
 
— 
 
— 
 
10 
 
33 
 
— 
 
— 
 
33 
Derivative instruments
 
— 
 
104 
 
— 
 
104 
 
— 
 
295 
 
— 
 
295 
Total assets
$ 
3,180 
$ 
104 
$ 
— 
$ 3,284 
$ 
4,334 
$ 
295 
$ 
— 
$ 4,629 
Liabilities:
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Derivative instruments
$ 
— 
$ 
84 
$ 
— 
$ 
84 
$ 
— 
$ 
460 
$ 
— 
$ 
460 
Total liabilities
$ 
— 
$ 
84 
$ 
— 
$ 
84 
$ 
— 
$ 
460 
$ 
— 
$ 
460 
The following section describes the valuation methodologies the Company uses to measure financial instruments at fair value.
Money Market Funds — The Company’s investment in money market funds that are classified as cash equivalents hold 
underlying investments with a weighted average maturity of 90 days or less and are recognized at fair value.  The valuations of 
these securities are based on quoted prices in active markets for identical assets, when available, or pricing models whereby all 
significant inputs are observable or can be derived from or corroborated by observable market data.  The Company reviews 
security pricing and assesses money market fund liquidity on a quarterly basis.  As of February 2, 2024, the Company’s 
portfolio had no material exposure to money market funds with a fluctuating net asset value. 
Marketable Equity and Other Securities — The Company’s investments in equity and other securities that are measured at fair 
value on a recurring basis consist of strategic investments in publicly-traded companies.  The valuation of these securities is 
based on quoted prices in active markets.
Derivative Instruments — The Company’s derivative financial instruments consist primarily of foreign currency forward and 
purchased option contracts and interest rate swaps.  The fair value of the portfolio is determined using valuation models based 
on market observable inputs, including interest rate curves, forward and spot prices for currencies, and implied volatilities.  
Credit risk is also factored into the fair value calculation of the Company’s derivative financial instrument portfolio.  See Note 9 
of the Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements for a description of the Company’s derivative financial instrument 
activities.
Deferred Compensation Plans — The Company offers deferred compensation plans for eligible employees, which allow 
participants to defer a portion of their compensation.  Assets were the same as liabilities associated with the plans at 
approximately $214 million and $179 million as of February 2, 2024 and February 3, 2023, respectively, and are included in 
other assets and other liabilities on the Consolidated Statements of Financial Position.  The net impact to the Consolidated 
Statements of Income is not material since changes in the fair value of the assets substantially offset changes in the fair value of 
the liabilities.  As such, assets and liabilities associated with these plans have not been included in the recurring fair value table 
above. 
Table of Contents
DELL TECHNOLOGIES INC.
NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (continued)
96

Assets and Liabilities Measured at Fair Value on a Nonrecurring Basis — Certain assets are measured at fair value on a 
nonrecurring basis and therefore are not included in the recurring fair value table above.  These assets consist primarily of non-
financial assets such as goodwill and intangible assets.  See Note 10 of the Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements for 
additional information about goodwill and intangible assets.
As of both February 2, 2024 and February 3, 2023, the Company held strategic investments in non-marketable equity and other 
securities of $1.3 billion.  As these investments represent early-stage companies without readily determinable fair values, they 
are not included in the recurring fair value table above.  See Note 5 of the Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements for 
additional information about the Company’s strategic investments. 
Carrying Value and Estimated Fair Value of Outstanding Debt — The following table presents the carrying value and 
estimated fair value of the Company’s outstanding debt as described in Note 8 of the Notes to the Consolidated Financial 
Statements, including the current portion, as of the dates indicated:
February 2, 2024
February 3, 2023
Carrying Value
Fair Value
Carrying Value
Fair Value
(in billions)
Senior Notes
$ 
15.5 $ 
15.8 $ 
18.1 $ 
18.2 
Legacy Notes and Debentures
$ 
0.9 $ 
1.0 $ 
0.9 $ 
1.0 
DFS Debt
$ 
9.5 $ 
9.1 $ 
10.3 $ 
9.9 
The fair values of the outstanding debt shown in the table above were determined based on observable market prices in a less 
active market or based on valuation methodologies using observable inputs and were categorized as Level 2 in the fair value 
hierarchy.
Table of Contents
DELL TECHNOLOGIES INC.
NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (continued)
97

NOTE 5 — INVESTMENTS
The Company has strategic investments in equity and other securities as well as investments in fixed income debt securities.  
All equity and other securities as well as long-term fixed income debt securities are recorded as long-term investments while 
short-term fixed income debt securities are recorded as other current assets in the Consolidated Statements of Financial 
Position.  
As of both February 2, 2024 and February 3, 2023, total investments were $1.6 billion.
Equity and Other Securities
Equity and other securities include strategic investments in marketable and non-marketable securities.  Investments in 
marketable securities are measured at fair value on a recurring basis.  The Company has elected to apply the measurement 
alternative for non-marketable securities.  Under the alternative, the Company measures investments without readily 
determinable fair values at cost, less impairment, adjusted by observable price changes.  The Company makes a separate 
election to use the alternative for each eligible investment and is required to reassess at each reporting period whether an 
investment qualifies for the alternative.  In evaluating these investments for impairment or observable price changes, the 
Company uses inputs including pre- and post-money valuations of recent financing events and the impact of those events on its 
fully diluted ownership percentages, as well as other available information regarding the issuer’s historical and forecasted 
performance.
Carrying Value of Equity and Other Securities
The following table presents the cost, cumulative unrealized gains, cumulative unrealized losses, and carrying value of the 
Company's strategic investments in marketable and non-marketable equity securities as of the dates indicated: 
February 2, 2024
February 3, 2023
Cost
Unrealized 
Gain
Unrealized 
Loss
Carrying 
Value
Cost
Unrealized 
Gain
Unrealized 
Loss
Carrying 
Value
(in millions)
Marketable
$ 
12 $ 
24 $ 
(26) $ 
10 $ 
56 $ 
17 $ 
(40) $ 
33 
Non-marketable
 
732  
1,015  
(454)  
1,293  
714  
651  
(100)  
1,265 
Total equity and 
other securities
$ 
744 $ 
1,039 $ 
(480) $ 
1,303 $ 
770 $ 
668 $ 
(140) $ 
1,298 
Table of Contents
DELL TECHNOLOGIES INC.
NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (continued)
98

Gains and Losses on Equity and Other Securities
The following table presents unrealized gains and losses on marketable and non-marketable equity and other securities for the 
periods indicated:
Fiscal Year Ended
February 2, 2024
February 3, 2023
January 28, 2022
(in millions)
Marketable securities:
Unrealized gain
$ 
6 $ 
57 $ 
45 
Unrealized loss
 
(24)  
(47)  
(151) 
Net unrealized gain (loss)
 
(18)  
10  
(106) 
Non-marketable securities:
Unrealized gain
 
84  
90  
604 
Unrealized loss
 
(49)  
(349)  
(43) 
Net unrealized gain (loss) (a) (b)
 
35  
(259)  
561 
Net unrealized gain (loss) on equity and other securities
$ 
17 $ 
(249) $ 
455 
____________________
(a) For the fiscal year ended February 2, 2024 and January 28, 2022, net unrealized gains on non-marketable securities were 
due to upward adjustments for observable price changes offset by losses primarily attributable to downward adjustments 
for observable price changes or impairments.
(b) For the fiscal year ended February 3, 2023, net unrealized losses on non-marketable securities were primarily attributable 
to the recognition of impairments which were generally in line with extended public equity market declines. 
Fixed Income Debt Securities
The Company has fixed income debt securities carried at amortized cost which are primarily held as collateral for borrowings.  
The Company intends to hold the investments to maturity.  As of February 2, 2024, the Company held $288 million in fixed 
income debt securities which will mature within one year and $13 million in fixed income debt securities which will mature 
within five years.
The following table summarizes the Company’s debt securities as of the dates indicated:
February 2, 2024
February 3, 2023
Cost
Unrealized 
Gain
Unrealized 
Loss
Carrying 
Value
Cost
Unrealized 
Gain
Unrealized 
Loss
Carrying 
Value
(in millions)
Fixed income 
debt securities
$ 
325 $ 
67 $ 
(91) $ 
301 $ 
348 $ 
65 $ 
(95) $ 
318 
Table of Contents
DELL TECHNOLOGIES INC.
NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (continued)
99

NOTE 6 — FINANCIAL SERVICES
The Company offers or arranges various financing options and alternative payment structures for its customers globally.  
Alternative payment structures consist of various flexible consumption models, including utility, subscription, and as-a-Service 
models. 
Financing options are offered to the Company’s customers primarily through Dell Financial Services and its affiliates (“DFS”).  
The Company also arranges financing for some of its customers in various countries where DFS does not currently operate as a 
captive enterprise.  The key activities of DFS include originating, collecting, and servicing customer financing arrangements 
primarily related to the purchase or use of Dell Technologies products and services.  In some cases, DFS also offers financing 
for the purchase of third-party technology products that complement the Dell Technologies portfolio of products and services.  
New financing originations were $8.4 billion, $9.7 billion, and $8.5 billion for the fiscal years ended February 2, 2024, 
February 3, 2023, and January 28, 2022, respectively. 
The Company’s lease and loan arrangements with customers are aggregated primarily into the following categories:
Fixed-term leases and loans — The Company enters into financing arrangements with customers who seek lease financing 
for equipment.  DFS leases are generally classified as sales-type leases or operating leases.  Leases with business customers 
have fixed terms of generally two to four years.  
The Company also offers fixed-term loans to qualified small businesses, large commercial accounts, governmental 
organizations, educational entities, and certain individual consumer customers.  These loans are repaid in equal payments 
including interest and have defined terms of generally three to five years.  The fair value of the fixed-term loan portfolio is 
determined using market observable inputs.  The carrying value of these loans approximates fair value.  
Revolving loans — Revolving loans offered under a private label credit financing program,  referred to as Dell Business 
Credit (“DBC”), provide qualified customers with a revolving credit line for the purchase of products and services offered 
by Dell Technologies.  The DBC product is primarily offered to small and medium-sized commercial customers.  
Revolving loans in the United States bear interest at a variable annual percentage rate that is tied to the prime rate.  Based 
on historical payment patterns, revolving loan transactions are typically repaid within twelve months on average.  Due to 
the short-term nature of the revolving loan portfolio, the carrying value of the portfolio approximates fair value.
Prior to the sale of the U.S. consumer revolving customer receivables portfolio described in Note 1 of the Notes to the 
Consolidated Financial Statements, the Company also offered private label credit financing under the Dell Preferred 
Account (“DPA”) program.  The DPA product was primarily offered to individual consumer customers.  
Flexible consumption models, as defined above, further enable the Company to offer its customers the option to pay over time 
to provide them with financial and operational flexibility.  Such models may result in identification of embedded lease 
arrangements that lead to the recognition of operating or sales-type leases.
Table of Contents
DELL TECHNOLOGIES INC.
NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (continued)
100

Financing Receivables
The following table presents the components of the Company’s financing receivables segregated by portfolio segment as of the 
dates indicated:
 
February 2, 2024
February 3, 2023
Revolving
Fixed-term
Total
Revolving
Fixed-term
Total
 
(in millions)
Financing receivables, net:
 
 
Customer receivables, gross (a) (b)
$ 
173 $ 
10,360 $ 
10,533 $ 
685 $ 
10,293 $ 
10,978 
Allowances for losses
 
(9)  
(161)  
(170)  
(88)  
(113)  
(201) 
Customer receivables, net
 
164  
10,199  
10,363  
597  
10,180  
10,777 
Residual interest
 
—  
157  
157  
—  
142  
142 
Financing receivables, net
$ 
164 $ 
10,356 $ 
10,520 $ 
597 $ 
10,322 $ 
10,919 
Short-term
$ 
164 $ 
4,479 $ 
4,643 $ 
597 $ 
4,684 $ 
5,281 
Long-term
$ 
— $ 
5,877 $ 
5,877 $ 
— $ 
5,638 $ 
5,638 
____________________
(a) Customer receivables, gross include amounts due from customers under revolving loans, fixed-term loans, fixed-term 
leases, and accrued interest.
(b) The decrease in revolving customer financing receivables is primarily attributable to the sale of the U.S. consumer 
revolving customer receivables portfolio described in Note 1 of the Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements.
The following table presents the changes in allowance for financing receivables losses for the periods indicated:
Revolving
Fixed-term
Total
(in millions)
Allowance for financing receivables losses:
Balances as of January 29, 2021
$ 
148 $ 
173 $ 
321 
Charge-offs, net of recoveries
 
(43)  
(29)  
(72) 
Provision charged to income statement
 
(3)  
(57)  
(60) 
Balances as of January 28, 2022
 
102  
87  
189 
Charge-offs, net of recoveries
 
(52)  
(8)  
(60) 
Provision charged to income statement
 
38  
34  
72 
Balances as of February 3, 2023
 
88  
113  
201 
Charge-offs, net of recoveries
 
(41)  
(8)  
(49) 
Provision charged to income statement
 
36  
56  
92 
Other (a)
 
(74)  
—  
(74) 
Balances as of February 2, 2024
$ 
9 $ 
161 $ 
170 
____________________
(a) Other represents the derecognition of the allowance for financing receivables losses related to the sale of the U.S. consumer 
revolving customer receivables portfolio described in Note 1 of the Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements.
The Company recognizes an allowance for financing receivables losses, including both the lease receivable and unguaranteed 
residual, in an amount equal to the expected losses net of recoveries.  The allowance for financing receivables losses on the 
lease receivable is determined based on various factors, including lifetime expected losses determined using macroeconomic 
forecast assumptions and management judgments applicable to and through the expected life of the portfolios as well as past 
due receivables, receivable type, and customer risk profile.  The Company continues to monitor broader economic indicators 
and their potential impact on future credit loss performance.  
Table of Contents
DELL TECHNOLOGIES INC.
NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (continued)
101

Aging
The following table presents the aging of the Company’s customer financing receivables, gross, including accrued interest, 
segregated by class, as of the dates indicated:
February 2, 2024
February 3, 2023
Current
Past Due
1 — 90 
Days
Past Due
>90 
Days
Total
Current
Past Due
1 — 90 
Days
Past Due
>90 
Days
Total
(in millions)
Revolving — DPA
$ 
3 $ 
— $ 
— $ 
3 $ 
457 $ 
34 $ 
17 $ 
508 
Revolving — DBC
 
148  
17  
5  
170  
154  
19  
4  
177 
Fixed-term — Consumer and 
Commercial
 
9,345  
889  
126  10,360  
9,309  
927  
57  10,293 
Total customer receivables, 
gross
$ 9,496 $ 
906 $ 
131 $ 10,533 $ 9,920 $ 
980 $ 
78 $ 10,978 
Aging is likely to fluctuate as a result of the variability in volume of large transactions entered into over the period, and the 
administrative processes that accompany those transactions.  Aging is also impacted by the timing of the Company’s fiscal 
period end date relative to calendar month-end customer payment due dates.  As a result of these factors, fluctuations in aging 
from period to period do not necessarily indicate a material change in the collectibility of the portfolio.
Fixed-term consumer and commercial customer receivables are placed on non-accrual status if principal or interest is past due 
and considered delinquent, or if there is concern about the collectibility of a specific customer receivable.  The receivables 
identified as doubtful for collectibility may be classified as current for aging purposes.  Aged revolving portfolio customer 
receivables identified as delinquent are charged off.
Table of Contents
DELL TECHNOLOGIES INC.
NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (continued)
102

Credit Quality
The following tables present customer receivables, gross, including accrued interest, by credit quality indicator, segregated by 
class, as of the dates indicated: 
February 2, 2024
Fixed-term — Consumer and Commercial
Fiscal Year of Origination
2024
2023
2022
2021
2020
Years 
Prior
Revolving 
— DPA
Revolving 
— DBC
Total
(in millions)
Higher
$ 3,261 $ 1,979 $ 
833 $ 
345 $ 
64 $ 
— $ 
1 $ 
46 $ 
6,529 
Mid
 
1,111  
911  
290  
86  
19  
—  
1  
49  
2,467 
Lower
 
703  
469  
187  
80  
21  
1  
1  
75  
1,537 
Total
$ 5,075 $ 3,359 $ 1,310 $ 
511 $ 
104 $ 
1 $ 
3 $ 
170 $ 10,533 
February 3, 2023
Fixed-term — Consumer and Commercial
Fiscal Year of Origination
2023
2022
2021
2020
2019
Years 
Prior
Revolving 
— DPA
Revolving 
— DBC
Total
(in millions)
Higher
$ 3,210 $ 1,805 $ 
914 $ 
343 $ 
37 $ 
1 $ 
123 $ 
44 $ 
6,477 
Mid
 
1,242  
631  
362  
119  
17  
1  
136  
54  
2,562 
Lower
 
1,017  
364  
157  
65  
7  
1  
249  
79  
1,939 
Total
$ 5,469 $ 2,800 $ 1,433 $ 
527 $ 
61 $ 
3 $ 
508 $ 
177 $ 10,978 
The categories shown in the tables above segregate customer receivables based on the relative degrees of credit risk.  Credit 
quality indicators for DBC revolving and fixed-term accounts are generally updated on a periodic basis.
For the DBC revolving receivables and fixed-term commercial receivables shown in the table above, an internal grading system 
is utilized that assigns a credit level score based on a number of considerations, including liquidity, operating performance, and 
industry outlook.  The grading criteria and classifications for the fixed-term products differ from those for the revolving 
products as loss experience varies between these product and customer groups.  The credit quality categories cannot be 
compared between the different classes as loss experience varies substantially between the classes.  Prior to the sale of the U.S. 
consumer revolving customer receivables revolving portfolio described in Note 1 of the Notes to the Consolidated Financial 
Statements, the Company made credit decisions for the DPA revolving receivables based on proprietary scorecards, which 
included the customer’s credit history, payment history, credit usage, and other credit agency-related elements.  The higher 
quality category included prime accounts generally comparable to U.S. customer FICO scores of 720 or above.  The mid 
category represented mid-tier accounts that are comparable to U.S. customer FICO scores from 660 to 719.  The lower category 
represented accounts that are comparable to U.S. customer FICO scores below 660. 
Table of Contents
DELL TECHNOLOGIES INC.
NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (continued)
103

Leases
The following table presents amounts included in the Consolidated Statements of Income related to sales-type lease activity for 
the periods indicated: 
Fiscal Year Ended
February 2, 2024
February 3, 2023
January 28, 2022
(in millions)
Interest income — products
$ 
175 $ 
161 $ 
246 
Net revenue — products
$ 
1,140 $ 
851 $ 
756 
Cost of net revenue — products
 
854  
727  
583 
Gross margin — products
$ 
286 $ 
124 $ 
173 
The following table presents the future maturity of the Company’s fixed-term customer leases and associated financing 
payments, and reconciles the undiscounted cash flows to the customer receivables, gross recognized on the Consolidated 
Statements of Financial Position as of the date indicated: 
February 2, 2024
(in millions)
Fiscal 2025
$ 
2,579 
Fiscal 2026
 
1,944 
Fiscal 2027
 
1,129 
Fiscal 2028
 
414 
Fiscal 2029 and beyond
 
153 
Total undiscounted cash flows
 
6,219 
Fixed-term loans
 
5,177 
Revolving loans
 
173 
Less: Unearned income
 
(1,036) 
Total customer receivables, gross
$ 
10,533 
Operating Leases
The Company’s operating leases primarily consist of DFS captive fixed-term leases and contractually committed embedded 
leases identified within flexible consumption arrangements.
The following table presents the components of the Company’s operating lease portfolio included in property, plant, and 
equipment, net as of the dates indicated: 
February 2, 2024
February 3, 2023
(in millions)
Equipment under operating lease, gross
$ 
4,002 $ 
3,725 
Less: Accumulated depreciation
 
(1,800)  
(1,517) 
Equipment under operating lease, net
$ 
2,202 $ 
2,208 
Table of Contents
DELL TECHNOLOGIES INC.
NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (continued)
104

The following table presents operating lease income related to lease payments and depreciation expense for the Company’s 
operating lease portfolio for the periods indicated:
Fiscal Year Ended
February 2, 2024
February 3, 2023
January 28, 2022
(in millions)
Income related to lease payments
$ 
1,353 $ 
1,091 $ 
717 
Depreciation expense 
$ 
941 $ 
803 $ 
536 
The following table presents the future payments to be received by the Company in operating lease contracts as of the date 
indicated:
February 2, 2024
(in millions)
Fiscal 2025
$ 
1,133 
Fiscal 2026
 
754 
Fiscal 2027
 
374 
Fiscal 2028
 
135 
Fiscal 2029 and beyond
 
52 
Total
$ 
2,448 
DFS Debt
The Company maintains programs that facilitate the funding of leases, loans, and other alternative payment structures in the 
capital markets.  The majority of DFS debt is non-recourse to Dell Technologies and represents borrowings under securitization 
programs and structured financing programs, for which the Company’s risk of loss is limited to transferred loan and lease 
payments and associated equipment.  
The following table presents DFS debt as of the dates indicated and excludes the allocated portion of the Company’s other 
borrowings, which represents the additional amount considered to fund the DFS business:
February 2, 2024
February 3, 2023
DFS debt
(in millions)
DFS U.S. debt:
Asset-based financing and securitization facilities
$ 
2,730 $ 
3,987 
Fixed-term securitization offerings 
 
3,157  
2,679 
Other
 
28  
76 
Total DFS U.S. debt
 
5,915  
6,742 
DFS international debt:
Securitization facility
 
761  
790 
Other borrowings
 
935  
871 
Note payable
 
250  
250 
Dell Bank senior unsecured eurobonds
 
1,631  
1,637 
Total DFS international debt
 
3,577  
3,548 
Total DFS debt
$ 
9,492 $ 
10,290 
Total short-term DFS debt
$ 
5,863 $ 
5,400 
Total long-term DFS debt
$ 
3,629 $ 
4,890 
Table of Contents
DELL TECHNOLOGIES INC.
NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (continued)
105

DFS U.S. Debt
Asset-Based Financing and Securitization Facilities — The Company maintains separate asset-based financing facilities in the 
United States, which are revolving facilities for fixed-term leases and loans.  This debt is collateralized solely by the U.S. loan 
and lease payments and associated equipment in the facilities.  The debt has a variable interest rate, and the duration of the debt 
is based on the terms of the underlying loan and lease payment streams.  As of February 2, 2024, the total debt capacity related 
to the U.S. asset-based financing facilities was $5.1 billion.  The Company enters into interest swap agreements to effectively 
convert a portion of this debt from a floating rate to a fixed rate.  See Note 9 of the Notes to the Consolidated Financial 
Statements for additional information about the Company’s interest rate swaps.
The Company’s two U.S. asset-based financing facilities for fixed-term leases and loans are effective through July 7, 2025 and 
June 21, 2024, respectively.  The asset-based financing facilities contain standard structural features related to the performance 
of the funded receivables, which include defined credit losses, delinquencies, average credit scores, and minimum collection 
requirements.  In the event one or more of these criteria are not met and the Company is unable to restructure the facility, no 
further funding of receivables will be permitted and the timing of the Company’s expected cash flows from over-
collateralization will be delayed.  As of February 2, 2024, these criteria were met.
The Company previously maintained a U.S. securitization facility for revolving loans.  In connection with the sale of the U.S. 
consumer revolving customer receivables portfolio described in Note 1 of the Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements, 
the Company’s U.S. securitization facility for revolving loans was paid down and terminated during the fiscal year ended 
February 2, 2024.
Fixed-Term Securitization Offerings — The Company periodically issues asset-backed debt securities under fixed-term 
securitization programs to private investors.  The asset-backed debt securities are collateralized solely by the U.S. fixed-term 
lease and loan payments and associated equipment, which are held by Special Purpose Entities (“SPEs”), as discussed below.  
The interest rate on these securities is fixed and ranges from 0.53% to 6.80% per annum as of February 2, 2024, and the 
duration of these securities is based on the terms of the underlying lease and loan payment streams.
DFS International Debt
Securitization Facility — The Company maintains a securitization facility in Europe for fixed-term leases and loans.  The debt 
under this facility has a variable interest rate, and the duration of the debt is based on the terms of the underlying loan and lease 
payment streams.  This facility is effective through December 23, 2024 and had a total debt capacity of $870 million as of 
February 2, 2024. 
The securitization facility contains standard structural features related to the performance of the securitized receivables, which 
include defined credit losses, delinquencies, average credit scores, and minimum collection requirements.  In the event one or 
more of these criteria are not met and the Company is unable to restructure the program, no further funding of receivables will 
be permitted and the timing of the Company’s expected cash flows from over-collateralization will be delayed.  As of 
February 2, 2024, these criteria were met.
Other Borrowings — In connection with the Company’s international financing operations, the Company has entered into 
revolving structured financing debt programs related to its fixed-term lease and loan products sold in Canada, Europe, 
Australia, New Zealand, and the Middle East.  The debt under these programs has a variable interest rate, and the duration of 
the debt is based on the terms of the underlying loan and lease payment streams.  The Canadian facility, which is collateralized 
solely by Canadian loan and lease payments and associated equipment, had a total debt capacity of $336 million as of 
February 2, 2024 and is effective through January 16, 2025.  The European facility, which is collateralized solely by European 
loan and lease payments and associated equipment, had a total debt capacity of $544 million as of February 2, 2024 and is 
effective through June 14, 2025.  The Australia and New Zealand facility, which is collateralized solely by Australia and New 
Zealand loan and lease payments and associated equipment, had a total debt capacity of $296 million as of February 2, 2024 
and is effective through April 20, 2025.  The Middle East facility, which is collateralized solely by Middle East loan and lease 
payments and associated equipment, had a total debt capacity of $150 million as of February 2, 2024 and is effective through 
March 24, 2025.
Table of Contents
DELL TECHNOLOGIES INC.
NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (continued)
106

Note Payable — On May 25, 2022, the Company entered into an unsecured credit agreement to fund receivables in Mexico.  As 
of February 2, 2024, the aggregate principal amount of the note payable was $250 million.  The note bears interest at an annual 
rate of 4.24% and will mature on May 31, 2024.
Dell Bank Senior Unsecured Eurobonds — On June 24, 2020, Dell Bank issued 500 million Euro of 1.625% senior unsecured 
four year eurobonds due June 2024.  On October 27, 2021, Dell Bank issued 500 million Euro of 0.5% senior unsecured five 
year eurobonds due October 2026.  On October 18, 2022, Dell Bank issued 500 million Euro of 4.5% senior unsecured five 
year eurobonds due October 2027.  The issuances of the senior unsecured eurobonds support the expansion of the financing 
operations in Europe.
Variable Interest Entities
In connection with the asset-based financing facilities, securitization facilities, and fixed-term securitization offerings discussed 
above, the Company transfers certain U.S. and European lease and loan payments and associated equipment to SPEs that meet 
the definition of a VIE and are consolidated, along with the associated debt described above, into the Consolidated Financial 
Statements, as the Company is the primary beneficiary of the VIEs.  The SPEs are bankruptcy-remote legal entities with 
separate assets and liabilities.  The purpose of the SPEs is to facilitate the funding of customer loan and lease payments and 
associated equipment in the capital markets.
Some of the SPEs have entered into financing arrangements with multi-seller conduits that, in turn, issue asset-backed debt 
securities in the capital markets.  DFS debt outstanding held by the consolidated VIEs is collateralized by the lease and loan 
payments and associated equipment.  The Company’s risk of loss related to securitized receivables is limited to the amount by 
which the Company’s right to receive collections for assets securitized exceeds the amount required to pay interest, principal, 
and fees and expenses related to the asset-backed securities.  The Company provides credit enhancement to the securitization in 
the form of over-collateralization.
The following table presents the assets and liabilities held by the consolidated VIEs as of the dates indicated, which are 
included in the Consolidated Statements of Financial Position:
 
February 2, 2024
February 3, 2023
 
(in millions)
Assets held by consolidated VIEs
Other current assets
$ 
136 $ 
274 
Financing receivables, net of allowance
Short-term
$ 
3,314 $ 
3,702 
Long-term
$ 
2,747 $ 
3,295 
Property, plant, and equipment, net
$ 
1,081 $ 
1,164 
Liabilities held by consolidated VIEs
Debt, net of unamortized debt issuance costs
Short-term
$ 
4,450 $ 
4,761 
Long-term
$ 
2,184 $ 
2,685 
Lease and loan payments and associated equipment transferred via securitization through SPEs were $4.6 billion and $6.2 
billion for the fiscal years ended February 2, 2024 and February 3, 2023, respectively.
Customer Receivables Sales
To manage certain concentrations of customer credit exposure, the Company may sell selected fixed-term customer receivables 
to unrelated third parties on a periodic basis, without recourse.  The amount of customer receivables sold for this purpose was 
$222 million, $680 million, and $201 million for the fiscal years ended February 2, 2024, February 3, 2023, and January 28, 
2022, respectively.  The Company’s continuing involvement in these customer receivables is primarily limited to servicing 
arrangements.
Table of Contents
DELL TECHNOLOGIES INC.
NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (continued)
107

NOTE 7 — LEASES 
The Company enters into leasing transactions in which the Company is the lessee.  These lease contracts are typically classified 
as operating leases.  The Company’s lease contracts are generally for office buildings used to conduct its business, and the 
determination of whether such contracts contain leases generally does not require significant estimates or judgments.  The 
Company also leases certain global logistics warehouses, employee vehicles, and equipment.  As of February 2, 2024, the 
remaining terms of the Company’s leases range from one month to approximately ten years.  As of February 2, 2024 and 
February 3, 2023, there were no material finance leases in which the Company was a lessee.
The Company also enters into leasing transactions in which the Company is the lessor, primarily through customer financing 
arrangements offered through DFS.  DFS originates leases that are primarily classified as either sales-type leases or operating 
leases.  See Note 6 of the Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements for more information about the Company’s lessor 
arrangements.
The following table presents components of lease costs included in the Consolidated Statements of Income for the periods 
indicated:
Fiscal Year Ended
February 2, 2024
February 3, 2023
(in millions)
Operating lease costs
$ 
291 $ 
283 
Variable costs
 
80  
113 
Total lease costs
$ 
371 $ 
396 
During the fiscal years ended February 2, 2024 and February 3, 2023, sublease income, finance lease costs, and short-term lease 
costs were immaterial. 
The following table presents supplemental information related to operating leases included in the Consolidated Statements of 
Financial Position as of the dates indicated:
Classification
February 2, 2024
February 3, 2023
(in millions, except for term and discount rate)
Operating lease right-of-use assets
Other non-current assets
$ 
707 
$ 
725 
Current operating lease liabilities
Accrued and other current liabilities
$ 
253 
$ 
260 
Non-current operating lease liabilities Other non-current liabilities
 
576 
 
630 
Total operating lease liabilities
$ 
829 
$ 
890 
Weighted-average remaining lease 
term (in years)
4.56
4.95
Weighted-average discount rate
 4.79 %
 3.48 %
Table of Contents
DELL TECHNOLOGIES INC.
NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (continued)
108

The following table presents supplemental cash flow information related to leases for the periods indicated:
Fiscal Year Ended
February 2, 2024
February 3, 2023
(in millions)
Cash paid for amounts included in the measurement of lease liabilities — 
operating cash outflows from operating leases
$ 
300 $ 
306 
Right-of-use assets obtained in exchange for new operating lease liabilities
$ 
247 $ 
226 
The following table presents the future maturity of the Company’s operating lease liabilities under non-cancelable leases and 
reconciles the undiscounted cash flows for these leases to the lease liability recognized on the Consolidated Statements of 
Financial Position as of the date indicated: 
February 2, 2024
(in millions)
Fiscal 2025
$ 
254 
Fiscal 2026
 
207 
Fiscal 2027
 
168 
Fiscal 2028
 
120 
Fiscal 2029
 
77 
Thereafter
 
87 
Total lease payments
 
913 
Less: Imputed interest
 
84 
Total
$ 
829 
Current operating lease liabilities
$ 
253 
Non-current operating lease liabilities
$ 
576 
As of February 2, 2024, the Company’s undiscounted operating leases that had not yet commenced were immaterial.
Table of Contents
DELL TECHNOLOGIES INC.
NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (continued)
109

NOTE 8 — DEBT
The following table summarizes the Company’s outstanding debt as of the dates indicated:
 
February 2, 2024
February 3, 2023
(in millions)
Senior Notes:
5.45% due June 2023
$ 
— $ 
1,000 
4.00% due July 2024
 
1,000  
1,000 
5.85% due July 2025
 
1,000  
1,000 
6.02% due June 2026
 
3,500  
4,500 
4.90% due October 2026
 
1,750  
1,750 
6.10% due July 2027
 
500  
500 
5.25% due February 2028
 
1,000  
1,000 
5.30% due October 2029
 
1,750  
1,750 
6.20% due July 2030
 
750  
750 
5.75% due February 2033
 
1,000  
1,000 
8.10% due July 2036
 
1,000  
1,000 
3.38% due December 2041
 
962  
1,000 
8.35% due July 2046
 
650  
800 
3.45% due December 2051
 
745  
1,250 
Legacy Notes and Debentures:
7.10% due April 2028
 
300  
300 
6.50% due April 2038
 
388  
388 
5.40% due September 2040
 
264  
264 
DFS Debt (Note 6)
 
9,492  
10,290 
Other
 
171  
325 
Total debt, principal amount
$ 
26,222 $ 
29,867 
Unamortized discount, net of unamortized premium
 
(114)  
(133) 
Debt issuance costs
 
(114)  
(146) 
Total debt, carrying value
$ 
25,994 $ 
29,588 
Total short-term debt, carrying value
$ 
6,982 $ 
6,573 
Total long-term debt, carrying value
$ 
19,012 $ 
23,015 
During the fiscal year ended February 2, 2024, the net decrease in the Company’s debt balance was principally attributable to:
•
the repayment of $1.0 billion principal amount of the 5.45% Senior Notes due June 2023;
•
the repayment of $1.0 billion principal amount of the 6.02% Senior Notes due June 2026 in a tender offer; and
•
the repayment of $350 million principal amount of the 3.45% Senior Notes due December 2051 and $150 million 
principal amount of the 8.35% Senior Notes due July 2046 in a tender offer.
The Company recognized an immaterial amount of debt extinguishment costs in interest and other, net in the Consolidated 
Statements of Income in connection with the above repayments.
Subsequent to the close of the fiscal year ended February 2, 2024, the Company issued $1.0 billion aggregate principal amount 
of 5.40% Senior Notes due 2034.  The Company intends to use the net proceeds of the issuance to prepay a portion of the 
outstanding 6.02% Senior Notes due 2026.
Table of Contents
DELL TECHNOLOGIES INC.
NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (continued)
110

Outstanding Debt
Senior Notes — The Company completed offerings of multiple series of senior notes which were issued on June 1, 2016, June 
22, 2016, March 20, 2019, April 9, 2020, December 13, 2021, and January 24, 2023 in aggregate principal amounts of $20.0 
billion, $3.3 billion, $4.5 billion, $2.3 billion, $2.3 billion, and $2.0 billion, respectively (the “Senior Notes”).  Interest on these 
borrowings is payable semiannually.
Legacy Notes and Debentures — The Company has outstanding unsecured notes and debentures (collectively, the “Legacy 
Notes and Debentures”) that were issued by Dell Inc. (“Dell”), a wholly-owned subsidiary of Dell Technologies Inc., prior to 
the acquisition of Dell by Dell Technologies Inc. in the going-private transaction that closed in October 2013.  Interest on these 
borrowings is payable semiannually.
DFS Debt — See Note 6 and Note 9 of the Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements, respectively, for discussion of DFS 
debt and the interest rate swap agreements that hedge a portion of that debt.
2021 Revolving Credit Facility — The Company’s revolving credit facility, which was entered into on November 1, 2021 (the 
“2021 Revolving Credit Facility”), matures on November 1, 2027.  This facility provides the Company with revolving 
commitments in an aggregate principal amount of $6.0 billion for general corporate purposes, including liquidity support for the 
Company’s commercial paper program, and includes a letter of credit sub-facility of up to $0.5 billion and a swing-line loan 
sub-facility of up to $0.5 billion.  The 2021 Revolving Credit Facility also allows the Company to obtain incremental additional 
commitments on one or more occasions in minimum amounts of $10 million. 
Borrowings under the 2021 Revolving Credit Facility bear interest at a rate per annum equal to an applicable margin plus, at the 
borrowers’ option, either (a) the specified adjusted term Secured Overnight Financing Rate (“SOFR”) or (b) a base rate.  The 
margin applicable to SOFR and base rate borrowings varies based upon the Company’s existing credit ratings.  The base rate is 
calculated based upon the greatest of the specified prime rate, the specified federal reserve bank rate, or SOFR plus 1%.  The 
borrowers may voluntarily repay outstanding loans under the 2021 Revolving Credit Facility at any time without premium or 
penalty, other than customary breakage costs.
As of February 2, 2024, the Company had no outstanding borrowings under the 2021 Revolving Credit Facility.
Commercial Paper Program — During Fiscal 2023, the Company established a commercial paper program under which the 
Company may issue unsecured notes in a maximum aggregate face amount of $5.0 billion outstanding at any time, with 
maturities up to 397 days from the date of issuance.  The notes are sold on customary terms in the U.S. commercial paper 
market on a private placement basis.  The proceeds of the notes are used for general corporate purposes.  As of February 2, 
2024, the Company had no outstanding borrowings under the commercial paper program.
The Company may purchase, redeem, prepay, refinance, or otherwise retire any amount of outstanding indebtedness under the 
terms of such indebtedness at any time and from time to time, in open market or negotiated transactions with the holders of 
such indebtedness or otherwise, as considered appropriate in light of market conditions and other relevant factors.
Covenants — The credit agreement governing the 2021 Revolving Credit Facility and the indentures governing the Senior 
Notes and the Legacy Notes and Debentures impose various limitations, subject to exceptions, on creating certain liens and 
entering into sale and lease-back transactions.  The foregoing credit agreement and indentures contain customary events of 
default, including failure to make required payments, failure to comply with covenants, and the occurrence of certain events of 
bankruptcy and insolvency.  The 2021 Revolving Credit Facility is also subject to an interest coverage ratio covenant that is 
tested at the end of each fiscal quarter with respect to the Company’s preceding four fiscal quarters.  The Company was in 
compliance with this financial covenant as of February 2, 2024.
Table of Contents
DELL TECHNOLOGIES INC.
NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (continued)
111

Aggregate Future Maturities 
The following table presents the aggregate future maturities of the Company’s debt as of February 2, 2024 for the periods 
indicated:
 
Maturities by Fiscal Year
 
2025
2026
2027
2028
2029
Thereafter
Total
 
(in millions)
Senior Notes
$ 
1,000 $ 
1,000 $ 
5,250 $ 
500 $ 
1,000 $ 
6,857 $ 
15,607 
Legacy Notes and 
Debentures
 
—  
—  
—  
—  
300  
652  
952 
DFS Debt
 
5,863  
2,127  
878  
618  
6  
—  
9,492 
Other
 
125  
31  
8  
6  
1  
—  
171 
Total maturities, principal 
amount
 
6,988  
3,158  
6,136  
1,124  
1,307  
7,509  
26,222 
Associated carrying value 
adjustments
 
(6)  
(6)  
(33)  
(8)  
(14)  
(161)  
(228) 
Total maturities, carrying 
value amount
$ 
6,982 $ 
3,152 $ 
6,103 $ 
1,116 $ 
1,293 $ 
7,348 $ 
25,994 
Table of Contents
DELL TECHNOLOGIES INC.
NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (continued)
112

NOTE 9 — DERIVATIVE INSTRUMENTS AND HEDGING ACTIVITIES 
As part of its risk management strategy, the Company uses derivative instruments, primarily foreign currency forward and 
option contracts and interest rate swaps, to hedge certain foreign currency and interest rate exposures, respectively.
The Company’s objective is to offset gains and losses resulting from these exposures with gains and losses on the derivative 
contracts used to hedge the exposures, thereby reducing volatility of earnings and protecting the fair values of assets and 
liabilities.  The earnings effects of the derivative instruments are presented in the same income statement line items as the 
earnings effects of the hedged items.  For derivatives designated as cash flow hedges, the Company assesses hedge 
effectiveness both at the onset of the hedge and at regular intervals throughout the life of the instruments.  For derivatives 
designated as fair value hedges, the Company assesses hedge effectiveness on qualifying instruments using the shortcut method 
whereby the hedges are considered perfectly effective at the onset of the hedge and over the life of the hedging relationship.
Foreign Exchange Risk
The Company uses foreign currency forward and option contracts designated as cash flow hedges to protect against the foreign 
currency exchange rate risks inherent in its forecasted transactions denominated in currencies other than the U.S. Dollar.  Hedge 
accounting is applied based upon the criteria established by accounting guidance for derivative instruments and hedging 
activities.  The risk of loss associated with purchased options is limited to premium amounts paid for the option contracts.  The 
risk of loss associated with forward contracts is equal to the exchange rate differential from the time the contract is entered into 
until the time it is settled.  The majority of these contracts typically expire in twelve months or less.
During the fiscal years ended February 2, 2024, February 3, 2023, and January 28, 2022, the Company did not discontinue any 
cash flow hedges related to foreign exchange contracts that had a material impact on the Company’s results of operations due to 
the probability that the forecasted cash flows would not occur.
The Company uses forward contracts to hedge monetary assets and liabilities denominated in a foreign currency.  These 
contracts generally expire in three months or less, are considered economic hedges, and are not designated for hedge 
accounting.  The change in the fair value of these instruments represents a natural hedge as their gains and losses offset the 
changes in the underlying fair value of the monetary assets and liabilities due to movements in currency exchange rates.
In connection with DFS operations in Europe, forward contracts are used to hedge financing receivables denominated in foreign 
currencies other than Euro.  These contracts are not designated for hedge accounting and most expire within three years or less.
Interest Rate Risk
The Company uses interest rate swaps to hedge the variability in cash flows related to the interest rate payments on structured 
financing debt.  The interest rate swaps economically convert the variable rate on the structured financing debt to a fixed 
interest rate to match the underlying fixed rate being received on fixed-term customer leases and loans.  These contracts are not 
designated for hedge accounting and most expire within four years or less.
Interest rate swaps are utilized to manage the interest rate risk, at a portfolio level, associated with DFS operations in Europe.  
The interest rate swaps economically convert the fixed rate on financing receivables to a three-month Euribor floating rate in 
order to match the floating rate nature of the banks’ funding pool.  The Company also uses interest rate swaps to manage the 
cash flows related to interest payments on Eurobonds.  The interest rate swaps economically convert the fixed rate on the 
Company’s bonds to a floating rate to match the underlying lease repayments profile.  These contracts are not designated for 
hedge accounting and most expire within five years or less.
The Company utilizes cross-currency amortizing swaps to hedge the currency and interest rate risk exposure associated with the 
European securitization program.  The cross-currency swaps combine a Euro-based interest rate swap with a British Pound or 
U.S. Dollar foreign exchange forward contract in which the Company pays a fixed or floating British Pound or U.S. Dollar 
amount and receives a fixed or floating amount in Euros linked to the one-month Euribor.  The notional value of the swaps 
amortizes in line with the expected cash flows and run-off of the securitized assets.  The swaps are not designated for hedge 
accounting and expire within five years or less.
Table of Contents
DELL TECHNOLOGIES INC.
NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (continued)
113

Periodically, the Company also uses interest rate swaps to modify the market risk exposures in connection with long-term debt.  
During Fiscal 2023, the Company entered into interest rate swaps designated as fair value hedges intended to hedge a portion of 
its interest rate exposure by converting the fixed interest rate of a certain tranche of debt to a floating interest rate based on the 
benchmark SOFR Overnight Index Swap rate.  The gains and losses related to changes in the fair value of such interest rate 
swaps perfectly offset changes in the fair value of the hedged portion of the underlying debt that were attributable to the 
changes in the underlying benchmark interest rate.  During the fiscal year ended February 2, 2024, the Company repaid the 
hedged debt and terminated the associated interest rate swaps.  
Derivative Instruments
The following table presents the notional amounts of outstanding derivative instruments as of the dates indicated:
 
February 2, 2024
February 3, 2023
 
(in millions)
Foreign exchange contracts:
 
 
Designated as cash flow hedging instruments
$ 
6,339 $ 
7,746 
Non-designated as hedging instruments
 
5,844  
6,833 
Total
$ 
12,183 $ 
14,579 
Interest rate contracts:
Designated as fair value hedging instruments
$ 
— $ 
1,000 
Non-designated as hedging instruments
 
6,551  
7,214 
Total
$ 
6,551 $ 
8,214 
The following table presents the effect of derivative instruments designated as cash flow hedging instruments on the 
Consolidated Statements of Financial Position and the Consolidated Statements of Income for the periods indicated:
Derivatives in Cash Flow 
Hedging Relationships
Gain Recognized in 
Accumulated OCI, Net 
of Tax, on Derivatives
Location of Gain (Loss) 
Reclassified from Accumulated 
OCI into Income
Gain (Loss) Reclassified from 
Accumulated OCI into 
Income
(in millions)
(in millions)
For the fiscal year ended February 2, 2024:
Total net revenue
$ 
(98) 
Foreign exchange contracts
$ 
85 Total cost of net revenue
 
(9) 
Total
$ 
85 Total
$ 
(107) 
For the fiscal year ended February 3, 2023:
Total net revenue
$ 
736 
Foreign exchange contracts
$ 
354 Total cost of net revenue
 
(31) 
Total
$ 
354 Total
$ 
705 
For the fiscal year ended January 28, 2022:
Total net revenue
$ 
158 
Foreign exchange contracts
$ 
374 Total cost of net revenue
 
(3) 
Total
$ 
374 
Income from discontinued 
operations
 
3 
Total
$ 
158 
Table of Contents
DELL TECHNOLOGIES INC.
NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (continued)
114

The following table presents the effect of derivative instruments not designated as hedging instruments on the Consolidated 
Statements of Income for the periods indicated:
Fiscal Year Ended
February 2, 
2024
February 3, 
2023
January 28, 
2022
Location of Gain (Loss) 
Recognized
(in millions)
Foreign exchange contracts
$ 
(35) $ 
(174) $ 
(469) Interest and other, net
Interest rate contracts
 
—  
50  
10 Interest and other, net
Foreign exchange contracts 
 
—  
—  
26 
Income from discontinued 
operations
Total
$ 
(35) $ 
(124) $ 
(433) 
Table of Contents
DELL TECHNOLOGIES INC.
NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (continued)
115

The Company presents its derivative instruments on a net basis in the Consolidated Statements of Financial Position due to the 
right of offset by its counterparties under master netting arrangements.  The following tables present the fair value of those 
derivative instruments presented on a gross basis as of the dates indicated:
 
February 2, 2024
 
Other 
Current
Assets
Other Non-
Current 
Assets
Other 
Current 
Liabilities
Other Non-
Current
Liabilities
Total
Fair Value
 
(in millions)
Derivatives designated as hedging instruments:
Foreign exchange contracts in an asset position
$ 
44 $ 
— $ 
19 $ 
— $ 
63 
Foreign exchange contracts in a liability position
 
(5)  
—  
(15)  
—  
(20) 
Interest rate contracts in an asset position
 
— 
 
— 
 
— 
 
— 
 
— 
Interest rate contracts in a liability position
 
— 
 
— 
 
— 
 
— 
 
— 
Net asset (liability)
 
39  
—  
4  
—  
43 
Derivatives not designated as hedging instruments:
Foreign exchange contracts in an asset position
 
90  
—  
71  
—  
161 
Foreign exchange contracts in a liability position
 
(68)  
—  
(121)  
—  
(189) 
Interest rate contracts in an asset position
 
3  
40  
—  
—  
43 
Interest rate contracts in a liability position
 
—  
—  
(10)  
(28)  
(38) 
Net asset (liability)
 
25  
40  
(60)  
(28)  
(23) 
Total derivatives at fair value
$ 
64 $ 
40 $ 
(56) $ 
(28) $ 
20 
 
February 3, 2023
 
Other 
Current
Assets
Other Non-
Current 
Assets
Other 
Current 
Liabilities
Other Non-
Current
Liabilities
Total
Fair Value
 
(in millions)
Derivatives designated as hedging instruments:
Foreign exchange contracts in an asset position
$ 
7 $ 
— $ 
30 $ 
— $ 
37 
Foreign exchange contracts in a liability position
 
(21)  
—  
(142)  
—  
(163) 
Interest rate contracts in an asset position
 
— 
 
— 
 
— 
 
— 
 
— 
Interest rate contracts in a liability position
 
— 
 
— 
 
— 
 
(6)  
(6) 
Net asset (liability)
 
(14)  
—  
(112)  
(6)  
(132) 
Derivatives not designated as hedging instruments:
Foreign exchange contracts in an asset position
 
282  
1  
368  
—  
651 
Foreign exchange contracts in a liability position
 
(121)  
—  
(614)  
(1)  
(736) 
Interest rate contracts in an asset position
 
14  
133  
—  
—  
147 
Interest rate contracts in a liability position
 
—  
—  
—  
(95)  
(95) 
Net asset (liability)
 
175  
134  
(246)  
(96)  
(33) 
Total derivatives at fair value
$ 
161 $ 
134 $ 
(358) $ 
(102) $ 
(165) 
Table of Contents
DELL TECHNOLOGIES INC.
NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (continued)
116

The following tables present the gross amounts of the Company’s derivative instruments, amounts offset due to master netting 
agreements with the Company’s counterparties, and the net amounts recognized in the Consolidated Statements of Financial 
Position as of the dates indicated:
February 2, 2024
Gross 
Amounts of 
Recognized 
Assets/ 
(Liabilities)
Gross 
Amounts 
Offset in the 
Statement of 
Financial 
Position
Net Amounts 
of Assets/
(Liabilities) 
Presented in 
the Statement 
of Financial 
Position
Gross Amounts not Offset in the 
Statement of Financial Position
Net Amount 
of Assets/ 
(Liabilities) 
Recognized in 
the Statement 
of Financial 
Position
Financial 
Instruments
Cash 
Collateral 
Received or 
Pledged
(in millions)
Derivative instruments:
Financial assets
$ 
267 $ 
(163) $ 
104 $ 
— $ 
(24) $ 
80 
Financial liabilities
 
(247)  
163  
(84)  
—  
9  
(75) 
Total derivative instruments
$ 
20 $ 
— $ 
20 $ 
— $ 
(15) $ 
5 
February 3, 2023
Gross 
Amounts of 
Recognized 
Assets/ 
(Liabilities)
Gross 
Amounts 
Offset in the 
Statement of 
Financial 
Position
Net Amounts 
of Assets/
(Liabilities) 
Presented in 
the Statement 
of Financial 
Position
Gross Amounts not Offset in the 
Statement of Financial Position
Net Amount 
of Assets/ 
(Liabilities) 
Recognized in 
the Statement 
of Financial 
Position
Financial 
Instruments
Cash 
Collateral 
Received or 
Pledged
(in millions)
Derivative instruments:
Financial assets
$ 
835 $ 
(540) $ 
295 $ 
— $ 
— $ 
295 
Financial liabilities
 
(1,000)  
540  
(460)  
—  
25  
(435) 
Total derivative instruments
$ 
(165) $ 
— $ 
(165) $ 
— $ 
25 $ 
(140) 
Table of Contents
DELL TECHNOLOGIES INC.
NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (continued)
117

NOTE 10 — GOODWILL AND INTANGIBLE ASSETS
Goodwill
The Infrastructure Solutions Group and Client Solutions Group reporting units are consistent with the reportable segments 
identified in Note 19 of the Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements.  Other businesses consists of VMware Resale, 
Secureworks, and Virtustream, which each represent separate reporting units.
The following table presents goodwill allocated to the Company’s reportable segments and changes in the carrying amount of 
goodwill as of the dates indicated:
 
Infrastructure 
Solutions 
Group
Client 
Solutions 
Group
Other 
Businesses
Total
(in millions)
Balances as of February 3, 2023
$ 
15,017 $ 
4,232 $ 
427 $ 
19,676 
Goodwill acquired (a)
 
77  
—  
—  
77 
Impact of foreign currency translation and other
 
(53)  
—  
—  
(53) 
Balances as of February 2, 2024
$ 
15,041 $ 
4,232 $ 
427 $ 
19,700 
____________________
(a) Goodwill acquired represents goodwill recognized in connection with the Company’s acquisition of Moogsoft Inc. during 
the fiscal year ended February 2, 2024.
Intangible Assets
The following table presents the Company’s intangible assets as of the dates indicated:
 
February 2, 2024
February 3, 2023
 
Gross
Accumulated
Amortization
Net
Gross
Accumulated
Amortization
Net
 
(in millions)
Customer relationships
$ 
16,968 $ 
(14,930) $ 
2,038 $ 
16,956 $ 
(14,474) $ 
2,482 
Developed technology
 
9,506  
(8,980)  
526  
9,466  
(8,660)  
806 
Trade names
 
875  
(823)  
52  
875  
(780)  
95 
Definite-lived intangible assets
 
27,349  
(24,733)  
2,616  
27,297  
(23,914)  
3,383 
Indefinite-lived trade names
 
3,085  
—  
3,085  
3,085  
—  
3,085 
Total intangible assets
$ 
30,434 $ 
(24,733) $ 
5,701 $ 
30,382 $ 
(23,914) $ 
6,468 
Amortization expense related to definite-lived intangible assets was $0.8 billion, $1.0 billion, and $1.6 billion  for the fiscal 
years ended February 2, 2024,  February 3, 2023, and January 28, 2022, respectively. There were no material impairment 
charges related to intangible assets during the fiscal years ended February 2, 2024, February 3, 2023, and January 28, 2022.
Table of Contents
DELL TECHNOLOGIES INC.
NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (continued)
118

The following table presents the estimated future annual pre-tax amortization expense of definite-lived intangible assets as of 
the date indicated:
February 2, 2024
(in millions)
Fiscal 2025
$ 
654 
Fiscal 2026
 
495 
Fiscal 2027
 
386 
Fiscal 2028
 
230 
Fiscal 2029
 
190 
Thereafter
 
661 
Total
$ 
2,616 
Goodwill and Indefinite-Lived Intangible Assets Impairment Testing
Goodwill and indefinite-lived intangible assets are tested for impairment annually during the third fiscal quarter and whenever 
events or circumstances may indicate that an impairment has occurred.
For the annual impairment review of the Infrastructure Solutions Group (“ISG”) and Client Solutions Group (“CSG”) reporting 
units during the third quarter of Fiscal 2024, the Company elected to bypass the assessment of qualitative factors to determine 
whether it was more likely than not that the fair value of a reporting unit was less than its carrying amount, including goodwill.  
In electing to bypass the qualitative assessment, the Company proceeded directly to perform a quantitative goodwill impairment 
test to measure the fair value of each goodwill reporting unit relative to its carrying amount, and to determine the amount of 
goodwill impairment loss to be recognized, if any.  For the remaining reporting units, the Company performed a qualitative 
assessment of goodwill at the reporting unit level.  The qualitative assessment included consideration of the relevant events and 
circumstances affecting the reporting unit, including macroeconomic, industry and market conditions, overall financial 
performance, and trends in the public company market valuation, where applicable.
Management exercised significant judgment related to the above assessments, including the identification of goodwill reporting 
units, assignment of assets and liabilities to goodwill reporting units, assignment of goodwill to reporting units, and 
determination of the fair value of each goodwill reporting unit.  For the quantitative goodwill impairment test, the fair value of 
each goodwill reporting unit is generally estimated using a combination of public company multiples and discounted cash flow 
methodologies.  The discounted cash flow and public company multiples methodologies require significant judgment, including 
estimation of future revenues, gross margins, and operating expenses, which are dependent on internal forecasts, current and 
anticipated economic conditions and trends, selection of market multiples through assessment of the reporting unit’s 
performance relative to peer competitors, the estimation of the long-term revenue growth rate and discount rate of the 
Company’s business, and the determination of the Company’s weighted average cost of capital.  Changes in these estimates and 
assumptions could materially affect the fair value of the goodwill reporting unit, potentially resulting in a non-cash impairment 
charge.
The fair value of the indefinite-lived trade names is generally estimated using discounted cash flow methodologies.  These 
methodologies require significant judgment, including estimation of future revenue, the estimation of the long-term revenue 
growth rate of the Company’s business and the determination of the Company’s weighted average cost of capital and royalty 
rates.  Changes in these estimates and assumptions could materially affect the fair value of the indefinite-lived intangible assets, 
potentially resulting in a non-cash impairment charge.
Based on the results of the annual impairment test performed during the fiscal year ended February 2, 2024, the fair values of 
each of the reporting units and indefinite-lived intangibles exceeded their carrying values.  No goodwill or indefinite-lived 
assets impairment test was performed during the fiscal year ended February 2, 2024 other than the Company’s annual 
impairment review.
Table of Contents
DELL TECHNOLOGIES INC.
NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (continued)
119

NOTE 11 — DEFERRED REVENUE 
Deferred revenue consists of support and deployment services, software maintenance, training, Software-as-a-Service, and 
undelivered hardware and professional services, consisting of installations and consulting engagements.  Deferred revenue is 
recorded when the Company has invoiced or payments have been received for undelivered products or services where transfer 
of control has not occurred.  Revenue is recognized as the Company’s performance obligations under the contract are 
completed.
The following table presents the changes in the Company’s deferred revenue for the periods indicated:
Fiscal Year Ended
February 2, 2024
February 3, 2023
(in millions)
Deferred revenue:
Deferred revenue at beginning of period
$ 
30,286 $ 
27,573 
Revenue deferrals
 
20,866  
23,166 
Revenue recognized
 
(22,022)  
(20,288) 
Other (a)
 
15  
(165) 
Deferred revenue at end of period
$ 
29,145 $ 
30,286 
Short-term deferred revenue
$ 
15,318 $ 
15,542 
Long-term deferred revenue
$ 
13,827 $ 
14,744 
____________________
(a) For the fiscal year ended February 3, 2023, Other represents the reclassification of deferred revenue to accrued and other 
liabilities.
Remaining Performance Obligations — Remaining performance obligations represent the aggregate amount of the transaction 
price allocated to performance obligations not delivered, or partially undelivered, as of the end of the reporting period.  
Remaining performance obligations include deferred revenue plus unbilled amounts not yet recorded in deferred revenue.  The 
value of the transaction price allocated to remaining performance obligations as of February 2, 2024 was approximately $40 
billion.  The Company expects to recognize approximately 58% of remaining performance obligations as revenue in the next 
twelve months, and the remainder thereafter.
The aggregate amount of the transaction price allocated to remaining performance obligations does not include amounts owed 
under cancelable contracts where there is no substantive termination penalty.  The Company applied the practical expedient to 
exclude the value of remaining performance obligations for contracts for which revenue is recognized at the amount to which 
the Company has the right to invoice for services performed.
Remaining performance obligation estimates are subject to change and are affected by several factors, including terminations, 
changes in the scope of contracts, periodic revalidation, adjustments for revenue that have not materialized, and adjustments for 
currency.
Table of Contents
DELL TECHNOLOGIES INC.
NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (continued)
120

NOTE 12 — COMMITMENTS AND CONTINGENCIES 
Purchase Obligations
The Company has contractual obligations to purchase goods or services, which specify significant terms (including fixed or 
minimum quantities to be purchased), fixed, minimum, or variable price provisions, and the approximate timing of the 
transaction.  As of February 2, 2024, such purchase obligations were $4.4 billion for Fiscal 2025; $0.3 billion for Fiscal 2026; 
and $0.3 billion for Fiscal 2027 and thereafter.
Legal Matters
The Company is involved in various claims, suits, assessments, investigations, and legal proceedings that arise from time to 
time in the ordinary course of its business, including those identified below, consisting of matters involving consumer, antitrust, 
tax, intellectual property, and other issues on a global basis.  
The Company accrues a liability when it believes that it is both probable that a liability has been incurred and that it can 
reasonably estimate the amount of the loss.  The Company reviews these accruals at least quarterly and adjusts them to reflect 
ongoing negotiations, settlements, rulings, advice of legal counsel, and other relevant information.  To the extent new 
information is obtained and the Company’s views on the probable outcomes of claims, suits, assessments, investigations, or 
legal proceedings change, changes in the Company’s accrued liabilities are recorded in the period in which such a determination 
is made.  For some matters, the incurrence of a liability is not probable or the amount cannot be reasonably estimated and 
therefore accruals have not been made.  
The following is a discussion of the Company’s significant legal matters and other proceedings:
Class Actions Related to the Class V Transaction — On December 28, 2018, the Company completed a transaction 
(the “Class V transaction”) in which it paid $14.0 billion in cash and issued 149,387,617 shares of its Class C 
Common Stock to holders of its Class V Common Stock in exchange for all outstanding shares of Class V Common 
Stock.  As a result of the Class V transaction, the tracking stock feature of the Company’s capital structure associated 
with the Class V Common Stock was terminated.  Certain stockholders of the Company, subsequently brought class 
action complaints arising out of the Class V transaction in which they named as defendants (collectively, the 
“defendants”) Michael S. Dell and certain other directors serving on the Company’s board of directors at the time of 
the Class V transaction (collectively, the “director defendants”), certain stockholders of the Company, consisting of 
Mr. Dell and Silver Lake Group LLC and certain of its affiliated funds (collectively, the “stockholder defendants”), 
and Goldman Sachs & Co. LLC (“Goldman Sachs”), which served as financial advisor to the Company in connection 
with the transaction.  The plaintiffs generally alleged that the director defendants and the stockholder defendants 
breached their fiduciary duties under Delaware law to the former holders of the Class V Common Stock in connection 
with the Class V transaction by offering a transaction value that was allegedly billions of dollars below fair value. 
As previously reported, during the fourth quarter of the fiscal year ended February 3, 2023, the plaintiffs and the 
defendants entered into an agreement to settle the lawsuit.  Under the terms of the settlement, the plaintiffs agreed to 
the dismissal of all claims upon payment of a total of $1.0 billion (the “settlement amount”), which includes all costs, 
expenses and fees of the plaintiff class relating to the action and its resolution.  The settlement terms required that the 
settlement amount be paid by the Company and/or the Company’s insurers pursuant to indemnification obligations of 
the Company to the defendants.  The Company is subject to indemnification obligations, upon the satisfaction of 
specified conditions, to the director and stockholder defendants and their affiliates pursuant to provisions of the 
Delaware General Corporation Law, the Company’s certificate of incorporation and bylaws, and agreements with the 
defendants.  A special committee of the Board of Directors consisting of directors who were not defendants in the 
action, advised by independent counsel, informed the Board of Directors of its determination that the defendants were 
entitled to indemnification under the foregoing obligations. 
During the fiscal year ended February 3, 2023, the Company established a $1.0 billion liability on the Consolidated 
Statements of Financial Position and recognized $0.9 billion expense, net of $106 million in insurance proceeds, 
within interest and other, net within the Consolidated Statements of Income related to the settlement agreement. 
Table of Contents
DELL TECHNOLOGIES INC.
NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (continued)
121

On May 16, 2023, during the fiscal year ended February 2, 2024, the Company paid the settlement amount following 
approval of the settlement by the Delaware Court of Chancery.  The payment is reflected within cash flows from 
operating activities within the Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows. 
R2 Semiconductor Patent Litigation — In November 2022, R2 Semiconductor, Inc. (“R2”) filed a lawsuit in the 
Dusseldorf Regional Court in Germany against Intel Deutschland GmbH, Dell GmbH, and certain other customers of 
Intel Corporation.  R2 asserted that one European patent is infringed by certain Intel processors and those of the 
Company’s products that incorporate those processors (the “Accused Products”).  R2 sought an injunction prohibiting 
the sale of the allegedly infringing products and damages for the alleged infringement.  The Dusseldorf Regional Court 
(the “Court”) conducted a trial on December 7, 2023, and, on February 7, 2024, issued a decision in favor of R2.  The 
Court’s judgment imposes an injunction prohibiting (among other acts) the sale and use of the Accused Products in 
Germany by Dell GmbH, and requiring Dell GmbH to issue a communication to certain customers recalling the 
covered products sold since March 5, 2020.  These orders will not take effect until after notice of R2’s payment of the 
sureties required for enforcement and will remain in place unless stayed or overturned on appeal or until the parties 
reach an agreement.  On February 8, 2024, the Company filed an appeal which is in process with the appellate court.  
The Court has not yet assessed damages arising out of R2’s claim.  Intel Corporation has agreed to defend and 
indemnify the Company and its affiliates against certain losses incurred by the Company in connection with the 
alleged infringement.  Given the status of this lawsuit, the nature of the case, and the Company’s agreements with Intel 
Corporation, the Company is unable to make a reasonable estimate of the potential loss or range of losses that might 
arise from the lawsuit.
Other Litigation — Dell does not currently anticipate that any of the other various legal proceedings it is involved in 
will have a material adverse effect on its business, financial condition, results of operations, or cash flows.
In accordance with the relevant accounting guidance, the Company provides disclosures of matters where it is at least 
reasonably possible that the Company could experience a material loss exceeding the amounts already accrued for these or 
other proceedings or matters.  In addition, the Company also discloses matters based on its consideration of other matters and 
qualitative factors, including the experience of other companies in the industry, and investor, customer, and employee relations 
considerations.  As of February 2, 2024, the Company does not believe there is a reasonable possibility that a material loss 
exceeding the amounts already accrued for these or other proceedings or matters has been incurred.  However, since the 
ultimate resolution of any such proceedings and matters is inherently unpredictable, the Company’s business, financial 
condition, results of operations, or cash flows could be materially affected in any particular period by unfavorable outcomes in 
one or more of these proceedings or matters.  Whether the outcome of any claim, suit, assessment, investigation, or legal 
proceeding, individually or collectively, could have a material adverse effect on the Company’s business, financial condition, 
results of operations, or cash flows will depend on a number of factors, including the nature, timing, and amount of any 
associated expenses, amounts paid in settlement, damages, or other remedies or consequences.
Indemnifications Obligations
In the ordinary course of business, the Company enters into various contracts under which it may agree to indemnify other 
parties for losses incurred from certain events as defined in the relevant contract, such as litigation, regulatory penalties, or 
claims relating to past performance.  Such indemnification obligations may not be subject to maximum loss clauses.  
Historically, payments related to these indemnification obligations have not been material to the Company.
Under the Separation and Distribution Agreement entered into with VMware, Inc., (currently known as VMware LLC after its 
conversion into a Delaware limited liability company), upon the completion of the VMware Spin-off on November 1, 2021, 
Dell Technologies agreed to indemnify VMware, Inc., each of its subsidiaries and each of their respective directors, officers, 
employees, as well as any successors and assigns of the foregoing, from and against all liabilities relating to, arising out of or 
resulting from, among other matters, the liabilities allocated to Dell Technologies as part of the separation of Dell Technologies 
and VMware, Inc. (individually and together with its subsidiaries, “VMware”) and their respective businesses (the 
“Separation”).  VMware similarly agreed to indemnify Dell Technologies Inc., each of its subsidiaries and each of their 
respective directors, officers, and employees from and against all liabilities relating to, arising out of or resulting from, among 
other matters, the liabilities allocated to VMware as part of the Separation.
Table of Contents
DELL TECHNOLOGIES INC.
NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (continued)
122

For information on the cross-indemnifications related to the tax matters agreement between the Company and VMware 
effective upon the Separation on November 1, 2021, see Note 20 of the Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements.
Certain Concentrations
The Company maintains cash and cash equivalents, derivatives, and certain other financial instruments with various financial 
institutions that potentially subject it to concentration of credit risk.  As part of its risk management processes, the Company 
performs periodic evaluations of the relative credit standing of these financial institutions.  The Company has not sustained 
material credit losses from instruments held at these financial institutions.  Further, the Company does not anticipate 
nonperformance by any of the counterparties.
The Company markets and sells its products and services to large corporate clients, governmental agencies, and health care and 
education accounts, as well as to small and medium-sized businesses and individuals.  No single customer accounted for more 
than 10% of the Company’s consolidated net revenue during the fiscal year ended February 2, 2024, February 3, 2023, and 
January 28, 2022.
The Company utilizes a limited number of contract manufacturers that assemble a portion of its products.  The Company 
purchases components from suppliers and sells those components to such contract manufacturers.  The Company reflects the 
sale of such components by recognizing non-trade receivables from the contract manufacturers and a reduction in inventory 
when title and risk of loss pass to the manufacturer.  Cash flows related to such transactions are recorded within cash flows 
from operating activities.  The Company does not reflect the sale of the components in revenue and does not recognize any 
profit on the component sales until the related products are sold to a customer.
The agreements with the majority of the contract manufacturers permit the Company to offset its payables against the 
receivables, thus mitigating the credit risk wholly or in part.  Such receivables were $3.4 billion and $3.3 billion as of 
February 2, 2024 and February 3, 2023, respectively, and primarily consisted of receivables from the Company’s four largest 
contract manufacturers.  The Company offset its corresponding payables against $2.7 billion and $2.5 billion of such 
receivables as of February 2, 2024 and February 3, 2023, respectively.  The portion of receivables not offset is included in other 
current assets in the Consolidated Statements of Financial Position.  
Table of Contents
DELL TECHNOLOGIES INC.
NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (continued)
123

NOTE 13 — INCOME AND OTHER TAXES
The following table presents components of the income tax expense (benefit) for continuing operations recognized for the 
periods indicated:
Fiscal Year Ended
February 2, 2024
February 3, 2023
January 28, 2022
(in millions)
Current:
Federal
$ 
149 $ 
605 $ 
166 
State/local
 
33  
176  
76 
Foreign
 
601  
739  
960 
Current
 
783  
1,520  
1,202 
Deferred:
Federal
 
(106)  
(483)  
(54) 
State/local
 
(42)  
(103)  
— 
Foreign
 
57  
(131)  
(167) 
Deferred
 
(91)  
(717)  
(221) 
Income tax expense
$ 
692 $ 
803 $ 
981 
The following table presents components of income (loss) before income taxes for continuing operations for the periods 
indicated:
Fiscal Year Ended
February 2, 2024
February 3, 2023
January 28, 2022
(in millions)
Domestic
$ 
(52) $ 
(1,316) $ 
1,414 
Foreign
 
3,939  
4,541  
4,509 
Income before income taxes
$ 
3,887 $ 
3,225 $ 
5,923 
Table of Contents
DELL TECHNOLOGIES INC.
NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (continued)
124

The following table presents a reconciliation of the Company’s effective tax rate to the statutory U.S. federal tax rate for 
continuing operations for the periods indicated:
Fiscal Year Ended
February 2, 2024
February 3, 2023
January 28, 2022
U.S. federal statutory rate
 21.0 %
 21.0 %
 21.0 %
State income taxes, net of federal tax benefit
 (0.2) 
 2.0 
 1.7 
Tax impact of foreign operations
 2.7 
 (0.8) 
 (0.3) 
Change in valuation allowance
 0.3 
 0.4 
 0.4 
Non-deductible transaction-related costs
 — 
 0.8 
 1.2 
Stock-based compensation expense
 (0.9) 
 (2.4) 
 (2.4) 
U.S. R&D tax credits
 (4.6) 
 (2.6) 
 (1.3) 
Legal entity restructuring
 — 
 — 
 (4.1) 
Class V transaction litigation settlement
 — 
 5.8 
 — 
Other
 (0.5) 
 0.7 
 0.4 
Total
 17.8 %
 24.9 %
 16.6 %
Changes related to the Company’s effective tax rates for the fiscal years ended February 2, 2024, February 3, 2023, and 
January 28, 2022 were primarily driven by items discrete to those years.  Additionally, the Company’s effective tax rate for the 
fiscal year ended February 2, 2024 as compared to the fiscal year ended February 3, 2023 reflected the tax impact of foreign 
operations and benefits from U.S. research and development tax credits.  The Company’s effective tax rate for the fiscal year 
ended February 3, 2023 includes the impact of a $0.9 billion expense recognized in connection with the agreement to settle the 
Class V transaction litigation described in Note 12 of the Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements.  The Company’s 
effective tax rate for the fiscal year ended January 28, 2022 includes tax expense of $1.0 billion on a pre-tax gain of $4.0 billion 
related to the divestiture of Boomi during the period, as well as tax benefits of $367 million on $1.6 billion of debt 
extinguishment fees and $244 million related to the restructuring of certain legal entities.
The differences between the effective income tax rates and the U.S. federal statutory rate of 21% principally result from the 
geographical distribution of income, differences between the book and tax treatment of certain items, and discrete tax items.  In 
certain jurisdictions, the Company’s tax rate is significantly less than the applicable statutory rate as a result of tax holidays.  
The majority of the Company’s foreign income subject to these tax holidays and lower tax rates is attributable to Singapore and 
China.  A significant portion of these income tax benefits relates to a tax holiday that will be effective until January 31, 2029.  
Most of the Company’s other tax holidays will expire in whole or in part during fiscal years 2030 and 2031.  Many of these tax 
holidays and reduced tax rates may be extended when certain conditions are met or may be terminated early if certain 
conditions are not met or as a result of changes in tax legislation.  As of February 2, 2024, the Company was not aware of any 
matters of non-compliance related to these tax holidays or enacted tax legislative changes affecting these tax holidays.  For the 
fiscal years ended February 2, 2024, February 3, 2023, and January 28, 2022, the income tax benefits attributable to the tax 
status of the affected subsidiaries were estimated to be approximately $244 million ($0.33 per share), $123 million ($0.16 per 
share), and $466 million ($0.59 per share), respectively.  These income tax benefits are included in tax impact of foreign 
operations in the table above. 
As of February 2, 2024, the Company has undistributed earnings of certain foreign subsidiaries of approximately $36.4 billion 
that remain indefinitely reinvested, and as such has not recognized a deferred tax liability.  Determination of the amount of 
unrecognized deferred income tax liability related to these undistributed earnings is not practicable.  The Company believes that 
a significant portion of the Company’s undistributed earnings as of February 2, 2024 will not be subject to further U.S. federal 
taxation.
Table of Contents
DELL TECHNOLOGIES INC.
NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (continued)
125

The following table presents the components of the Company’s net deferred tax assets (liabilities) as of the dates indicated:
February 2, 2024
February 3, 2023
(in millions)
Deferred tax assets:
Deferred revenue and warranty provisions
$ 
1,878 $ 
1,959 
Credit carryforwards
 
554  
938 
Loss carryforwards
 
619  
467 
Operating and compensation related accruals
 
478  
506 
Capitalized research and development
 
302  
263 
Other (a)
 
320  
417 
Deferred tax assets (b)
 
4,151  
4,550 
Valuation allowance
 
(1,232)  
(1,535) 
Deferred tax assets, net of valuation allowance
 
2,919  
3,015 
Deferred tax liabilities:
Leasing and financing
 
(397)  
(363) 
Property and equipment
 
(377)  
(470) 
Intangibles
 
(338)  
(483) 
Other
 
(375)  
(339) 
Deferred tax liabilities (b)
 
(1,487)  
(1,655) 
Net deferred tax assets
$ 
1,432 $ 
1,360 
____________________
(a) As of February 2, 2024, the Company elected to present provisions for product returns and doubtful accounts within Other.  
Prior period balances have been recast to conform to this presentation. 
(b) Deferred tax assets and deferred tax liabilities are included in other non-current assets and other non-current liabilities, 
respectively, in the Consolidated Statements of Financial Position.
Table of Contents
DELL TECHNOLOGIES INC.
NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (continued)
126

The following tables present the net operating loss carryforwards, tax credit carryforwards, and other deferred tax assets with 
related valuation allowances recognized as of the dates indicated:
February 2, 2024
Deferred Tax 
Assets
Valuation 
Allowance
Net Deferred Tax 
Assets
First Year 
Expiring
(in millions)
Credit carryforwards
$ 
554 $ 
(549) $ 
5 
Fiscal 2025
Loss carryforwards
 
619  
(405)  
214 
Fiscal 2025
Other deferred tax assets
 
2,978  
(278)  
2,700 
NA
Total 
$ 
4,151 $ 
(1,232) $ 
2,919 
February 3, 2023
Deferred Tax 
Assets
Valuation 
Allowance
Net Deferred Tax 
Assets
First Year 
Expiring
(in millions)
Credit carryforwards
$ 
938 $ 
(935) $ 
3 
Fiscal 2024
Loss carryforwards
 
467  
(317)  
150 
Fiscal 2024
Other deferred tax assets
 
3,145  
(283)  
2,862 
NA
Total 
$ 
4,550 $ 
(1,535) $ 
3,015 
The Company’s credit carryforwards as of February 2, 2024 and February 3, 2023 relate primarily to U.S. tax credits and 
include state and federal tax credits associated with research and development, as well as foreign tax credits associated with the 
U.S. Tax Cuts and Jobs Act.  The Company assessed the realizability of these U.S. tax credits and has recorded a valuation 
allowance against the credits it does not expect to utilize.  The decrease in credit carryforwards and corresponding valuation 
allowance for the fiscal year ended February 2, 2024 was primarily attributable to changes in the determination of foreign tax 
credits associated with the U.S. Tax Cuts and Jobs Act.  These credit carryforwards were not previously expected to be utilized 
and had a full valuation allowance.  Accordingly, such changes had no impact on the Company’s effective tax rate.  The 
Company’s loss carryforwards as of February 2, 2024 and February 3, 2023 include net operating loss carryforwards from 
federal, state, and foreign jurisdictions.  The valuation allowances for other deferred tax assets as of February 2, 2024 and 
February 3, 2023 primarily relate to foreign jurisdictions, the changes in which are included in tax impact of foreign operations 
in the Company’s effective tax reconciliation.  The Company has determined that it will be able to realize the remainder of its 
deferred tax assets.
The following table presents the changes in the valuation allowance for deferred tax assets for the periods indicated:
Fiscal Year Ended
February 2, 2024
February 3, 2023
January 28, 2022
(in millions)
Balance at beginning of period
$ 
1,535 $ 
1,423 $ 
1,297 
Charged to income tax provision
 
(299)  
84  
155 
Charged to other accounts
 
(4)  
28  
(29) 
Balance at end of period
$ 
1,232 $ 
1,535 $ 
1,423 
Table of Contents
DELL TECHNOLOGIES INC.
NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (continued)
127

The following table presents a reconciliation of the Company’s beginning and ending balances of unrecognized tax benefits for 
the periods indicated:
Fiscal Year Ended
February 2, 2024
February 3, 2023
January 28, 2022
(in millions)
Beginning Balance
$ 
1,812 $ 
1,595 $ 
1,620 
Increases related to tax positions of the current year
 
4  
132  
113 
Increases related to tax position of prior years
 
828  
181  
143 
Reductions for tax positions of prior years
 
(177)  
(46)  
(153) 
Lapse of statute of limitations
 
(35)  
(41)  
(78) 
Audit settlements
 
(65)  
(9)  
(50) 
Ending Balance
$ 
2,367 $ 
1,812 $ 
1,595 
The table above does not include accrued interest and penalties of $394 million as of both February 2, 2024 and February 3, 
2023, and $383 million as of January 28, 2022.  Additionally, the table does not include certain tax benefits associated with 
interest and state tax deductions and other indirect jurisdictional effects of uncertain tax positions, which were $1,438 million, 
$910 million, and $817 million as of February 2, 2024, February 3, 2023, and January 28, 2022, respectively.  
After taking these items into account, the Company’s net unrecognized tax benefits were $1.3 billion as of February 2, 2024 
and February 3, 2023, and $1.2 billion as of January 28, 2022, and are included in other non-current liabilities in the 
Consolidated Statements of Financial Position.
The unrecognized tax benefits in the table above include $1.2 billion, $1.1 billion, and $0.9 billion as of February 2, 2024, 
February 3, 2023, and January 28, 2022, respectively, that, if recognized, would have impacted income tax expense.  Interest 
and penalties related to income tax liabilities are included in income tax expense.  The impact of interest and penalties on the 
Company’s tax provision was immaterial for the fiscal years ended February 2, 2024, February 3, 2023, and January 28, 2022.
In June 2023, the Company received Revenue Agent’s Reports for the examination by the Internal Revenue Service (“IRS”) of 
fiscal years 2015 through 2017 and fiscal years 2018 through 2019.  The Company agreed with the IRS assessments relating to 
fiscal years 2015 through 2017 and settled those positions in August 2023.  The impact to the financial statements for that 
settlement was not material.  For fiscal years 2018 through 2019, the IRS proposed adjustments primarily relating to certain 
transactions the Company completed as part of its business integration efforts, with which the Company disagrees and which it 
will contest through the IRS administrative appeals procedures.  In August 2023, the Company submitted a written protest to 
the IRS relating to certain assessments.  The Company anticipates that the appeals process for the resolution of these matters 
will extend beyond the next twelve months.  In September 2023, the IRS commenced a federal income tax examination of fiscal 
years 2020 through 2022. 
The Company is also currently under income tax audits in various U.S. state and foreign taxing jurisdictions.  The Company is 
undergoing negotiations, and in some cases contested proceedings, relating to tax matters with the taxing authorities in these 
jurisdictions.  With respect to major U.S. state and foreign taxing jurisdictions, the Company is generally not subject to tax 
examinations for years prior to the fiscal year ended January 29, 2010.  The Company believes that it has provided adequate 
reserves related to all matters contained in tax periods open to examination, including the IRS audits described above.  
Although the Company believes it has made adequate provisions for the uncertainties with respect to these audits, should the 
Company experience unfavorable outcomes, such outcomes could have a material impact on its results of operations, financial 
position, and cash flows.
Judgment is required in evaluating the Company’s uncertain tax positions and determining the Company’s provision for income 
taxes.  Although the timing of resolution or closure of uncertain tax positions is not certain, the Company believes it is 
reasonably possible that certain tax matters in various jurisdictions could be concluded within the next twelve months.  The 
resolution of these matters could reduce the Company’s unrecognized tax benefits by up to $0.4 billion including interest and 
penalties.  Such a reduction would have a material impact on the Company’s effective tax rate.
Table of Contents
DELL TECHNOLOGIES INC.
NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (continued)
128

The Company takes certain non-income tax positions in the jurisdictions in which it operates and has received certain non-
income tax assessments from various jurisdictions.  The Company believes that a material loss in these matters is not probable 
and that it is not reasonably possible that a material loss exceeding amounts already accrued has been incurred.  The Company 
believes its positions in these non-income tax litigation matters are supportable and that it ultimately will prevail in the matters.  
In the normal course of business, the Company’s positions and conclusions related to its non-income taxes could be challenged 
and assessments may be made.  To the extent new information is obtained and the Company’s views on its positions, probable 
outcomes of assessments, or litigation change, changes in estimates to the Company’s accrued liabilities would be recorded in 
the period in which such a determination is made.  In the resolution process for income tax and non-income tax audits, the 
Company is required in certain situations to provide collateral guarantees or indemnification to regulators and tax authorities 
until the matter is resolved.
Table of Contents
DELL TECHNOLOGIES INC.
NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (continued)
129

NOTE 14 — ACCUMULATED OTHER COMPREHENSIVE INCOME (LOSS) 
Accumulated other comprehensive income (loss) is presented in stockholders’ equity (deficit) in the Consolidated Statements of 
Financial Position and consists of amounts related to foreign currency translation adjustments, unrealized net gains (losses) on 
cash flow hedges, and actuarial net gains (losses) from pension and other postretirement plans.
The following table presents changes in accumulated other comprehensive income (loss), net of tax, by the following 
components as of the dates indicated:
Foreign 
Currency 
Translation 
Adjustments
Cash Flow 
Hedges
Pension and 
Other 
Postretirement 
Plans
Accumulated 
Other 
Comprehensive 
Income (Loss)
(in millions)
Balances as of January 29, 2021
$ 
(150) $ 
(86) $ 
(78) $ 
(314) 
Other comprehensive income (loss) before 
reclassifications
 
(385)  
374  
37  
26 
Amounts reclassified from accumulated other 
comprehensive income (loss)
 
—  
(158)  
7  
(151) 
Spin-off of VMware
 
9  
(1)  
—  
8 
Total change for the period
 
(376)  
215  
44  
(117) 
Balances as of January 28, 2022
$ 
(526) $ 
129 $ 
(34) $ 
(431) 
Other comprehensive income (loss) before 
reclassifications
 
(222)  
354  
1  
133 
Amounts reclassified from accumulated other 
comprehensive income (loss)
 
—  
(705)  
1  
(704) 
Total change for the period
 
(222)  
(351)  
2  
(571) 
Less: Change in comprehensive loss 
attributable to non-controlling interests
 
(1)  
—  
—  
(1) 
Balances as of February 3, 2023
$ 
(747) $ 
(222) $ 
(32) $ 
(1,001) 
Other comprehensive income (loss) before 
reclassifications
 
(8)  
85  
15  
92 
Amounts reclassified from accumulated other 
comprehensive income (loss)
 
—  
107  
2  
109 
Total change for the period
 
(8)  
192  
17  
201 
Balances as of February 2, 2024
$ 
(755) $ 
(30) $ 
(15) $ 
(800) 
Amounts related to the Company’s cash flow hedges are reclassified to net income during the same period in which the items 
being hedged are recognized in earnings.  See Note 9 of the Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements for more 
information about the Company’s derivative instruments.
Table of Contents
DELL TECHNOLOGIES INC.
NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (continued)
130

The following table presents reclassifications out of accumulated other comprehensive income (loss), net of tax, to net income 
for the periods indicated:
Fiscal Year Ended
February 2, 2024
February 3, 2023
January 28, 2022
Cash 
Flow 
Hedges
Pensions
Total
Cash 
Flow 
Hedges
Pensions
Total
Cash 
Flow 
Hedges
Pensions
Total
(in millions)
Total reclassifications, net of tax:
Net revenue
$ 
(98) $ 
— $ 
(98) $ 
736 $ 
— $ 
736 $ 
158 $ 
— $ 
158 
Cost of net revenue
 
(9)  
—  
(9)  
(31)  
—  
(31)  
(3)  
—  
(3) 
Operating expenses
 
—  
(2)  
(2)  
—  
(1)  
(1)  
—  
(7)  
(7) 
Income from 
discontinued 
operations
 
—  
—  
—  
—  
—  
—  
3  
—  
3 
Total 
reclassifications, net 
of tax
$ 
(107) $ 
(2) $ 
(109) $ 
705 $ 
(1) $ 
704 $ 
158 $ 
(7) $ 
151 
Table of Contents
DELL TECHNOLOGIES INC.
NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (continued)
131

NOTE 15 — CAPITALIZATION 
The following table presents the Company’s authorized, issued, and outstanding common stock as of the dates indicated:
Authorized
Issued
Outstanding
(in millions)
Common stock as of February 2, 2024
Class A
 
600  
353  
353 
Class B
 
200  
86  
86 
Class C
 
7,900  
382  
266 
Class D
 
100  
—  
— 
 
8,800  
821  
705 
Common stock as of February 3, 2023
Class A
 
600  
379  
379 
Class B
 
200  
95  
95 
Class C
 
7,900  
324  
242 
Class D
 
100  
—  
— 
 
8,800  
798  
716 
Preferred Stock
The Company is authorized to issue one million shares of preferred stock, par value $0.01 per share.  As of February 2, 2024 
and February 3, 2023, no shares of preferred stock were issued or outstanding. 
Common Stock
Dell Technologies Common Stock — The Class A Common Stock, the Class B Common Stock, the Class C Common Stock, 
and the Class D Common Stock are collectively referred to as Dell Technologies Common Stock.  The par value for all series 
of Dell Technologies Common Stock is $0.01 per share.  The Class A Common Stock, the Class B Common Stock, the Class C 
Common Stock, and the Class D Common Stock share equally in dividends declared or accumulated and have equal 
participation rights in undistributed earnings. 
Voting Rights — Each holder of record of (a) Class A Common Stock is entitled to ten votes per share of Class A Common 
Stock; (b) Class B Common Stock is entitled to ten votes per share of Class B Common Stock; (c) Class C Common Stock is 
entitled to one vote per share of Class C Common Stock; and (d) Class D Common Stock is not entitled to any vote on any 
matter except to the extent required by provisions of Delaware law (in which case such holder is entitled to one vote per share 
of Class D Common Stock).
Conversion Rights — Under the Company’s certificate of incorporation, at any time and from time to time, any holder of 
Class A Common Stock or Class B Common Stock has the right to convert all or any of the shares of Class A Common Stock 
or Class B Common Stock, as applicable, held by such holder into shares of Class C Common Stock on a one-to-one basis.  
During the fiscal year ended February 2, 2024, the Company issued 34 million shares of Class C Common Stock to 
stockholders upon the conversion of 25 million shares of Class A Common Stock and 9 million shares of Class B Common 
Stock in accordance with the Company’s certificate of incorporation.  
During the fiscal year ended February 3, 2023, there were no conversions of shares of Class A Common Stock or Class B 
Common Stock into shares of Class C Common Stock.
Table of Contents
DELL TECHNOLOGIES INC.
NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (continued)
132

During the fiscal year ended January 28, 2022, the Company issued an aggregate of 6 million shares of Class C Common Stock 
to stockholders upon their conversion of the same number of shares of Class A Common Stock into Class C Common Stock in 
accordance with the Company’s certificate of incorporation. 
Dividends
On February 24, 2022, the Company announced that the Board of Directors adopted a dividend policy providing for payment of 
quarterly cash dividends on the Dell Technologies Common Stock.
The Company paid the following dividends during the periods presented:
Declaration Date
Record Date
Payment Date
Dividend per Share
Amount 
(in millions)
Fiscal 2024
March 2, 2023
April 25, 2023
May 5, 2023
$ 
0.37 $ 
270 
June 16, 2023
July 25, 2023
August 4, 2023
$ 
0.37 $ 
268 
September 28, 2023
October 24, 2023
November 3, 2023
$ 
0.37 $ 
266 
December 5, 2023
January 23, 2024
February 2, 2024
$ 
0.37 $ 
261 
Fiscal 2023
February 24, 2022
April 20, 2022
April 29, 2022
$ 
0.33 $ 
248 
June 7, 2022
July 20, 2022
July 29, 2022
$ 
0.33 $ 
242 
September 6, 2022
October 19, 2022
October 28, 2022
$ 
0.33 $ 
238 
December 6, 2022
January 25, 2023
February 3, 2023
$ 
0.33 $ 
236 
During the fiscal year ended February 2, 2024, the Company also paid an immaterial amount of dividend equivalents on eligible 
vested equity awards which are not included above.
On February 29, 2024, subsequent to the close of the fiscal year ended February 2, 2024, the Company announced that the 
Board of Directors approved a 20% increase in the dividend to a rate of $0.445 per share per fiscal quarter beginning in the first 
quarter of the fiscal year ending January 31, 2025.
Repurchases of Common Stock 
Effective as of September 23, 2021, the Company’s Board of Directors approved a stock repurchase program under which the 
Company is authorized to repurchase up to $5 billion of shares of Class C Common Stock with no fixed expiration date. 
Effective as of October 5, 2023, the Company’s Board of Directors approved the repurchase of an additional $5 billion of 
shares of the Company’s Class C Common Stock under the stock repurchase program.  Following the approval, the Company 
had approximately $5.7 billion in authorized amount remaining under the program.
During the fiscal year ended February 2, 2024, the Company repurchased approximately 34 million shares of Class C Common 
Stock for a total purchase price of approximately $2.1 billion.  During the fiscal year ended February 3, 2023, the Company 
repurchased approximately 62 million shares of Class C Common Stock for a total purchase price of approximately $2.8 billion.  
During the fiscal year ended January 28, 2022, the Company repurchased 12 million shares of Class C Common Stock for a 
total purchase price of approximately $659 million.
The above repurchases of Class C Common Stock exclude shares withheld from stock awards to settle employee tax 
withholding obligations related to the vesting of such awards.  
Table of Contents
DELL TECHNOLOGIES INC.
NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (continued)
133

NOTE 16 — EARNINGS PER SHARE
Basic earnings per share is based on the weighted-average effect of all common shares issued and outstanding and is calculated 
by dividing net income by the weighted-average shares outstanding during the period.  Diluted earnings per share is calculated 
by dividing net income by the weighted-average number of common shares used in the basic earnings per share calculation plus 
the number of common shares that would be issued assuming exercise or conversion of all potentially dilutive instruments.  The 
Company excludes equity instruments from the calculation of diluted earnings per share if the effect of including such 
instruments is antidilutive.
The following table presents basic and diluted earnings per share for the periods indicated:
 
Fiscal Year Ended
 
February 2, 2024
February 3, 2023
January 28, 2022
Earnings per share attributable to Dell Technologies Inc. — basic:
Continuing operations 
$ 
4.46 $ 
3.33 $ 
6.49 
Discontinued operations
$ 
— $ 
— $ 
0.81 
Earnings per share attributable to Dell Technologies Inc. — diluted:
Continuing operations
$ 
4.36 $ 
3.24 $ 
6.26 
Discontinued operations
$ 
— $ 
— $ 
0.76 
The following table presents the computation of basic and diluted earnings per share for the periods indicated:
Fiscal Year Ended
February 2, 2024
February 3, 2023
January 28, 2022
(in millions)
Numerator: Dell Technologies Common Stock
Net income attributable to Dell Technologies Inc. — basic and 
diluted
$ 
3,211 $ 
2,442 $ 
4,948 
Numerator: Discontinued operations
Income from discontinued operations, net of income taxes — 
basic
$ 
— $ 
— $ 
615 
Incremental dilution from VMware, Inc.
 
—  
—  
(7) 
Income from discontinued operations, net of income taxes, 
attributable to Dell Technologies Inc. — diluted
$ 
— $ 
— $ 
608 
Denominator: Dell Technologies Common Stock weighted-
average shares outstanding
Weighted-average shares outstanding — basic
 
720  
734  
762 
Dilutive effect of equity awards
 
16  
19  
29 
Weighted-average shares outstanding — diluted
 
736  
753  
791 
Weighted-average shares outstanding — antidilutive
 
4  
9  
— 
Table of Contents
DELL TECHNOLOGIES INC.
NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (continued)
134

NOTE 17 — STOCK-BASED COMPENSATION 
Stock-Based Compensation Expense 
The following table presents stock-based compensation expense recognized in the Consolidated Statements of Income for the 
periods indicated:
Fiscal Year Ended
 
February 2, 2024
February 3, 2023
January 28, 2022
 
(in millions)
Stock-based compensation expense:
 
Cost of net revenue
$ 
149 $ 
152 $ 
133 
Operating expenses
 
729  
779  
675 
Stock-based compensation expense from continuing 
operations before taxes
 
878  
931  
808 
Stock-based compensation expense from discontinued 
operations before taxes (a)
 
—  
—  
814 
Total stock-based compensation expense before taxes
 
878  
931  
1,622 
Income tax benefit
 
(157)  
(163)  
(296) 
Total stock-based compensation expense, net of income 
taxes
$ 
721 $ 
768 $ 
1,326 
____________________
(a) Stock-based compensation expense from discontinued operations before taxes represents VMware stock-based 
compensation expense and is included in income from discontinued operations, net of taxes, on the Consolidated 
Statements of Income for periods prior to the VMware Spin-off. 
Dell Technologies Inc. Stock-Based Compensation Plan
Dell Technologies Inc. 2023 Stock Incentive Plan  — Employees, consultants, non-employee directors, and other service 
providers of the Company or its affiliates are eligible to participate in the Dell Technologies Inc. 2023 Stock Incentive Plan, 
which became effective on June 20, 2023 upon its approval by stockholders (the “2023 Plan”).  The 2023 Plan authorizes the 
Company to grant stock options, restricted stock units (“RSUs”), stock appreciation rights (“SARs”), restricted stock awards, 
deferred stock units, and dividend equivalents.  The 2023 Plan replaced the Dell Technologies Inc. 2013 Stock Incentive Plan 
(as amended and restated, the “2013 Plan”).  Upon effectiveness of the 2023 Plan, no further awards were authorized for grant 
under the 2013 Plan. 
The 2023 Plan authorizes the issuance of an aggregate of up to approximately 103.3 million shares of the Class C Common 
Stock, including (a) 50.0 million shares of Class C Common Stock that were authorized for offering and issuance under the 
2023 Plan, (b) approximately 7.0 million shares of Class C Common Stock that remained available for issuance under the 2013 
Plan as of the effective date of the 2023 Plan, and (c) up to approximately 46.3 million shares of Class C Common Stock 
subject to awards outstanding under the 2013 Plan as of the effective date of the 2023 Plan that subsequently expire or 
terminate prior to exercise or settlement.  As of February 2, 2024, there were approximately 58 million shares of Class C 
Common Stock available for future grants under the 2023 Plan.
Restricted Stock — The Company’s awards primarily consist of RSUs granted to employees.  During the fiscal years ended 
February 2, 2024, February 3, 2023, and January 28, 2022, the Company granted long-term incentive awards in the form of 
service-based RSUs and performance-based RSUs (“PSUs”) in order to align critical talent retention programs with the interests 
of holders of the Class C Common Stock.
Service-based RSUs have a fair value based on the closing price of the Class C Common Stock price as reported on the NYSE 
on the grant date or the trade day immediately preceding the grant date, if the grant date falls on a non-trading day.  The 
majority of such RSUs vest ratably over a three-year period.  Each service-based RSU represents the right to acquire one share 
of Class C Common Stock upon vesting. 
Table of Contents
DELL TECHNOLOGIES INC.
NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (continued)
135

The PSUs granted during the periods presented are reflected as target units for performance periods not yet complete.  The 
actual number of units that ultimately vest will range from 0% to 200% of target, based on the level of achievement of the 
performance goals and continued employment with the Company over a three-year performance period.  Approximately half of 
the PSUs granted are subject to achievement of market-based performance goals based on relative total shareholder return and 
were valued utilizing a Monte Carlo valuation model to simulate the probabilities of achievement.  The remaining PSUs are 
subject to internal financial measures and have fair values based on the closing price of the Class C Common Stock as reported 
on the NYSE on the accounting grant date. 
Beginning with grants made during the fiscal year ended February 3, 2023, dividend equivalents accrue on outstanding RSUs 
and PSUs when a dividend is paid to the Company’s common stockholders.  Accrued dividend equivalents will be paid when 
the underlying RSUs and PSUs vest.
The following table presents the assumptions utilized in the Monte Carlo valuation model for the periods indicated:
Fiscal Year Ended
February 2, 2024
February 3, 2023
January 28, 2022
Weighted-average grant date fair value (a)
$ 
43.91 
$ 
73.26 
$ 
134.01 
Term (in years)
3
3
3
Risk-free rate (U.S. Government Treasury Note)
 3.8 %
 2.0 %
 0.3 %
Expected volatility
 35 %
 39 %
 43 %
Expected dividend yield
 — %
 — %
 — %
____________________
(a) Weighted-average grant date fair value for periods prior to the completion of the VMware Spin-off is calculated using pre-
spin off stock prices and has not been adjusted to reflect the impact of the conversion ratio on the Class C Common Stock. 
Table of Contents
DELL TECHNOLOGIES INC.
NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (continued)
136

The following table presents RSU activity settled in Class C Common Stock for the periods indicated: 
 
Number of Units
Weighted-Average 
Grant Date Fair Value
Aggregate Intrinsic 
Value (a)
(in millions)
(per unit)
Outstanding as of January 29, 2021
 
33 $ 
43.09 
Granted
 
13  
88.13 
VMware Spin-off adjustment (b)
 
30 
NA
Vested
 
(13)  
39.33 
Forfeited
 
(4)  
46.27 
Outstanding as of January 28, 2022
 
59  
31.67 
Granted
 
23  
48.11 
Vested
 
(27)  
29.96 
Forfeited
 
(5)  
39.26 
Outstanding as of February 3, 2023 
 
50  
39.44 
Granted
 
23  
39.62 
Vested
 
(31)  
32.02 
Forfeited
 
(3)  
46.99 
Outstanding as of February 2, 2024 (c) 
 
39 $ 
44.68 $ 
3,399 
Vested and expected to vest, February 2, 2024  
37 $ 
44.83 $ 
3,206 
____________________
(a) The aggregate intrinsic value represents the total pre-tax intrinsic values based on the closing price of $86.32 of the Class C 
Common Stock on February 2, 2024 as reported on the NYSE that would have been received by the RSU holders if the 
RSUs had been issued as of February 2, 2024.
(b) In connection with the VMware Spin-off, and as authorized by the 2013 Plan, Dell Technologies made certain adjustments 
to the number of RSUs using a conversion ratio of approximately 1.97 to 1 to preserve the intrinsic value of the awards 
prior to the VMware Spin-off. 
(c) As of February 2, 2024, the 39 million units outstanding included 33 million RSUs and 6 million PSUs.
The total fair value of RSU awards that vested during the fiscal years ended February 2, 2024, February 3, 2023, and 
January 28, 2022 was $973 million, $827 million, and $493 million, respectively, with a pre-tax intrinsic value of $1,230 
million, $1,371 million, and $1,097 million, respectively.
As of February 2, 2024, there was $848 million of unrecognized stock-based compensation expense, net of estimated 
forfeitures, related to these awards expected to be recognized over a weighted-average period of approximately 1.7 years. 
Dell Technologies Shares Withheld for Taxes — Beginning in the fiscal year ended February 3, 2023, shares of Class C 
Common Stock are generally withheld from issuance to cover employee taxes for the vesting of restricted stock units.  During 
the fiscal year ended January 28, 2022, shares of Class C Common Stock were withheld from issuance to cover employee taxes 
for both the vesting of restricted stock units and the exercise of stock options only under certain situations.  For the fiscal years 
ended February 2, 2024, February 3, 2023, and January 28, 2022, 9.0 million, 8.0 million, and 0.4 million shares, respectively, 
were withheld to cover $366 million, $388 million, and $40 million, respectively, of employees’ tax obligations.  The value of 
the withheld shares was classified as a reduction to common stock and capital in excess of par value.
Stock Option Activity — In addition to RSU activity, the Company also had stock option activity which was not material during 
the fiscal years ended February 2, 2024, February 3, 2023, and January 28, 2022.  Stock options are granted with option 
exercise prices equal to the fair market value of the Company’s Class C Common Stock and expire ten years after the grant 
date.
Table of Contents
DELL TECHNOLOGIES INC.
NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (continued)
137

Other Plans
In addition to the 2023 Plan described above, the Company’s consolidated subsidiary, Secureworks, maintains its own equity 
plan and issues equity grants settling in its Class A common stock.  The stock option and restricted stock unit activity under this 
plan was not material to the Company during the fiscal years ended February 2, 2024, February 3, 2023, and January 28, 2022. 
Table of Contents
DELL TECHNOLOGIES INC.
NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (continued)
138

NOTE 18 — RETIREMENT PLAN BENEFITS 
Defined Benefit Retirement Plans
The Company sponsors retirement plans for certain employees in the United States and internationally, some of which meet the 
criteria of a defined benefit retirement plan.  Benefits under defined benefit retirement plans guarantee a particular payment to 
the employee in retirement.  The amount of retirement benefit is defined by the plan and is typically a function of the number of 
years of service rendered by the employee and the employee’s average salary or salary at retirement.  The annual costs of the 
plans are determined using the projected unit credit actuarial cost method that includes actuarial assumptions and estimates 
which are subject to change. 
U.S. Pension Plan — The Company sponsors a noncontributory defined benefit retirement plan in the United States (the “U.S. 
pension plan”) which was assumed in connection with the EMC merger transaction.  As of December 1999, the U.S. pension 
plan was frozen, so employees no longer accrue retirement benefits for future services.  The measurement date for the U.S. 
pension plan is the end of the Company’s fiscal year.  The Company did not make any material contributions to the U.S. 
pension plan for the fiscal years ended February 2, 2024, February 3, 2023, and January 28, 2022, and does not expect to make 
any significant contributions in Fiscal 2025.
Net periodic benefit costs related to the U.S. pension plan were immaterial for the fiscal years ended February 2, 2024, 
February 3, 2023, and January 28, 2022. 
The following table presents attributes of the U.S. pension plan as of the dates indicated:
February 2, 2024
February 3, 2023
(in millions)
Plan assets at fair value (a)
$ 
440 $ 
439 
Benefit obligations
 
(457)  
(484) 
Underfunded position (b)
$ 
(17) $ 
(45) 
____________________
(a) Plan assets are managed by outside investment managers.  The Company’s investment strategy with respect to plan assets 
is to achieve a long-term growth of capital, consistent with an appropriate level of risk.  Assets are recognized at fair value 
and are primarily classified within Level 2 of the fair value hierarchy.
(b) The underfunded position of the U.S. pension plan is recognized in other non-current liabilities in the Consolidated 
Statements of Financial Position.  
As of February 2, 2024, future benefit payments for the U.S. pension plan are expected to be paid as follows: $34 million in 
Fiscal 2025; $38 million in Fiscal 2026; $38 million in Fiscal 2027; $38 million in Fiscal 2028; $38 million in Fiscal 2029; and 
$179 million thereafter.
Table of Contents
DELL TECHNOLOGIES INC.
NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (continued)
139

International Pension Plans — The Company also sponsors retirement plans outside of the United States which qualify as 
defined benefit plans.  The following table presents attributes of the international pension plans as of the dates indicated:
February 2, 2024
February 3, 2023
(in millions)
Plan assets at fair value (a)
$ 
224 $ 
221 
Benefit obligations
 
(420)  
(423) 
Underfunded position (b)
$ 
(196) $ 
(202) 
____________________
(a) Plan assets are managed by outside investment managers.  The Company’s investment strategy with respect to plan assets 
is to achieve a long-term growth of capital, consistent with an appropriate level of risk.  Assets are recognized at fair value 
and are primarily classified within Level 1 of the fair value hierarchy.
(b) The underfunded position is recognized in other non-current liabilities in the Consolidated Statements of Financial 
Position.  
Defined Contribution Retirement Plans
Dell 401(k) Plan — The Company maintains a defined contribution retirement plan (the “Dell 401(k) Plan”) that complies with 
Section 401(k) of the Internal Revenue Code.  Only U.S. employees and employees of certain subsidiaries, except those who 
are covered by a collective bargaining agreement, classified as a leased employee or a nonresident alien, or are covered under a 
separate plan, are eligible to participate in the Dell 401(k) Plan.  Participation in the Dell 401(k) Plan is at the election of the 
employee.  As of February 2, 2024, the Company matched 100% of each participant’s voluntary contributions (the “Dell 401(k) 
employer match”), subject to a maximum contribution of 6% of the participant’s eligible compensation, up to an annual limit of 
$7,500.  Participants vest immediately in all contributions to the Dell 401(k) Plan.  The Company’s matching contributions as 
well as participants’ voluntary contributions are invested according to each participant’s elections in the investment options 
provided under the Dell 401(k) Plan.  The Company’s contributions during the fiscal years ended February 2, 2024, February 3, 
2023, and January 28, 2022 were $238 million, $263 million, and $249 million, respectively.  
Table of Contents
DELL TECHNOLOGIES INC.
NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (continued)
140

NOTE 19 — SEGMENT INFORMATION 
The Company has two reportable segments that are based on the following business units:  Infrastructure Solutions Group 
(“ISG”) and Client Solutions Group (“CSG”).
ISG includes the Company’s storage, server, and networking offerings.  The Company’s comprehensive storage portfolio 
includes modern and traditional storage solutions, including all-flash arrays, scale-out file, object platforms, hyper-converged 
infrastructure, and software-defined storage.  The Company’s server portfolio includes high-performance general-purpose and 
AI-optimized servers.  The Company’s networking portfolio includes wide area network infrastructure, data center and edge 
networking switches, and cables and optics.  ISG also offers software, peripherals, and services, including consulting and 
support and deployment.
CSG includes offerings designed for commercial and consumer customers.  The Company’s CSG portfolio includes branded 
PCs including notebooks, desktops, and workstations, branded peripherals, and third-party software and peripherals.  CSG also 
includes services offerings, such as configuration, support and deployment, and extended warranties.  
The reportable segments disclosed herein are based on information reviewed by the Company’s management to evaluate the 
business segment results.  The Company’s measure of segment revenue and segment operating income for management 
reporting purposes excludes operating results of other businesses, unallocated corporate transactions, the impact of purchase 
accounting, amortization of intangible assets, transaction-related expenses, stock-based compensation expense, and other 
corporate expenses, as applicable.  The Company does not allocate assets to the above reportable segments for internal 
reporting purposes.
Following the completion of the VMware Spin-off and pursuant to the CFA, as described in Note 1 and Note 3 of the Notes to 
the Consolidated Financial Statements, Dell Technologies acted as a distributor of VMware’s standalone products and services 
and purchased such products and services for resale to end-user customers (“VMware Resale”).  The results of VMware Resale 
transactions are reflected in other businesses.  
On November 22, 2023, VMware was acquired by Broadcom.  Following the acquisition, Broadcom announced changes to its 
go-to-market approach for VMware offerings which impacted the Company’s commercial relationship with VMware.  In 
response to such changes, on January 25, 2024, under a provision of the CFA permitting it to terminate the agreement upon a 
change in control of VMware, the Company delivered notice of termination of the CFA to Broadcom under which the 
agreement will terminate on March 25, 2024. 
The Company continues to integrate select VMware products and services with Dell Technologies’ offerings and sell them to 
end-users.  The results of such offerings are reflected within CSG or ISG, depending upon the nature of the underlying offering 
sold.
Table of Contents
DELL TECHNOLOGIES INC.
NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (continued)
141

The following table presents a reconciliation of net revenue by the Company’s reportable segments to the Company’s 
consolidated net revenue as well as a reconciliation of segment operating income to the Company’s consolidated operating 
income for the periods indicated:
 
Fiscal Year Ended
 
February 2, 2024
February 3, 2023
January 28, 2022
 
(in millions)
Consolidated net revenue:
 
 
Infrastructure Solutions Group
$ 
33,885 $ 
38,356 $ 
34,366 
Client Solutions Group
 
48,916  
58,213  
61,464 
Reportable segment net revenue
 
82,801  
96,569  
95,830 
Other businesses (a) (b)
 
5,614  
5,721  
5,388 
Unallocated transactions (c)
 
10  
11  
11 
Impact of purchase accounting (d)
 
—  
—  
(32) 
Total consolidated net revenue
$ 
88,425 $ 
102,301 $ 
101,197 
Consolidated operating income:
Infrastructure Solutions Group
$ 
4,286 $ 
5,045 $ 
3,736 
Client Solutions Group
 
3,512  
3,824  
4,365 
Reportable segment operating income
 
7,798  
8,869  
8,101 
Other businesses (a) (b)
 
(129)  
(240)  
(319) 
Unallocated transactions (c)
 
9  
8  
3 
Impact of purchase accounting (d)
 
(14)  
(44)  
(67) 
Amortization of intangibles
 
(819)  
(970)  
(1,641) 
Transaction-related expenses (e)
 
(12)  
(22)  
(273) 
Stock-based compensation expense (f)
 
(878)  
(931)  
(808) 
Other corporate expenses (g)
 
(744)  
(899)  
(337) 
Total consolidated operating income
$ 
5,211 $ 
5,771 $ 
4,659 
____________________
(a) Other businesses consists of (i) VMware Resale, (ii) Secureworks, and (iii) Virtustream, and do not meet the requirements 
for a reportable segment, either individually or collectively.
(b) The Company completed the sale of Boomi on October 1, 2021.  Prior to the divestiture, Boomi’s results were included 
within other businesses.  See Note 1 of the Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements for further information about 
the divestiture of Boomi. 
(c) Unallocated transactions includes other corporate items that are not allocated to Dell Technologies’ reportable segments.
(d) Impact of purchase accounting includes non-cash purchase accounting adjustments that are primarily related to the EMC 
merger transaction.
(e) Transaction-related expenses includes acquisition, integration, and divestiture related costs.  During Fiscal 2022 this 
category also includes costs incurred in connection with the VMware Spin-off described in Note 1 and Note 3 of the Notes 
to the Consolidated Financial Statements.
(f)
Stock-based compensation expense consists of equity awards granted based on the estimated fair value of those awards at 
grant date.
(g) Other corporate expenses includes impairment charges, severance expense, incentive charges related to equity investments, 
facility action costs, payroll taxes associated with stock-based compensation, and other costs.  
Table of Contents
DELL TECHNOLOGIES INC.
NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (continued)
142

The following table presents the disaggregation of net revenue by reportable segment and by major product categories within 
the segments for the periods indicated:
 
Fiscal Year Ended
 
February 2, 2024
February 3, 2023
January 28, 2022
 
(in millions)
Net revenue:
 
Infrastructure Solutions Group:
Servers and networking
$ 
17,624 $ 
20,398 $ 
17,901 
Storage
 
16,261  
17,958  
16,465 
Total ISG net revenue
$ 
33,885 $ 
38,356 $ 
34,366 
Client Solutions Group:
Commercial
$ 
39,814 $ 
45,556 $ 
45,576 
Consumer
 
9,102  
12,657  
15,888 
Total CSG net revenue
$ 
48,916 $ 
58,213 $ 
61,464 
The following table presents net revenue allocated between the United States and foreign countries for the periods indicated:
Fiscal Year Ended
February 2, 2024
February 3, 2023
January 28, 2022
(in millions)
Net revenue:
United States
$ 
43,986 $ 
49,201 $ 
46,752 
Foreign countries
 
44,439  
53,100  
54,445 
Total net revenue
$ 
88,425 $ 
102,301 $ 
101,197 
The following table presents property, plant, and equipment, net allocated between the United States and foreign countries as of 
the dates indicated:
February 2, 2024
February 3, 2023
(in millions)
Property, plant, and equipment, net:
United States
$ 
4,330 $ 
4,163 
Foreign countries
 
2,102  
2,046 
Total property, plant, and equipment, net
$ 
6,432 $ 
6,209 
The allocation between domestic and foreign net revenue is based on the location of the customers.  Net revenue from any 
single foreign country did not constitute more than 10% of the Company’s consolidated net revenue for any of the fiscal years 
ended February 2, 2024, February 3, 2023, and January 28, 2022.  As of February 2, 2024 and February 3, 2023, property, 
plant, and equipment, net primarily related to domestic ownership.  Within foreign countries, property, plant, and equipment, 
net of $0.8 billion was located in Ireland.
Table of Contents
DELL TECHNOLOGIES INC.
NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (continued)
143

NOTE 20 — RELATED PARTY TRANSACTIONS 
Prior to the acquisition of VMware by Broadcom, VMware was considered a related party of the Company as a result of 
Michael Dell’s ownership interests in both Dell Technologies and VMware as well as Mr. Dell’s service as Chairman and Chief 
Executive Officer of Dell Technologies and as Chairman of the Board of VMware, Inc.  On November 22, 2023, upon the 
completion of Broadcom’s acquisition of VMware, Mr. Dell’s ownership interest in VMware and his position as Chairman of 
the Board of VMware terminated.  The Company has determined that Broadcom’s acquisition terminated the Company’s 
related party relationship with VMware effective as of November 22, 2023 and that no related party relationship exists with 
Broadcom or VMware as of February 2, 2024.
The information provided below includes a summary of related party transactions with VMware for the periods presented 
within this report.  Such transactions were considered related party transactions only through November 21, 2023, the day 
immediately preceding Broadcom’s acquisition of VMware.  The Company continues to engage in select transactions with 
VMware following the completion of Broadcom’s acquisition and the termination of the related party relationship.  See Note 19 
of the Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements for additional information. 
Related Party Transactions with VMware
•
Dell Technologies integrated or bundled select VMware products and services with Dell Technologies’ products and 
sold them to end-users.  Dell Technologies also acted as a distributor, purchasing VMware’s standalone products and 
services for resale to end-user customers.  Where applicable, costs under these arrangements were presented net of 
rebates received by Dell Technologies. 
•
DFS provided financing to certain VMware end-users, which resulted in the recognition of amounts due to related 
parties on the Consolidated Statements of Financial Position.  Associated financing fees were recorded to product net 
revenue on the Consolidated Statements of Income and are reflected within sales and leases of products to VMware in 
the table below.
•
Dell Technologies procured products and services from VMware for its internal use.  For the fiscal years ended 
February 2, 2024, February 3, 2023, and January 28, 2022, costs incurred associated with products and services 
purchased from VMware for internal use were immaterial. 
•
Dell Technologies sold and leased products and sold services to VMware.  For the fiscal years ended February 2, 2024, 
February 3, 2023, and January 28, 2022, revenue recognized from sales of services to VMware was immaterial.
•
Dell Technologies and VMware entered into joint marketing, sales, and branding arrangements, for which both parties 
incurred costs.  For the fiscal years ended February 2, 2024, February 3, 2023, and January 28, 2022, consideration 
received from VMware for joint marketing, sales, and branding arrangements was immaterial.
•
Dell Technologies and VMware entered into a transition services agreement in connection with the VMware Spin-off 
to provide various support services, including investment advisory services, certain support services from Dell 
Technologies personnel, and other transitional services.  Costs incurred associated with this agreement were 
immaterial for the fiscal years ended February 3, 2023 and January 28, 2022.  Activities under the agreement 
concluded during Fiscal 2023.
Table of Contents
DELL TECHNOLOGIES INC.
NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (continued)
144

The following table presents information about the impact of Dell Technologies’ related party transactions with VMware on the 
Consolidated Statements of Income for the periods presented:  
Fiscal Year Ended
Classification
February 2, 
2024 (a) 
February 3, 
2023
January 28, 
2022
(in millions)
Sales and leases of products to VMware
Net revenue - products
$ 
103 $ 
154 $ 
188 
Purchase of VMware products for resale
Cost of net revenue - products
$ 
1,010 $ 
1,634 $ 
1,577 
Purchase of VMware services for resale
Cost of net revenue - services
$ 
2,810 $ 
3,065 $ 
2,487 
____________________
(a)   For the fiscal year ended February 2, 2024, amounts are reported only through November 21, 2023, the day immediately 
preceding the acquisition of VMware by Broadcom.
The following tables present amounts classified as related party balances on the Consolidated Statements of Financial Position 
as of the dates indicated:
Classification
February 3, 2023
(in millions)
Deferred costs related to VMware products and services for resale (a)
Other current assets
$ 
3,000 
Deferred costs related to VMware products and services for resale (a)
Other non-current assets
$ 
2,537 
____________________
(a)   Deferred costs are not reported as related party balances as of February 2, 2024 as the related party relationship with 
VMware terminated upon Broadcom’s acquisition of VMware. 
(in millions)
Due from related party, net, current (b)
$ 
— $ 
378 
Due from related party, net, non-current (c)
$ 
— $ 
440 
Due to related party, current (d)
$ 
— $ 
2,067 
February 2, 2024 (a)
February 3, 2023
____________________
(a) Amounts due from related party, net were reclassified into accounts receivable, net, other current assets, and other non-
current assets, and amounts due to related party, net were reclassified into accounts payable as of February 2, 2024 as, 
subsequent to Broadcom’s acquisition of VMware, the amounts were no longer considered due from or due to a related 
party.
(b) Amounts due from related party, net, current consisted of amounts due from VMware, inclusive of current net tax 
receivables from VMware under the Tax Agreements described below.  Amounts, excluding tax, were generally settled in 
cash within 60 days. 
(c) Amounts due from related party, net, non-current consisted of the non-current portion of net receivables from VMware 
under the Tax Agreements. 
(d) Amounts due to related party, current included amounts due to VMware, which were generally settled in cash within 60 
days.
Related Party Tax Matters
In connection with the VMware Spin-off and concurrently with the execution of the Separation and Distribution Agreement, 
effective as of April 14, 2021, Dell Technologies and VMware entered into a Tax Matters Agreement (the “Tax Matters 
Agreement”) and agreed to terminate the Tax Sharing Agreement as amended on December 30, 2019 (together with the Tax 
Matters Agreement, the “Tax Agreements”).  The Tax Matters Agreement governs Dell Technologies’ and VMware’s 
respective rights and obligations regarding income and other taxes as well as related matters, including tax liabilities, benefits, 
attributes, and returns for periods both preceding and proceeding the spin-off. 
Table of Contents
DELL TECHNOLOGIES INC.
NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (continued)
145

The timing of the tax payments due to and from VMware is governed by the Tax Agreements.  VMware’s portion of the 
mandatory one-time transition tax on accumulated earnings of foreign subsidiaries (the “Transition Tax”) is governed by a letter 
agreement between VMware and Dell Technologies entered into on April 1, 2019.
Pursuant to the Tax Agreements, net receipts from VMware were $286 million during the fiscal year ended February 2, 2024, a 
portion of which was received subsequent to the completion of Broadcom’s acquisition of VMware, and were immaterial for 
the fiscal years ended February 3, 2023 and January 28, 2022.  Such receipts were primarily related to VMware’s portion of the 
Transition Tax and federal income taxes on Dell Technologies’ consolidated income tax return.
As of February 2, 2024 and February 3, 2023, the amount due from VMware under the Tax Matters Agreement was 
$311 million and $599 million, respectively, and primarily related to VMware’s estimated tax obligation resulting from the 
Transition Tax.  The 2017 Tax Cuts and Jobs Act included a deferral election for an eight-year installment payment method on 
the Transition Tax.  Dell Technologies expects VMware to pay the remainder of its Transition Tax over a period of two years.
Upon consummation of the VMware Spin-off, Dell Technologies recorded net income tax indemnification receivables from 
VMware related to certain income tax liabilities for which Dell Technologies is jointly and severally liable, but for which it is 
indemnified by VMware under the Tax Matters Agreement.  The amounts that VMware may be obligated to pay Dell 
Technologies could vary depending on the outcome of certain unresolved tax matters, which may not be resolved for several 
years.  The net receivable as of February 2, 2024 and February 3, 2023 was $104 million and $146 million, respectively.  
Amounts due from VMware as of February 2, 2024 under the Tax Matters Agreement and the indemnification receivable are no 
longer considered due from a related party.
Other Related Parties 
Transactions with other related parties during the periods presented were immaterial, individually and in aggregate.
Table of Contents
DELL TECHNOLOGIES INC.
NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (continued)
146

NOTE 21 — SUPPLEMENTAL CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL INFORMATION
The following table presents additional information on selected assets included in the Consolidated Statements of Financial 
Position as of the dates indicated:
 
February 2, 2024
February 3, 2023
 
(in millions)
Cash, cash equivalents, and restricted cash:
Cash and cash equivalents
$ 
7,366 $ 
8,607 
Restricted cash - other current assets (a)
 
136  
272 
Restricted cash - other non-current assets (a)
 
5  
15 
Total cash, cash equivalents, and restricted cash
$ 
7,507 $ 
8,894 
Inventories:
Production materials
$ 
2,321 $ 
3,225 
Work-in-process
 
607  
708 
Finished goods
 
694  
843 
Total inventories
$ 
3,622 $ 
4,776 
Prepaid expenses:
Total prepaid expenses (b)
$ 
589 $ 
641 
Deferred Costs:
Total deferred costs, current (b)
$ 
5,548 $ 
5,459 
Property, plant, and equipment, net (c):
Assets in a customer contract
$ 
5,022 $ 
4,664 
Computer and other equipment
 
3,552  
3,401 
Land and buildings
 
2,877  
3,059 
Internal use software
 
2,166  
1,968 
Total property, plant, and equipment
 
13,617  
13,092 
Accumulated depreciation and amortization (d)
 
(7,185)  
(6,883) 
Total property, plant, and equipment, net
$ 
6,432 $ 
6,209 
____________________
(a) Restricted cash includes cash required to be held in escrow pursuant to DFS securitization arrangements.
(b) Deferred costs and prepaid expenses are included in other current assets in the Consolidated Statements of Financial 
Position.  Amounts classified as long-term deferred costs are included in other non-current assets and are not disclosed 
above.
(c) The Company revised its presentation of property, plant, and equipment, net by major asset class as of February 2, 2024.  
Prior period balances have been recast to conform to this presentation. 
(d) During the fiscal years ended February 2, 2024, February 3, 2023, and January 28, 2022, the Company recognized $2.0 
billion, $1.8 billion, and $1.6 billion, respectively, in depreciation expense.
Table of Contents
DELL TECHNOLOGIES INC.
NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (continued)
147

Warranty Liability
The following table presents changes in the Company’s liability for standard limited warranties for the periods indicated:
Fiscal Year Ended
February 2, 2024
February 3, 2023
January 28, 2022
(in millions)
Warranty liability:
Warranty liability at beginning of period
$ 
467 $ 
480 $ 
473 
Costs accrued for new warranty contracts and changes in 
estimates for pre-existing warranties (a)
 
808  
956  
957 
Service obligations honored
 
(849)  
(969)  
(950) 
Warranty liability at end of period
$ 
426 $ 
467 $ 
480 
____________________
(a)   Changes in cost estimates related to pre-existing warranties are aggregated with accruals for new standard warranty 
contracts.  The Company’s warranty liability process does not differentiate between estimates made for pre-existing 
warranties and those made for new warranty obligations. 
Severance Charges
The Company incurs costs related to employee severance and records a liability for these costs when it is probable that 
employees will be entitled to termination benefits and the amounts can be reasonably estimated.  The liability related to these 
actions is included in accrued and other current liabilities in the Consolidated Statements of Financial Position.
The following table presents the activity related to the Company’s severance liability for the periods indicated:
Fiscal Year Ended
 
February 2, 2024
February 3, 2023
January 28, 2022
(in millions)
Severance liability:
Severance liability at beginning of period
$ 
408 $ 
74 $ 
109 
Severance charges
 
648  
527  
134 
Cash paid and other
 
(704)  
(193)  
(169) 
Severance liability at end of period
$ 
352 $ 
408 $ 
74 
The following table presents severance charges as included in the Consolidated Statements of Income for the periods indicated:
Fiscal Year Ended
 
February 2, 2024
February 3, 2023
January 28, 2022
(in millions)
Severance charges:
Cost of net revenue
$ 
86 $ 
108 $ 
29 
Selling, general, and administrative
 
522  
363  
98 
Research and development
 
40  
56  
7 
Total severance charges
$ 
648 $ 
527 $ 
134 
Table of Contents
DELL TECHNOLOGIES INC.
NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (continued)
148

Supply Chain Finance Program
The Company maintains a Supply Chain Finance Program (the “SCF Program”), which enables eligible suppliers of the 
Company, at the supplier's sole discretion, to sell receivables due from the Company to a third-party financial institution.  The 
Company has no involvement in establishing the terms or conditions of the arrangement between its suppliers and the financial 
institution and no economic interest in a supplier's decision to sell a receivable.  Suppliers may elect to sell varying amounts of 
their outstanding receivables as part of the SCF Program.  The Company does not provide legally secured assets or other forms 
of guarantees under the arrangement.  
The SCF Program does not impact the Company's liquidity as payments for participating supplier invoices are remitted by the 
Company to the financial institution on the original invoice due date, regardless of whether an individual invoice is sold by the 
supplier to the financial institution.  Further, the Company negotiates payment terms with suppliers regardless of their decision 
to participate in the SCF Program.  Payment terms with such suppliers vary and do not exceed 130 days.
Any amounts due to the financial institution for suppliers participating in the SCF Program are recorded within Accounts 
Payable on the Consolidated Statements of Financial Position and associated payments are included in cash flows from 
operating activities on the Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows.
As of February 2, 2024 and February 3, 2023, the Company had $1.1 billion and $1.0 billion, respectively, included within 
Accounts Payable representing invoices due to suppliers confirmed as valid under the SCF Program. 
Interest and other, net
The following table presents information regarding interest and other, net for the periods indicated:
Fiscal Year Ended
February 2, 2024
February 3, 2023
January 28, 2022
(in millions)
Interest and other, net:
Investment income, primarily interest
$ 
305 $ 
100 $ 
42 
Gain (loss) on investments, net
 
47  
(206)  
569 
Interest expense
 
(1,501)  
(1,222)  
(1,542) 
Foreign exchange
 
(199)  
(265)  
(221) 
Gain on disposition of businesses and assets
 
—  
—  
3,968 
Debt extinguishment gain (loss)
 
68  
—  
(1,572) 
Legal settlement, net
 
—  
(894)  
— 
Other
 
(44)  
(59)  
20 
Total interest and other, net
$ 
(1,324) $ 
(2,546) $ 
1,264 
Table of Contents
DELL TECHNOLOGIES INC.
NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (continued)
149

NOTE 22 — GOVERNMENT ASSISTANCE
The Company receives government assistance in the form of grants and incentives which vary in size, duration, and conditions 
from various domestic and international governing bodies and related entities which are primarily structured as cash grants and 
non-income tax incentives.  For government assistance in which no specific US GAAP applies, the Company accounts for such 
transactions as a gain contingency and by analogy to a grant model.  Under such model, the Company recognizes the impact of 
the government assistance on the Consolidated Statements of Income upon reaching reasonable assurance that the Company 
will comply with the conditions of the assistance and that the grant will be received.  The Company classifies the impact of 
government assistance on the Consolidated Statements of Income based on the underlying nature and purpose of the assistance. 
During the fiscal years ended February 2, 2024 and February 3, 2023, government assistance received primarily consisted of the 
following:
The Company received assistance from foreign governmental entities designed, in part, to promote competitive pricing by 
providing companies with an offset to local sales taxes incurred on the sales of products to customers.  The assistance received 
is broadly available to companies.  To qualify for this assistance, companies are required to invest a portion of local revenue, 
derived from goods manufactured locally, into research and development activities.  The incentives in place are currently set to 
expire at various dates through 2029.  Such expirations could be impacted by future legislation.  During the fiscal years ended 
February 2, 2024 and February 3, 2023, the Company recognized $288 million and $297 million, respectively, within net 
revenue on the Consolidated Statements of Income related to such assistance.
The Company received incentives from foreign governmental entities to provide reimbursement for various costs incurred that 
are directly tied to the production or delivery of offerings sold to customers.  The agreements governing such assistance require 
that the Company comply with certain conditions including, but not limited to, the achievement of future operational targets.  
These agreements currently expire at various dates through 2029.  During the fiscal years ended February 2, 2024 and 
February 3, 2023, the Company recognized a benefit of $166 million and $318 million, respectively, to cost of net revenue on 
the Consolidated Statements of Income related to such assistance.
Table of Contents
DELL TECHNOLOGIES INC.
NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (continued)
150

NOTE 23 — SUBSEQUENT EVENTS 
Except as otherwise disclosed, there were no known events occurring after February 2, 2024, and up until the date of issuance 
of this report that would materially affect the information presented herein.
Table of Contents
DELL TECHNOLOGIES INC.
NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (continued)
151

ITEM 9 — CHANGES IN AND DISAGREEMENTS WITH ACCOUNTANTS ON ACCOUNTING AND FINANCIAL 
DISCLOSURE
None.
ITEM 9A — CONTROLS AND PROCEDURES
This report includes the certifications of our Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer required by Rule 13a-14 under 
the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 (the “Exchange Act”).  See Exhibits 31.1 and 31.2 filed with this report.  This Item 9A 
includes information concerning the controls and control evaluations referred to in those certifications.
Evaluation of Disclosure Controls and Procedures
Disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e) under the Exchange Act) are designed to 
provide reasonable assurance that information required to be disclosed in reports filed or submitted under the Exchange Act is 
recorded, processed, summarized, and reported within the time periods specified in SEC rules and forms and that such 
information is accumulated and communicated to management, including the Chief Executive Officer and the Chief Financial 
Officer, as appropriate to allow timely decisions regarding required disclosures.
In connection with the preparation of this report, our management, under the supervision and with the participation of our Chief 
Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer, conducted an evaluation of the effectiveness of the design and operation of our 
disclosure controls and procedures as of February 2, 2024.  Based on that evaluation, our Chief Executive Officer and Chief 
Financial Officer have concluded that our disclosure controls and procedures were effective at the reasonable assurance level as 
of February 2, 2024.
Management’s Annual Report on Internal Control Over Financial Reporting
Management, under the supervision of the Chief Executive Officer and the Chief Financial Officer, is responsible for 
establishing and maintaining adequate internal control over financial reporting.  Internal control over financial reporting (as 
defined in Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d(f) under the Exchange Act) is a process designed to provide reasonable assurance regarding 
the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with 
generally accepted accounting principles.  Internal control over financial reporting includes those policies and procedures which 
(a) pertain to the maintenance of records that, in reasonable detail, accurately and fairly reflect the transactions and dispositions 
of assets, (b) provide reasonable assurance that transactions are recorded as necessary to permit preparation of financial 
statements in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles, (c) provide reasonable assurance that receipts and 
expenditures are being made only in accordance with appropriate authorization of management and the board of directors, and 
(d) provide reasonable assurance regarding prevention or timely detection of unauthorized acquisition, use, or disposition of 
assets that could have a material effect on the financial statements.
In connection with the preparation of this report, our management, under the supervision and with the participation of our Chief 
Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer, conducted an evaluation of the effectiveness of our internal control over 
financial reporting as of February 2, 2024, based on the criteria established in Internal Control — Integrated Framework (2013) 
issued by the Committee of Sponsoring Organizations of the Treadway Commission.  As a result of that evaluation, 
management has concluded that our internal control over financial reporting was effective as of February 2, 2024.  
The effectiveness of our internal control over financial reporting as of February 2, 2024 has been audited by 
PricewaterhouseCoopers LLP, our independent registered public accounting firm, as stated in their report, which is included in 
“Item 8 — Financial Statements and Supplementary Data.”
Changes in Internal Control Over Financial Reporting
There were no changes in our internal control over financial reporting during the fiscal quarter ended February 2, 2024 that 
have materially affected, or are reasonably likely to materially affect, our internal control over financial reporting. 
152

Limitations on the Effectiveness of Controls
Our system of controls is designed to provide reasonable, not absolute, assurance regarding the reliability and integrity of 
accounting and financial reporting.  Management does not expect that our disclosure controls and procedures or our internal 
control over financial reporting will prevent or detect all errors and all fraud.  A control system, no matter how well designed 
and operated, can provide only reasonable, not absolute, assurance that the objectives of the control system will be met.  These 
inherent limitations include the following:
•
Judgments in decision-making can be faulty, and control and process breakdowns can occur because of simple errors or 
mistakes.
•
Controls can be circumvented by individuals, acting alone or in collusion with each other, or by management override.
•
The design of any system of controls is based in part on certain assumptions about the likelihood of future events, and there 
can be no assurance that any design will succeed in achieving its stated goals under all potential future conditions.
•
Over time, controls may become inadequate because of changes in conditions or deterioration in the degree of compliance 
with associated policies or procedures.
•
The design of a control system must reflect the fact that resources are constrained, and the benefits of controls must be 
considered relative to their costs.
153

ITEM 9B — OTHER INFORMATION
Trading Arrangements
On January 4, 2024, Richard J. Rothberg, our General Counsel, adopted a written plan for the sale of up to 114,368 shares of 
the Company’s Class C Common Stock that is intended to satisfy the affirmative defense conditions of Rule 10b5-1(c) under 
the Exchange Act.  The plan will expire on August 30, 2024, or on any earlier date on which all of the shares have been sold. 
ITEM 9C — DISCLOSURE REGARDING FOREIGN JURISDICTIONS THAT PREVENT INSPECTIONS
Not applicable.
PART III
ITEM 10 — DIRECTORS, EXECUTIVE OFFICERS AND CORPORATE GOVERNANCE
We have adopted a code of ethics applicable to our principal executive officer and our other senior financial officers.  The code 
of ethics, which we refer to as our Code of Ethics for Senior Financial Officers, is available on the Investor Relations page of 
our website at www.delltechnologies.com.  To the extent required by SEC rules, we intend to disclose any amendments to this 
code and any waiver of a provision of the code for the benefit of any senior financial officers on our website within any period 
that may be required under SEC rules from time to time.
See “Part I — Item 1 — Business — Information about our Executive Officers” for more information about our executive 
officers, which is incorporated by reference in this Item 10.  Other information required by this Item 10 is incorporated herein 
by reference to our definitive proxy statement for our 2024 annual meeting of stockholders, referred to as the “2024 proxy 
statement,” which we will file with the SEC on or before 120 days after our 2024 fiscal year-end, and which will appear in the 
2024 proxy statement under the captions “Proposal 1 — Election of Directors” and “Additional Information — Delinquent 
Section 16(a) Reports,” if applicable.
The following information about the members of our Board of Directors and the principal occupation or employment of each 
director is provided as of the date of this report.
Michael S. Dell
Chairman and Chief Executive Officer
Dell Technologies Inc.
Lynn Vojvodich Radakovich
Public Company Director
David W. Dorman
Founding Partner
Centerview Capital Technology
(investments)
Ellen J. Kullman
Public Company Director
Egon Durban
Co-CEO
Silver Lake
(private equity)
Steve M. Mollenkopf
Public Company Director
William D. Green
Public Company Director
David Grain
Founder and CEO
Grain Management
(private equity)
154

ITEM 11 — EXECUTIVE COMPENSATION
Information required by this Item 11 is incorporated herein by reference to the 2024 proxy statement, including the information 
in the 2024 proxy statement appearing under the captions “Proposal 1 — Election of Directors — Director Compensation” and 
“Compensation of Executive Officers.”
ITEM 12 — SECURITY OWNERSHIP OF CERTAIN BENEFICIAL OWNERS AND MANAGEMENT AND 
RELATED STOCKHOLDER MATTERS
Information required by this Item 12 is incorporated herein by reference to the 2024 proxy statement, including the information 
in the 2024 proxy statement appearing under the captions “Equity Compensation Plan Information” and “Security Ownership of 
Certain Beneficial Owners and Management.”
ITEM 13 — CERTAIN RELATIONSHIPS AND RELATED TRANSACTIONS, AND DIRECTOR INDEPENDENCE
Information required by this Item 13 is incorporated herein by reference to the 2024 proxy statement, including the information 
in the 2024 proxy statement appearing under the captions “Proposal 1 — Elections of Directors” and “Transactions with 
Related Persons.”
ITEM 14 — PRINCIPAL ACCOUNTANT FEES AND SERVICES
Information required by this Item 14 is incorporated herein by reference to the 2024 proxy statement, including the information 
in the 2024 proxy statement appearing under the caption “Proposal 2 — Ratification of Appointment of Independent Registered 
Public Accounting Firm.”
155

PART IV
ITEM 15 — EXHIBIT AND FINANCIAL STATEMENT SCHEDULES
The following documents are filed as part of this Annual Report on Form 10-K:
(1)  Financial Statements: The following financial statements are filed as part of this report under “Part II — Item 8 — 
Financial Statements and Supplementary Data”:
Consolidated Financial Statements:
Report of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm
Consolidated Statements of Financial Position at February 2, 2024 and February 3, 2023
Consolidated Statements of Income for the fiscal years ended February 2, 2024, February 3, 2023, and January 28, 
2022
Consolidated Statements of Comprehensive Income for the fiscal years ended February 2, 2024, February 3, 2023, and 
January 28, 2022
Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows for the fiscal years ended February 2, 2024, February 3, 2023, and January 28, 
2022
Consolidated Statements of Stockholders’ Equity (Deficit) for the fiscal years ended February 2, 2024, February 3, 
2023, and January 28, 2022
Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements
(2) Financial Statement Schedules: 
All schedules have been omitted because they are not applicable or the required information is otherwise included in 
the Consolidated Financial Statements or Notes thereto.
Exhibits:
Exhibit
Number
Description
2.1
Separation and Distribution Agreement, dated as of April 14, 2021, by and between Dell Technologies Inc. and 
VMware, Inc. (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 2.1 to the Current Report on Form 8-K of Dell Technologies 
Inc. (the “Company”) filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission (the “Commission”) on April 14, 
2021) (Commission File No. 001-37867).
2.2
Letter Agreement, dated as of October 7, 2021, by and between Dell Technologies Inc. and VMware, Inc. 
(incorporated by reference to Exhibit 99.1 to the Current Report on Form 8-K of the Company filed with the 
Commission on October 7, 2021) (Commission File No. 001-37867).
2.3
Letter Agreement, dated as of November 1, 2021, by and between Dell Technologies Inc. and VMware, Inc. 
(incorporated by reference to Exhibit 99.2 to the Current Report on Form 8-K of the Company filed with the 
Commission on November 1, 2021) (Commission File No. 001-37867).
3.1
Sixth Amended and Restated Certificate of Incorporation of Dell Technologies Inc. (incorporated by reference to 
Exhibit 3.1 to the Company’s Current Report on Form 8-K filed with the Commission on June 29, 2022) 
(Commission File No. 001-37867).
3.2
Third Amended and Restated Bylaws of Dell Technologies Inc. (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 3.2 to the 
Company’s Current Report on Form 8-K filed with the Commission on June 29, 2022) (Commission File No. 
001-37867).
4.1
Indenture, dated as of April 27, 1998, between Dell Computer Corporation and Chase Bank of Texas, National 
Association, as trustee (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 99.2 to Dell Inc.’s Current Report on Form 8-K filed 
with the Commission on April 28, 1998) (Commission File No. 000-17017).
4.2
Indenture, dated as of April 17, 2008, between Dell Inc. and The Bank of New York Mellon Trust Company, 
N.A. (formerly The Bank of New York Trust Company, N.A.), as trustee (including the form of notes) 
(incorporated by reference to Exhibit 4.1 to Dell Inc.’s Current Report on Form 8-K filed with the Commission 
on April 17, 2008) (Commission File No. 000-17017).
156

4.3
Indenture, dated as of April 6, 2009, between Dell Inc. and The Bank of New York Mellon Trust Company, 
N.A., as trustee (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 4.1 to Dell Inc.’s Current Report on Form 8-K filed with 
the Commission on April 6, 2009) (Commission File No. 000-17017).
4.4
Third Supplemental Indenture, dated September 10, 2010, between Dell Inc. and The Bank of New York Mellon 
Trust Company, N.A., as trustee (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 4.1 to Dell Inc.’s Current Report on Form 
8-K filed with the Commission on September 10, 2010) (Commission File No. 000-17017).
4.5
Base Indenture, dated as of June 1, 2016, among Diamond 1 Finance Corporation and Diamond 2 Finance 
Corporation, as issuers, and The Bank of New York Mellon Trust Company, N.A., as trustee and collateral agent 
(incorporated by reference to Exhibit 4.14 to Amendment No. 6 to the Company’s 2016 Form S-4 filed with the 
Commission on June 3, 2016) (Registration No. 333-208524).
4.6
2026 Notes Supplemental Indenture No. 1, dated June 1, 2016, among Diamond 1 Finance Corporation, 
Diamond 2 Finance Corporation and The Bank of New York Mellon Trust Company, N.A., as trustee and 
collateral agent (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 4.21 to Amendment No. 6 to the Company’s 2016 Form 
S-4 filed with the Commission on June 3, 2016) (Registration No. 333-208524).
4.7
2036 Notes Supplemental Indenture No. 1, dated June 1, 2016, among Diamond 1 Finance Corporation, 
Diamond 2 Finance Corporation and The Bank of New York Mellon Trust Company, N.A., as trustee and 
collateral agent (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 4.23 to Amendment No. 6 to the Company’s 2016 Form 
S-4 filed with the Commission on June 3, 2016) (Registration No. 333-208524).
4.8
2046 Notes Supplemental Indenture No. 1, dated June 1, 2016, among Diamond 1 Finance Corporation, 
Diamond 2 Finance Corporation and The Bank of New York Mellon Trust Company, N.A., as trustee and 
collateral agent (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 4.25 to Amendment No. 6 to the Company’s 2016 Form 
S-4 filed with the Commission on June 3, 2016) (Registration No. 333-208524).
4.9
First Supplemental Indenture, dated as of September 6, 2016, by and among Diamond 1 Finance Corporation, 
Diamond 2 Finance Corporation and The Bank of New York Mellon Trust Company, N.A., as trustee and 
collateral agent (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 4.1 to the Company’s Current Report on Form 8-K filed 
with the Commission on September 9, 2016) (Commission File No. 001-37867).
4.10
2019 Notes Supplemental Indenture No. 2, 2021 Notes Supplemental Indenture No. 2, 2023 Notes Supplemental 
Indenture No. 2, 2026 Notes Supplemental Indenture No. 2, 2036 Notes Supplemental Indenture No. 2 and 2046 
Notes Supplemental Indenture No. 2, dated as of September 7, 2016, by and among Dell International L.L.C., 
EMC Corporation, New Dell International LLC and The Bank of New York Mellon Trust Company, N.A., as 
trustee and collateral agent (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 4.2 to the Company’s Current Report on Form 
8-K filed with the Commission on September 9, 2016) (Commission File No. 001-37867).
4.11
2019 Notes Supplemental Indenture No. 3, 2021 Notes Supplemental Indenture No. 3, 2023 Notes Supplemental 
Indenture No. 3, 2026 Notes Supplemental Indenture No. 3, 2036 Notes Supplemental Indenture No. 3 and 2046 
Notes Supplemental Indenture No. 3, dated as of September 7, 2016, by and among Dell International L.L.C., 
EMC Corporation, Dell Technologies Inc., Denali Intermediate Inc., Dell Inc., the other guarantors named 
therein and The Bank of New York Mellon Trust Company, N.A., as trustee and collateral agent (incorporated by 
reference to Exhibit 4.3 to the Company’s Current Report on Form 8-K filed with the Commission on September 
9, 2016) (Commission File No. 001-37867).
4.12
2019 Notes Supplemental Indenture No. 4, 2021 Notes Supplemental Indenture No. 4, 2023 Notes Supplemental 
Indenture No. 4, 2026 Notes Supplemental Indenture No. 4, 2036 Notes Supplemental Indenture No. 4 and 2046 
Notes Supplemental Indenture No. 4, dated as of May 23, 2017, by and among Dell International L.L.C., EMC 
Corporation, Dell Global Holdings XIII L.L.C., QTZ L.L.C. and The Bank of New York Mellon Trust Company, 
N.A., as Trustee and Collateral Agent (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 4.32 to the Company’s Annual 
Report on Form 10-K for the fiscal year ended February 1, 2019) (Commission File No. 001-37867).
4.13
Supplemental Indenture No. 5, dated as of March 20, 2019, among Dell International L.L.C., EMC Corporation, 
the guarantors party thereto and The Bank of New York Mellon Trust Company, N.A., as Trustee and Notes 
Collateral Agent (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 4.11 to the Company’s Current Report on Form 8-K filed 
with the Commission on March 21, 2019) (Commission File No. 001-37867).
4.14
Base Indenture, dated as of March 20, 2019, among Dell International L.L.C., EMC Corporation, the guarantors 
party thereto and The Bank of New York Mellon Trust Company, N.A., as Trustee and Notes Collateral Agent 
(incorporated by reference to Exhibit 4.1 to the Company’s Current Report on Form 8-K filed with the 
Commission on March 21, 2019) (Commission File No. 001-37867).
4.15
2024 Notes Supplemental Indenture No. 1, dated as of March 20, 2019, among Dell International L.L.C., EMC 
Corporation, the guarantors party thereto and The Bank of New York Mellon Trust Company, N.A., as Trustee 
and Notes Collateral Agent (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 4.2 to the Company’s Current Report on Form 
8-K filed with the Commission on March 21, 2019) (Commission File No. 001-37867).
4.16
2026 Notes Supplemental Indenture No. 1, dated as of March 20, 2019, among Dell International L.L.C., EMC 
Corporation, the guarantors party thereto and The Bank of New York Mellon Trust Company, N.A., as Trustee 
and Notes Collateral Agent (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 4.3 to the Company’s Current Report on Form 
8-K filed with the Commission on March 21, 2019) (Commission File No. 001-37867).
157

4.17
2029 Notes Supplemental Indenture No. 1, dated as of March 20, 2019, among Dell International L.L.C., EMC 
Corporation, the guarantors party thereto and The Bank of New York Mellon Trust Company, N.A., as Trustee 
and Notes Collateral Agent (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 4.4 to the Company’s Current Report on Form 
8-K filed with the Commission on March 21, 2019) (Commission File No. 001-37867).
4.18
Base Indenture, dated as of April 9, 2020, among Dell International L.L.C., EMC Corporation, the guarantors 
party thereto and The Bank of New York Mellon Trust Company, N.A., as Trustee and Notes Collateral Agent 
(incorporated by reference to Exhibit 4.1 to the Company’s Current Report on Form 8-K filed with the 
Commission on April 9, 2020) (Commission File No. 001-37867).
4.19
2025 Notes Supplemental Indenture No. 1, dated as of April 9, 2020, among Dell International L.L.C., EMC 
Corporation, the guarantors party thereto and The Bank of New York Mellon Trust Company, N.A., as Trustee 
and Notes Collateral Agent (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 4.2 to the Company’s Current Report on Form 
8-K filed with the Commission on April 9, 2020) (Commission File No. 001-37867).
4.20
2027 Notes Supplemental Indenture No. 1, dated as of April 9, 2020, among Dell International L.L.C., EMC 
Corporation, the guarantors party thereto and The Bank of New York Mellon Trust Company, N.A., as Trustee 
and Notes Collateral Agent (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 4.3 to the Company’s Current Report on Form 
8-K filed with the Commission on April 9, 2020) (Commission File No. 001-37867).
4.21
2030 Notes Supplemental Indenture No. 1, dated as of April 9, 2020, among Dell International L.L.C., EMC 
Corporation, the guarantors party thereto and The Bank of New York Mellon Trust Company, N.A., as Trustee 
and Notes Collateral Agent (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 4.4 to the Company’s Current Report on Form 
8-K filed with the Commission on April 9, 2020) (Commission File No. 001-37867).
4.22
Base Indenture, dated as of December 13, 2021, among Dell International L.L.C., EMC Corporation, the 
guarantors party thereto and The Bank of New York Mellon Trust Company, N.A., as Trustee (incorporated by 
reference to Exhibit 4.1 to the Company’s Current Report on Form 8-K filed with the Commission on December 
15, 2021) (Commission File No. 001-37867).
4.23
2041 Notes Supplemental Indenture No. 1, dated as of December 13, 2021, among Dell International L.L.C., 
EMC Corporation, the guarantors party thereto and The Bank of New York Mellon Trust Company, N.A., as 
Trustee (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 4.2 to the Company’s Current Report on Form 8-K filed with the 
Commission on December 15, 2021) (Commission File No. 001-37867).
4.24
2051 Notes Supplemental Indenture No. 1, dated as of December 13, 2021, among Dell International L.L.C., 
EMC Corporation, the guarantors party thereto and The Bank of New York Mellon Trust Company, N.A., as 
Trustee (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 4.3 to the Company’s Current Report on Form 8-K filed with the 
Commission on December 15, 2021) (Commission File No. 001-37867).
4.25
Registration Rights Agreement, dated as of December 13, 2021, among Dell International L.L.C., EMC 
Corporation, the guarantors party thereto and BofA Securities, Inc., Barclays Capital Inc., Citigroup Global 
Markets Inc., Credit Suisse Securities (USA) LLC, J.P. Morgan Securities LLC and Wells Fargo Securities LLC, 
as the representatives for the initial purchasers. (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 4.4 to the Company’s 
Current Report on Form 8-K filed with the Commission on December 15, 2021) (Commission File No. 
001-37867).
4.26
Form of Global Note for 3.375% Senior Notes due 2041 (included in Exhibit 4.23).
4.27
Form of Global Note for 3.450% Senior Notes due 2051 (included in Exhibit 4.24).
4.28
Second Amended and Restated Registration Rights Agreement, dated as of December 25, 2018, by and among 
the Company, Michael S. Dell, Susan Lieberman Dell Separate Property Trust, MSDC Denali Investors, L.P., 
MSDC Denali EIV, LLC, Silver Lake Partners III, L.P., Silver Lake Technology Investors III, L.P., Silver Lake 
Partners IV, L.P., Silver Lake Technology Investors IV, L.P., SLP Denali Co-Invest, L.P., Venezio Investments 
Pte. Ltd. and the Management Stockholders party thereto (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.4 to the 
Company’s Current Report on Form 8-K filed with the Commission on December 28, 2018) (Commission File 
No. 001-37867).
4.29
Amendment No. 1 to the Second Amended and Restated Registration Rights Agreement, dated as of May 27, 
2019, among Dell Technologies Inc., Michael S. Dell, Susan Lieberman Dell Separate Property Trust, MSDC 
Denali Investors, L.P., MSDC Denali EIV, LLC, SL SPV-2, L.P., Silver Lake Partners IV, L.P., Silver Lake 
Technology Investors IV, L.P., Silver Lake Partners V DE (AIV), L.P., Silver Lake Technology Investors V, 
L.P., SLP Denali Co-Invest, L.P. and Venezio Investments Pte. Ltd.  (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 4.40 
to the Company’s Annual Report on Form 10-K for the fiscal year ended January 31, 2020) (Commission File 
No. 001-37867).
4.30
Amendment No. 2 to the Second Amended and Restated Registration Rights Agreement, dated as of April 15, 
2020, among Dell Technologies Inc., Michael S. Dell and Susan Lieberman Dell Separate Property Trust, SL 
SPV-2 L.P., Silver Lake Partners IV, L.P., Silver Lake Technology Investors IV, L.P., Silver Lake Partners V 
DE (AIV), L.P., Silver Lake Technology Investors V, L.P. and Venezio Investments Pte. Ltd. (incorporated by 
reference to Exhibit 4.9 to the Company’s Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q for the quarterly period ended May 1, 
2020) (Commission File No. 001-37867).
158

4.31
Amendment No. 3 to the Second Amended and Restated Registration Rights Agreement, dated as of September 
15, 2020, among Dell Technologies Inc., Michael S. Dell and Susan Lieberman Dell Separate Property Trust, SL 
SPV-2 L.P., Silver Lake Partners IV, L.P., Silver Lake Technology Investors IV, L.P., Silver Lake Partners V 
DE (AIV), L.P., Silver Lake Technology Investors V, L.P. and Venezio Investments Pte. Ltd. (incorporated by 
reference to Exhibit 4.1 to the Company’s Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q for the quarterly period ended 
October 30, 2020) (Commission File No. 001-37867).
4.32
Consent to the Extension of Registration Rights Under the Second Amended and Restated Registration Rights 
Agreement, dated January 18, 2023, among Dell Technologies Inc. and SL SPV-2 L.P., Silver Lake Partners IV, 
L.P., Silver Lake Technology Investors IV, L.P., Silver Lake Partners V DE (AIV), L.P., Silver Lake Technology 
Investors V, L.P. (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 4.36 to the Company’s Annual Report on Form 10-K for 
the fiscal year ended February 3, 2023) (Commission File No. 001-37867).
4.33
Consent to the Extension of Registration Rights Under the Second Amended and Restated Registration Rights 
Agreement, dated March 30, 2023, among Dell Technologies Inc. and SL SPV-2 L.P., Silver Lake Partners IV, 
L.P., Silver Lake Technology Investors IV, L.P., Silver Lake Partners V DE (AIV), L.P., Silver Lake Technology 
Investors V, L.P. (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 4.1 to the Company’s Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q for 
the quarterly period ended May 5, 2023) (Commission File No. 001-37867).
4.34
Consent to the Extension of Registration Rights Under the Second Amended and Restated Registration Rights 
Agreement, dated June 5, 2023, among Dell Technologies Inc. and SL SPV-2 L.P., Silver Lake Partners IV, L.P., 
Silver Lake Technology Investors IV, L.P., Silver Lake Partners V DE (AIV), L.P., Silver Lake Technology 
Investors V, L.P. (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 4.1 to the Company’s Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q for 
the quarterly period ended August 4, 2023) (Commission File No. 001-37867).
4.35
Consent to the Extension of Registration Rights Under the Second Amended and Restated Registration Rights 
Agreement, dated September 11, 2023, among Dell Technologies Inc. and SL SPV-2 L.P., Silver Lake Partners 
IV, L.P., Silver Lake Technology Investors IV, L.P., Silver Lake Partners V DE (AIV), L.P., Silver Lake 
Technology Investors V, L.P. (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 4.1 to the Company’s Quarterly Report on 
Form 10-Q for the quarterly period ended November 3, 2023) (Commission File No. 001-37867).
4.36†
Consent to the Extension of Registration Rights Under the Second Amended and Restated Registration Rights 
Agreement, dated December 13, 2023, among Dell Technologies Inc. and SL SPV-2 L.P., Silver Lake Partners 
IV, L.P., Silver Lake Technology Investors IV, L.P., Silver Lake Partners V DE (AIV), L.P., Silver Lake 
Technology Investors V, L.P. 
4.37
Base Indenture, dated as of January 24, 2023, among Dell International L.L.C, EMC Corporation, the guarantors 
party thereto and The Bank of New York Mellon Trust Company, N.A., as Trustee (incorporated by reference to 
Exhibit 4.1 to the Company’s Current Report on Form 8-K filed with the Commission on January 24, 2023) 
(Commission File No. 001-37867).
4.38
2028 Notes Supplemental Indenture No. 1, dated as of January 24, 2023, among Dell International L.L.C, EMC 
Corporation, the guarantors party thereto and The Bank of New York Mellon Trust Company, N.A., as Trustee 
(incorporated by reference to Exhibit 4.2 to the Company’s Current Report on Form 8-K filed with the 
Commission on January 24, 2023) (Commission File No. 001-37867).
4.39
2033 Notes Supplemental Indenture No. 1, dated as of January 24, 2023, among Dell International L.L.C, EMC 
Corporation, the guarantors party thereto and The Bank of New York Mellon Trust Company, N.A., as Trustee 
(incorporated by reference to Exhibit 4.3 to the Company’s Current Report on Form 8-K filed with the 
Commission on January 24, 2023) (Commission File No. 001-37867).
4.40
Form of Global Note for 5.250% Senior Notes due 2028 (included in Exhibit 4.38).
4.41
Form of Global Note for 5.750% Senior Notes due 2033 (included in Exhibit 4.39).
4.42
Amended and Restated Description of Common Stock (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 4.42 to the 
Company’s Annual Report on Form 10-K for the fiscal year ended February 3, 2023) (Commission File No. 
001-37867).
10.1*
Dell Technologies Inc. 2012 Long-Term Incentive Plan (formerly known as Dell Inc. 2012 Long-Term Incentive 
Plan) as amended and restated as of October 6, 2017 (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.4 to the Company’s 
Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q for the quarterly period ended November 3, 2017) (Commission File No. 
001-37867).
10.2*
Dell Inc. Annual Bonus Plan (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.1 to the Company’s Quarterly Report on 
Form 10-Q for the quarterly period ended May 1, 2020) (Commission File No. 001-37867).
10.3*
Employment Agreement, dated October 29, 2013, by and among Dell Inc., the Company and Michael S. Dell 
(incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.7 to Amendment No. 3 to the Company’s 2016 Form S-4 filed with the 
Commission on April 11, 2016) (Registration No. 333-208524).
10.4*
Dell Inc. Severance Pay Plan for Executive Employees (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.14 to the 
Company’s Annual Report on Form 10-K for the fiscal year ended February 3, 2017) (Commission File No. 
001-37867).
159

10.5*
Form of Protection of Sensitive Information, Noncompetition and Nonsolicitation Agreement (incorporated by 
reference to Exhibit 10.16 to Amendment No. 3 to the Company’s 2016 Form S-4 filed with the Commission on 
April 11, 2016) (Registration No. 333-208524).
10.6*
Form of Dell Technologies Inc. Deferred Cash Award Agreement (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.26 to 
the Company’s Annual Report on Form 10-K for the fiscal year ended February 3, 2017) (Commission File No. 
001-37867).
10.7
Amended and Restated Master Transaction Agreement among EMC Corporation, Dell Technologies Inc. and 
VMware, Inc. dated January 9, 2018 (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.1 to VMware, Inc.’s Annual Report 
on Form 10-K for the fiscal year ended February 2, 2018) (Commission File No. 001-33622).
10.8*
Form of Indemnification Agreement between the Company and certain members of its Board of Directors 
(incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.1 to the Company’s Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q for the quarter 
ended October 28, 2022) (Commission File No. 001-37867).
10.9*
Form of Indemnification Agreement between EMC Corporation and each of Jeremy Burton, Howard D. Elias 
and David I. Goulden (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.39 to the Company’s Annual Report on Form 10-
K for the fiscal year ended February 3, 2017) (Commission File No. 001-37867).
10.10*
Form of Indemnification Agreement between Dell Technologies Inc. and certain of its executive officers 
(incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.40 to the Company’s Annual Report on Form 10-K for the fiscal year 
ended February 3, 2017) (Commission File No. 001-37867).
10.11*
Form of EMC Corporation Deferred Compensation Retirement Plan, as amended and restated, effective as of 
January 1, 2016 (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.41 to the Company’s Annual Report on Form 10-K for 
the fiscal year ended February 3, 2017) (Commission File No. 001-37867).
10.12*
Form of Dell Deferred Compensation Plan, effective as of January 1, 2017 (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 
10.42 to the Company’s Annual Report on Form 10-K for the fiscal year ended February 3, 2017) (Commission 
File No. 001-37867).
10.13*
Form of Protection of Sensitive Information, Noncompetition and Nonsolicitation Agreement between Dell Inc. 
and each of Howard D. Elias and William F. Scannell (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.47 to the 
Company’s Annual Report on Form 10-K for the fiscal year ended February 2, 2018) (Commission File No. 
001-37867).
10.14*
Offer Letter to William F. Scannell, dated August 12, 2016 (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.51 to the 
Company’s Annual Report on Form 10-K for the fiscal year ended February 2, 2018) (Commission File No. 
001-37867).
10.15*
Form of Amended and Restated Stock Option Agreement-Performance Vesting Option for grants to executive 
officers under the Dell Technologies Inc. 2013 Stock Incentive Plan (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.10 
to Amendment No. 2 to the Company’s Registration Statement on Form S-4 filed with the Commission on 
October 4, 2018) (Registration No. 333-226618).
10.16*
Form of Amended and Restated Stock Option Agreement-Performance Vesting Option for grants to employees 
under the Dell Technologies Inc. 2013 Stock Incentive Plan (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.11 to 
Amendment No. 2 to the Company’s Registration Statement on Form S-4 filed with the Commission on October 
4, 2018) (Registration No. 333-226618).
10.17*
Form of Amended and Restated Stock Option Agreement-Time Vesting Option for grants to executive officers 
under the Dell Technologies Inc. 2013 Stock Incentive Plan (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.12 to 
Amendment No. 2 to the Company’s Registration Statement on Form S-4 filed with the Commission on October 
4, 2018) (Registration No. 333-226618).
10.18*
Form of Amended and Restated Stock Option Agreement-Time Vesting Option for grants to employees under 
the Dell Technologies Inc. 2013 Stock Incentive Plan (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.13 to Amendment 
No. 2 to the Company’s Registration Statement on Form S-4 filed with the Commission on October 4, 2018) 
(Registration No. 333-226618).
10.19*
Form of Amended and Restated Dell Performance Award Agreement for grants to executive officers under the 
Dell Technologies Inc. 2013 Stock Incentive Plan (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.14 to Amendment No. 
2 to the Company’s Registration Statement on Form S-4 filed with the Commission on October 4, 2018) 
(Registration No. 333-226618).
10.20*
Form of Amended and Restated Dell Performance Award Agreement for grants to employees under the Dell 
Technologies Inc. 2013 Stock Incentive Plan (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.15 to Amendment No. 2 to 
the Company’s Registration Statement on Form S-4 filed with the Commission on October 4, 2018) (Registration 
No. 333-226618).
10.21*
Form of Amended and Restated Dell Time Award Agreement for grants to executive officers under the Dell 
Technologies Inc. 2013 Stock Incentive Plan (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.16 to Amendment No. 2 to 
the Company’s Registration Statement on Form S-4 filed with the Commission on October 4, 2018) (Registration 
No. 333-226618).
160

10.22*
Form of Amended and Restated Dell Time Award Agreement for grants to employees under the Dell 
Technologies Inc. 2013 Stock Incentive Plan (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.17 to Amendment No. 2 to 
the Company’s Registration Statement on Form S-4 filed with the Commission on October 4, 2018) (Registration 
No. 333-226618).
10.23*
Form of Amended and Restated Dell Deferred Time Award Agreement for Non-Employee Directors under the 
Dell Technologies Inc. 2013 Stock Incentive Plan (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.18 to Amendment No. 
2 to the Company’s Registration Statement on Form S-4 filed with the Commission on October 4, 2018) 
(Registration No. 333-226618).
10.24*
Form of Amended and Restated Stock Option Agreement for Non-Employee Directors (Annual Grant) under the 
Dell Technologies Inc. 2013 Stock Incentive Plan (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.19 to Amendment No. 
2 to the Company’s Registration Statement on Form S-4 filed with the Commission on October 4, 2018) 
(Registration No. 333-226618).
10.25*
Form of Stock Option Agreement for Non-Employee Directors (Sign-On Grant) under the Dell Technologies Inc. 
2013 Stock Incentive Plan (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.20 to Amendment No. 2 to the Company’s 
Registration Statement on Form S-4 filed with the Commission on October 4, 2018) (Registration No. 
333-226618).
10.26*
Form of Amended and Restated Stock Option Agreement for grants to executive officers (Rollover Option) 
under the Dell Technologies Inc. 2013 Stock Incentive Plan (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.21 to 
Amendment No. 2 to the Company’s Registration Statement on Form S-4 filed with the Commission on October 
4, 2018) (Registration No. 333-226618).
10.27*
Dell Technologies Inc. 2013 Stock Incentive Plan (as amended and restated as of July 9, 2019) (incorporated by 
reference to Exhibit 10.1 to the Company’s Current Report on Form 8-K filed with the Commission on July 11, 
2019) (Commission File No. 001-37867).
10.28*
Amended and Restated Compensation Program for Independent Non-Employee Directors (incorporated by 
reference to Exhibit 10.3 to the Company’s Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q for the quarterly period ended 
August 4, 2023) (Commission File No. 001-37867).
10.29
Letter Agreement, dated as of July 1, 2018, between the Company and VMware, Inc. (incorporated by reference 
to Exhibit 10.2 to the Company’s Current Report on Form 8-K filed with the Commission on July 2, 2018) 
(Commission File No. 001-37867).
10.30
Waiver, dated as of November 14, 2018, among the Company and VMware, Inc. (incorporated by reference to 
Exhibit 10.6 to the Company’s Current Report on Form 8-K/A filed with the Commission on November 15, 
2018) (Commission File No. 001-37867).
10.31
MD Stockholders Agreement, dated as of December 25, 2018, by and among the Company, Denali Intermediate 
Inc., Dell Inc., EMC Corporation, Denali Finance Corp., Dell International L.L.C., Michael S. Dell and the Susan 
Lieberman Dell Separate Property Trust (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.1 to the Company’s Current 
Report on Form 8-K filed with the Commission on December 28, 2018) (Commission File No. 001-37867).
10.32
SLP Stockholders Agreement, dated as of December 25, 2018, by and among the Company, Denali Intermediate 
Inc., Dell Inc., EMC Corporation, Denali Finance Corp., Dell International L.L.C., Silver Lake Partners III, L.P., 
Silver Lake Technology Investors III, L.P., Silver Lake Partners IV, L.P., Silver Lake Technology Investors IV, 
L.P. and SLP Denali Co-Invest, L.P. and the other stockholders named therein (incorporated by reference to 
Exhibit 10.2 to the Company’s Current Report on Form 8-K filed with the Commission on December 28, 2018) 
(Commission File No. 001-37867).
10.33
Second Amended and Restated Management Stockholders Agreement, dated as of December 25, 2018, by and 
among the Company, Michael S. Dell, Susan Lieberman Dell Separate Property Trust, Silver Lake Partners III, 
L.P., Silver Lake Technology Investors III, L.P., Silver Lake Partners IV, L.P., Silver Lake Technology Investors 
IV, L.P., SLP Denali Co-Invest, L.P. and the Management Stockholders (as defined therein) (incorporated by 
reference to Exhibit 10.5 to the Company’s Current Report on Form 8-K filed with the Commission on 
December 28, 2018) (Commission File No. 001-37867).
10.34
Amended and Restated Class C Stockholders Agreement, dated as of December 25, 2018, by and among the 
Company, Michael S. Dell, Susan Lieberman Dell Separate Property Trust, Silver Lake Partners III, L.P., Silver 
Lake Partners IV, L.P., Silver Lake Technology Investors III, L.P., Silver Lake Technology Investors IV, L.P., 
SLP Denali Co-Invest, L.P. and Venezio Investments Pte. Ltd. (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.6 to the 
Company’s Current Report on Form 8-K filed with the Commission on December 28, 2018) (Commission File 
No. 001-37867).
10.35
Second Amended and Restated Class A Stockholders Agreement, dated as of December 25, 2018, by and among 
the Company, Michael S. Dell, Susan Lieberman Dell Separate Property Trust, Silver Lake Partners III, L.P., 
Silver Lake Partners IV, L.P., Silver Lake Technology Investors III, L.P., Silver Lake Technology Investors IV, 
L.P., SLP Denali Co-Invest, L.P. and the New Class A Stockholders party thereto (incorporated by reference to 
Exhibit 10.7 to the Company’s Current Report on Form 8-K filed with the Commission on December 28, 2018) 
(Commission File No. 001-37867).
161

10.36*
Form of Restricted Stock Unit Agreement under the Dell Technologies Inc. 2013 Stock Incentive Plan 
(incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.1 to the Company’s Current Report on Form 8-K filed with the 
Commission on March 19, 2019) (Commission File No. 001-37867).
10.37*
Form of Performance-Based Restricted Stock Unit Agreement under the Dell Technologies Inc. 2013 Stock 
Incentive Plan (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.2 to the Company’s Current Report on Form 8-K filed 
with the Commission on March 19, 2019) (Commission File No. 001-37867). 
10.38
Commercial Framework Agreement, dated as of November 1, 2021, by and between Dell Technologies Inc. and 
VMware, Inc. (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.1 to the Company’s Current Report on Form 8-K filed 
with the Commission on November 1, 2021) (Commission File No. 001-37867).
10.39*
Dell Technologies Inc. Restricted Stock Unit Agreement with Anthony Charles Whitten (incorporated by 
reference to Exhibit 10.45 to the Company’s Annual Report on Form 10-K for the fiscal year ended February 3, 
2023) (Commission File No. 001-37867).
10.40
Credit Agreement, dated as of November 1, 2021, among Dell Technologies Inc., Denali Intermediate Inc., Dell 
Inc., Dell International L.L.C., as a borrower, EMC Corporation, as a borrower, JPMorgan Chase Bank, N.A., as 
administrative agent, and each of the lenders and other parties from time to time party thereto (incorporated by 
reference to Exhibit 10.2 to the Company’s Current Report on Form 8-K filed with the Commission on 
November 1, 2021) (Commission File No. 001-37867).
10.41
First Amendment to the Credit Agreement, dated as of February 8, 2022, among Dell Technologies Inc., Denali 
Intermediate Inc., Dell Inc., Dell International L.L.C., as a borrower, EMC Corporation, as a borrower, 
JPMorgan Chase Bank, N.A., as administrative agent, and each of the lenders and other parties from time to time 
party thereto (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.47 to the Company’s Annual Report on Form 10-K for the 
fiscal year ended February 3, 2023) (Commission File No. 001-37867).
10.42
Second Amendment to the Credit Agreement, dated as of November 10, 2022, among Dell Technologies Inc., 
Denali Intermediate Inc., Dell Inc., Dell International L.L.C., as a borrower, EMC Corporation, as a borrower, 
JPMorgan Chase Bank, N.A., as administrative agent, and each of the lenders and other parties from time to time 
party thereto (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.48 to the Company’s Annual Report on Form 10-K for the 
fiscal year ended February 3, 2023) (Commission File No. 001-37867).
10.43*
Dell Technologies Inc. 2023 Stock Incentive Plan (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.1 to the Company’s 
Current Report on Form 8-K filed with the Commission on June 22, 2023) (Commission File No. 001-37867).
10.44*†
Form of Time-Based Restricted Stock Unit Agreement under the Dell Technologies Inc. 2023 Stock Incentive 
Plan.
10.45*†
Form of Performance-Based Restricted Stock Unit Agreement under the Dell Technologies Inc. 2023 Stock 
Incentive Plan.
10.46*
Form of Deferred Stock Unit Agreement under the Dell Technologies Inc. 2023 Stock Incentive Plan 
(incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.6 to the Company’s Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q for the quarterly 
period ended August 4, 2023) (Commission File No. 001-37867).
10.47*
Separation Agreement and Release, dated July 27, 2023, between the Company and Anthony Charles Whitten 
(incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.2 to the Company’s Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q for the quarterly 
period ended August 4, 2023) (Commission File No. 001-37867).
21.1†
Subsidiaries of Dell Technologies Inc
22.1†
List of Guarantor Subsidiaries and Issuers of Guaranteed Securities
23.1†
Consent of PricewaterhouseCoopers LLP, independent registered public accounting firm of Dell Technologies 
Inc.
31.1†
Certification of Michael S. Dell, Chairman and Chief Executive Officer, pursuant to Rule 13a-14(a) or Rule 
15d-14(a) under the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as adopted pursuant to Section 302 of the Sarbanes-Oxley 
Act of 2002.
31.2†
Certification of Yvonne McGill, Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer, pursuant to Rule 
13a-14(a) or Rule 15d-14(a) under the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as adopted pursuant to Section 302 of 
the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002.
32.1††
Certifications of Michael S. Dell, Chairman and Chief Executive Officer, and Yvonne McGill, Executive Vice 
President and Chief Financial Officer, pursuant to Rule 13a-14(b) or Rule 15d-14(b) under the Securities 
Exchange Act of 1934 and 18 U.S.C. Section 1350, as adopted pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley 
Act of 2002.
97†
Dell Technologies Inc. Incentive-Based Compensation Recovery Policy effective September 28, 2023.
101 .INS†
XBRL Instance Document - the instance document does not appear in the Interactive Data File because its XBRL 
tags are embedded within the Inline XBRL document.
101 .SCH†
Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension Schema Document.
101 .CAL†
†
Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension Calculation Linkbase Document.
101 .DEF†
Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension Definition Linkbase Document.
162

101 .LAB†
Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension Label Linkbase Document.
101 .PRE†
Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension Presentation Linkbase Document.
104 Cover Page Interactive Data File - the cover page XBRL tags are embedded within the Inline XBRL document 
(included in Exhibit 101).
*
Management contracts or compensation plans or arrangements in which directors or executive officers 
participate.
†
Filed with this report.
††
Furnished with this report.
Pursuant to Item 601(b)(4)(iii) of Regulation S-K, copies of certain instruments defining the rights of holders of 
certain long-term debt of the Company and its subsidiaries are not filed.  The Company agrees to furnish to the 
Securities and Exchange Commission, upon request, a copy of each instrument with respect to issuances of such 
long-term debt.
ITEM 16 — FORM 10-K SUMMARY
None.
163

SIGNATURES
Pursuant to the requirements of Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, the registrant has duly caused this 
report to be signed on its behalf by the undersigned, thereunto duly authorized.
 
DELL TECHNOLOGIES INC.
 
By:
/s/ MICHAEL S. DELL
Michael S. Dell
Chairman and Chief Executive Officer
(Duly Authorized Officer)
Date: March 25, 2024 
164

Pursuant to the requirements of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, this report has been signed below by the following 
persons on behalf of the registrant and in the capacities indicated as of March 25, 2024:
Signature
Title
/s/ MICHAEL S. DELL
Chairman and Chief Executive Officer
Michael S. Dell
(principal executive officer)
/s/  DAVID W. DORMAN
Director
David W. Dorman
/s/ EGON DURBAN
Director
Egon Durban
/s/  DAVID GRAIN
Director
David Grain
/s/  WILLIAM D. GREEN
Director
William D. Green
/s/ ELLEN J. KULLMAN
Director
Ellen J. Kullman
/s/ STEVE M. MOLLENKOPF
Director
Steve M. Mollenkopf
/s/ LYNN VOJVODICH RADAKOVICH
Director
Lynn Vojvodich Radakovich
/s/ YVONNE MCGILL
Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer 
Yvonne McGill
(principal financial officer)
/s/ BRUNILDA RIOS
Senior Vice President, Corporate Finance and
Brunilda Rios
Chief Accounting Officer
(principal accounting officer)
165

