 
 
 
 
STATEMENT AGAINST SLAVERY AND HUMAN TRAFFICKING 
 
 
Dell Technologies Inc., on behalf of itself, Dell Inc. and its direct or indirect subsidiaries (“Dell”), is 
committed to social and environmental responsibility. As part of its commitment, Dell prohibits slavery and 
human trafficking in our operations and supply chain and works to minimize any associated risks. 
Irrespective of the circumstances, we will not tolerate forced, bonded (including debt bondage) or 
indentured labor, involuntary prison labor, slavery, or trafficking of persons in any of our own business 
operations or by any of Dell’s suppliers, our supplier’s suppliers (collectively, “Suppliers”), or for any other 
purpose. Dell is a founding member of the Responsible Business Alliance (RBA), formerly known as the 
Electronics Industry Citizenship Coalition (EICC) and has adopted its Code of Conduct (the "RBA Code"), 
to which we hold ourselves and our supply chain accountable. The RBA Code prohibits the use of forced, 
bonded (including debt bondage) or indentured labor, involuntary prison labor, slavery, or trafficking of 
persons. The RBA Code, amongst other Dell policies, is incorporated into Dell’s Supplier Principles, to 
which all Suppliers are expected to agree as a condition of doing business with Dell. Dell considers each 
Supplier's conduct vis-a-vis the RBA Code and Supplier’s adherence to Dell’s Supplier Principles when 
awarding and/or renewing business with the Supplier. Dell adheres to the RBA Code and requires its 
Suppliers to adhere to Dell’s Supplier Principles, with the understanding that the obligations imposed may 
be more onerous than under applicable local law. 
 
This Statement is made pursuant to the requirements of the California Transparency in Supply Chains Act 
of 2010, section 54(1) of the U.K. Modern Slavery Act of 2015, and Part 2 of the Australian Modern 
Slavery Act of 2018, and constitutes Dell's slavery and human trafficking statement for the financial year 
ending February 3, 2023 (and for the financial year ending 31 January 2023 in respect of the Australian 
Reporting Entities and Dell Bank International Designated Activity Company). For the purposes of Part 2 
of the Australian Modern Slavery Act 2018, this Statement is made on behalf of the applicable reporting 
entities, Dell Australia Pty Limited ABN 46 003 855 561 and EMC Global Holdings Company ABN 86 699 
010 685 (Australian Reporting Entities). The corporate structure of the Australian Reporting Entities is set 
out in Annexure A of this Statement along with Australian specific details required under Australian law. 
 
For the purposes of section 54(1) of the U.K. Modern Slavery Act 2015, this statement is made on behalf 
of reporting entities Dell Corporation Limited (UK company number 02081369), Dell Emerging Markets 
(EMEA) Limited (UK company number 03266654), Dell Products Unlimited Company (Irish company 
number 191034), EMC Information Systems International Unlimited Company (Irish company number 
461022), EMC Europe Limited (UK company number 00990752), Virtustream Ireland Limited (Irish 
company number 433356) and Dell Bank International d.a.c. (Irish company number 502362). 
 
Christopher A. Garcia signs this Statement as Assistant Secretary and Senior Vice President on behalf of 
Dell Inc. and its wholly owned subsidiaries, and in his capacity as Director or authorized representative of 
the above-named legal entities. 
 
Structure, operations, and supply chains 
 
Dell Technologies is one of the largest information technology (IT) providers in the world. Our technology 
and services portfolio spans both traditional infrastructure and multicloud technologies. We design, 
develop, manufacture, market, sell, and support a wide range of comprehensive and integrated solutions, 
products and services. 

 
 
Dell is a corporation incorporated in the state of Delaware with principal executive offices in Round Rock, 
Texas. A complete list of Dell’s subsidiaries worldwide as of the end of its most recently completed fiscal 
year can be found at Exhibit 21.1 of the Dell Technologies 10K, filed with the US Securities and 
Exchange Commission on March 30, 2023. 
 
We have operations and conduct business in the Americas, Europe, the Middle East, Asia, and other 
geographic regions. As reported in our most recent 10K, Dell employs approximately 133,000 people 
worldwide. We also manage responsible business practices in one of the world’s largest supply chains. 
Our own manufacturing facilities are located in the United States, Malaysia, China, Brazil, India, Poland, 
and Ireland. We also use contract manufacturers throughout the world to manufacture or assemble our 
products under the Dell Technologies brand. Components used in these manufacturing facilities are 
sourced primarily from the same locations listed above, and from Japan, South Korea, Mexico, Taiwan, 
Singapore, Philippines, Thailand, Laos, Germany, Netherlands, Israel, Vietnam, and Indonesia. 
 
Our primary focus in due diligence within our supply chain is on our suppliers of direct materials, as it 
represents our largest spend category. Dell’s Public Supplier List identifies the category type and 
location of our original design manufacturers (ODMs) and final assembly Suppliers. This list represents 
a snapshot covering at least 95% of Dell’s direct material spend during fiscal year 2022. Our second 
largest spend category includes products and services procured in-country or regionally for customer- 
facing services, followed by marketing, and global real estate and facilities, respectively. 
 
Identify and assess the risk of modern slavery 
 
Given the multi-faceted global legal landscape and corresponding labor market fluctuations, the 
technology sector’s biggest risk of modern slavery and human trafficking comes from the use of foreign 
migrant workers (FMWs). Our efforts to verify, assess, and audit internal risks are described below. Dell’s 
efforts also extend to Dell’s Suppliers, that may not have sufficient controls in place to fully identify, 
prevent, correct, or remediate risks of forced labor. To that end, Dell collaborates with industry peers 
through the Responsible Labor Initiative (RLI, an RBA sub-group initiative) to address identified forced labor 
risks in the supply chain, drive Supplier accountability, and implement corrective measures. 
 
Dell uses raw materials, including minerals, in its products. For example, gold is used in circuit boards, 
and tantalum is used in capacitors. Some of these minerals are mined in conflict-affected and high-risk 
areas. While we do not purchase minerals directly from mines, smelters, or refiners, our responsible 
sourcing requirements extend throughout our entire supply chain. 
 
Dell prioritizes the identification and assurance of smelters or refiners (SORs) used to process material 
supplied by mines or mineral agents. This includes an independent, third-party assessment of 
management systems and sourcing practices to validate conformance with the Responsible Minerals 
Assurance Process (RMAP). To track conformance rates, we require Suppliers that use 3TG (tin, 
tungsten, tantalum, and gold — known as 3TG) and/or cobalt to complete the Conflict Minerals Reporting 
Template or the Cobalt Reporting Template to report on SORs within their own supply chains. 
 
Given the many supply chain tiers involved and the size of smelting and refining operations, multiple 
suppliers will likely include some of the same SORs in their reporting. We collaborate with Suppliers to 
strengthen their capabilities and help them to remediate issues with SORs that may not be participating in 
any industry-recognized third-party assurance program to achieve conformance. If conformance cannot 
be achieved, Dell requires the Supplier to take immediate steps to remove non-conformant Suppliers and 
SORs. More information is available in the Dell Technologies Conflict Minerals Disclosure Report. 

 
 
As previously noted, the biggest risk of forced labor [based on both our own audits as well as industry 
data from the RBA and several nongovernmental organizations (NGOs)] would include any area or type 
of Supplier that uses FMWs. In addition to substandard labor conditions, FMWs may be vulnerable to high 
fees at different points during their journey as a potential worker, ranging from home and/or receiving 
country labor agents, to travel, visa, or health check fees. FMWs may not be in a position to fully 
understand or consent to the adverse conditions of work opportunities prior to leaving their home country. 
For example, Dell has encountered, investigated, and mitigated risks to FMWs in situations involving 
Onsite Service Providers (OSPs) and in locations where worker fees might be culturally accepted. 
 
Dell’s assurance practices are risk-informed, with high-risk circumstances and actions to avoid or mitigate 
salient risks such as modern slavery being highly prioritized. Dell's audit and capability building programs 
specifically target areas of known, or with the highest potential of, forced labor risk. Dell's risk assessment 
method incorporates the resources of Dell’s internal audit activity, international governments, and NGO 
information to assign each country a risk score which is heavily weighted by forced labor risks, including 
for FMWs. The risk scores inform our audit programs, such that we focus resources in locations where 
we have seen higher risk. For locations that are lower risk and for which we have not seen high risk in their 
in-country or regional supply chains, such as Western Europe, USA or Australia, we do not divert resources 
from higher risk locations. Dell takes a balanced approach by responding to new risk information with audits 
as needed for lower risk locations. The risk assessment is completed annually. As country risk levels 
change, so does Dell’s audit and capability programing to adapt to shifting risks. 
 
Dell has published policies to define our commitment to international labor and human rights standards. 
These principles reinforce and strengthen our commitment to the rights of our employees, workers in our 
supply chain, and workers in the global community. Our policies, including the Dell Human Rights Policy, 
and other policies and principles referenced in this statement are available online on our Supply Chain 
Responsible Labor and ESG Policies, Positions & Guidelines pages. 
 
The Supply Chain Assurance organization within Dell's Global Operations organization has a Social and 
Environmental Responsibility (SER) function that deploys programmatic and operational teams and 
drives social and environmental standards across the supply chain, including those related to forced 
labor. These teams work across Global Operations with procurement and manufacturing organizations 
and include specialists dedicated to monitoring and training Suppliers. The SER function aligns with 
internal Dell stakeholders in each applicable Dell group entity to engage for the purposes of preparing 
this Statement. Representatives from each of the group entities (including the reporting entities) 
participate in working group meetings and/or receive regular/periodic briefings from the SER function. A 
working group is operational to consult Dell group entities to ensure country-specific risks have been 
appropriately identified, assessed, and addressed and that the group entities are aware of the actions 
needed to be taken to mitigate and eliminate the risks. Specifically, input is sought and considered prior 
to the annual refresh of this Statement to ensure all group entity requirements are clearly stated. 
 
For more information on our work to remediate forced labor risks with our Suppliers, please review the 
Supply Chain section of our annual Environmental, Social and Governance (ESG) Report. 
 
Actions taken to address risks of modern slavery 
 
Dell focuses on the following key criteria to ensure and verify the absence of forced labor, slavery, and 
human trafficking of any kind within our direct materials supply chain. We have similarly implemented 
initiatives for suppliers in key parts of Dell's indirect supply chain, including workers employed by Suppliers 
known as Onsite Service Providers (OSPs) that provide a range of services, which include but are not 
limited to janitorial, security, or food and cafeteria management services. 

 
 
1. 
VERIFICATION AND RISK ASSESSMENT: Dell’s risk-based approach means that the highest 
risk locations and Supplier types will be in scope for all parts of our programs (risk assessment, audits, 
corrective actions, capability building, and accountability measures like quarterly business reviews), while 
lower risk locations may not be audited or be in capability building programs. Even if a country represents 
low risk, Dell will adjust its audit plans if new information related to risk of forced labor is found either 
through Dell's own due diligence or from other credible stakeholder insights. Dell conducts an annual 
internal assessment of supply chain risk based on the commodity produced and independent research that 
identifies labor risks associated with geographic locations, spend, past performance, and other targeted 
risk factors. This risk assessment incorporates data on human trafficking incidence from sources including, 
but not limited to, the U.S. State Department's annual "Trafficking in Persons Report”, The Global Slavery 
Index, and the U.S. Department of Labor’s Bureau of International Labor Affairs. Our risk assessment 
further considers local risk factors, including human rights risk, country governance, and accountability. 
 
2. 
AUDITS: Suppliers are selected for on-site audits based on risk. We target to have third- 
party audits at all high-risk Supplier sites every two years. Typically, all audits are completed on-site. 
However, due to ongoing COVID-19 impact, in FY23 we conducted remote audits in some 
circumstances, as allowed by RBA guidance. This temporary process initiated for remote audits 
during the pandemic enabled us to adhere to recommended COVID-19 containment measures while 
protecting the health and safety of the people in our supply chain, assuring the responsible 
manufacturing of our products, and meeting customer demands. 
 
As part of the audit process, auditors review documents, observe daily work practices, and interview 
Supplier management, workers, and contractors independently to assess the implementation of the 
SER standards in the RBA Code. In FY23, auditors conducted 14,711 confidential feedback 
interviews as part of the audit process. 
 
Our audits are completed by RBA-certified third-party entities to ensure full RBA Code coverage and 
consistency of interpretation of requirements. Auditors are qualified by the RBA based upon a 
combination of RBA-specific training, specific relevant industry training (i.e., for certain health/safety 
or environmental disciplines), and minimum threshold levels of field experience under certified RBA 
lead auditors. Auditors, including those involved in unannounced investigations, monitor Suppliers' 
adherence to over 40 provisions covered by the RBA Code, including an assessment of Suppliers' 
policies and practices addressing human trafficking risks and controls. Auditors also assess Supplier 
management and oversight of their own Suppliers, with a particular emphasis on labor brokers or 
recruiters. Auditors are re-certified to ensure up-to-date skills and interpretations. Auditors are trained 
on RBA Code requirements concerning confidentiality, as well as worker interview skills, particularly 
for forced labor or other labor issues that workers may be reticent to discuss. 
 
Importantly, site audits are conducted in areas where workers’ freedom of movement may be restricted or 
constrained, such as Suppliers' dormitories, canteens, storage, and common areas. Access to these 
areas may facilitate the identification of specific risks or instances of modern slavery if the audit reveals 
workers are being denied freedom of movement, are housed in inadequate or substandard housing, or 
are being charged unreasonable fees for food and housing – these are known indicators that modern 
slavery practices may exist. 
 
Auditors review documents related to the labor provisions of the RBA Code (including working hours, pay 
slips with wages, benefits, and deductions) and conduct interviews with both management and the 
workers to assess conformance to the RBA Code of Conduct. Auditor interviews of workers are key, for 
example, in identifying expenses or deductions in factory pay slips, which may not reflect the use of a 
labor recruiter involved in the hiring process. Auditor interviews are an important assurance step; it is 
critical to ensure workers can provide information safely and confidentially before, during, or after an audit. 
Workers selected for interviews during onsite audits are also given a communication card with access to 

 
 
Dell’s or RBA’s (for audits of a Supplier shared with other RBA members) helpline to provide anonymous 
feedback outside the factory and outside the audit process, if they prefer. 
 
While helpline usage related to an audit is a critical verification for the audit, Dell’s third-party operated 
supply chain grievance mechanism can be used for any concerns that arise outside the two-year audit 
cycle. Any issues that meet the defined RBA Code criteria are escalated through established procedures 
to ensure issues are promptly addressed along with the determination of the root cause. 
 
This third-party operated mechanism targeted at Suppliers is in addition to Dell Technologies Ethics 
Helpline options globally available for anyone, including team members, partners, Suppliers, or their 
employees, or any other internal or external stakeholder to report concerns or issues they believe may 
violate Dell’s Code of Conduct, Dell’s Human Rights Policy, or any other related Dell policies or 
standards. Dell will promptly investigate allegations and take appropriate action, where necessary, to 
mitigate actual or potential adverse human rights impacts. Dell does not tolerate retaliation against 
anyone acting in good faith to report a concern, provide information, or otherwise assist in an 
investigation or proceeding regardless of the helpline a worker chooses to use. 
 
Any allegations of modern slavery or modern slavery risks received through these mechanisms are fully 
investigated immediately by Dell. Methods to research allegations include unannounced visits by our 
social and environmental responsibility (SER) specialists and/or third-party auditors. Depending on the 
nature of any findings, SER specialists work with Suppliers to develop corrective action plans to address 
modern slavery risks and/or remediate instances of modern slavery. In cases of severe (priority and/or 
major) findings, Suppliers may be required to complete a third-party closure audit to resolve the issue. 
 
In FY23, 100% of our audited suppliers also had helpline mechanisms in place. This is a requirement for 
RBA Code compliance to enable suppliers to receive worker feedback and create processes to directly 
address and/or improve issues outside of an audit, including but not limited to forced labor. 
 
All workers within our supply chain fall within the scope of Dell’s assurance procedures, including those 
migrating for work. Dell's SER initiatives apply to workers in final assembly, direct, and sub-tier suppliers 
regardless of their form of employment. Whether a worker is directly hired or is in an indirect, contract, 
dispatch, or temporary employment relationship, the labor protections apply. 
 
We use audits to supplement our Supplier Engagement, Capability Building, and Assessment program 
and internal tracking mechanisms to monitor Suppliers' performance to our requirements. These audits 
are part of our overall strategy to responsibly manage our supply chain, identify risks, and interact with 
workers. We select Supplier sites for audits based on the risk assessment described above. Audit 
findings that indicate potential risks of forced labor or human trafficking are immediately addressed and 
tracked until closed. 
 
Where recruitment fees either to the Supplier or a labor broker have been used, we work with Suppliers to 
return recruitment fees and pay direct remedies to affected workers. Additional details on these programs 
and statistics for the last reporting year are available in the Supply Chain section of our annual ESG 
Report. 
 
3. 
SUPPLIER CERTIFICATION: Compliance with Dell's Supplier Principles, which includes the 
Dell Vulnerable Worker Policy, is a contractual obligation for Suppliers. These Principles include 
requirements to directly address risks of forced labor and human trafficking. Compliance with these 
requirements is evaluated through the mechanisms referenced above. Suppliers are required to conduct 
a root cause analysis and develop a plan to address issues found during an audit within RBA-specified 
timelines, including findings associated with forced labor conditions. 

 
 
Dell develops corrective action plan (CAP) toolkits that provide resources to help Suppliers address audit 
findings in relation to labor and ethics risk (including forced labor) and enhance Dell's review of CAPs 
developed by Suppliers. These CAP toolkits help Suppliers address modern slavery risks, particularly in 
locations that are heavily reliant on internal country migrants and foreign migrant workers who frequently 
work through labor agents. Suppliers need to understand their responsibility to effectively manage 
agents as well as bear the full cost of the recruitment process (i.e., at no point to have recruitment fees 
for workers). Suppliers cannot delegate the ownership and responsibility of implementing the 'no 
recruitment fees' policy to labor agents, even as individual tasks are delegated. 
 
This applies for the full journey of the worker from home country to final factory. If employees are found to 
have been paying recruitment fees to their employer or a third-party labor broker, Dell will work with 
Suppliers to repay the workers. 
 
Progress in addressing these issues is regularly reported across Dell's procurement organization through 
monthly reports, executive visibility, and quarterly business reviews with Suppliers. Closure audits are 
conducted to confirm priority and major findings have been resolved. Dell reserves the right to take any 
and all available actions against Suppliers for violations of Dell’s Vulnerable Worker Policy, including 
without limitation the reduction of business, frequent required onsite compliance auditing at Supplier's 
expense (including but not limited to dormitories, canteens, storage, and common areas), employee 
compensation at Supplier's expense, and/or termination of Dell's contract with the Supplier. 
 
4. 
INTERNAL ACCOUNTABILITY: Internal accountability standards and procedures help confirm 
that workers and Suppliers meet Dell’s supply chain standards. Supplier accountability occurs through 
mechanisms ranging from audit corrective action procedures (see "AUDITS," above) to Dell executive 
review of Supplier performance and quarterly business reviews to ensure alignment and timely action. 
Typically, this occurs during Suppliers’ quarterly business reviews, which are attended by key executives 
to help determine future business awards, Supplier resources and policy, as well as to address progress 
toward aligned goals. Alternatively, meetings may be accelerated depending on the type of finding. Dell 
maintains an internal tracking system of RBA audit findings that allows for monitoring and regular 
reporting on open issues and due dates. Commodity teams are measured during their quarterly and 
annual performance scorecards with the audit performance and closure status of RBA audit issues for 
Suppliers they manage. Procurement executives receive monthly reports on Suppliers with any audit 
findings that suggest risks of forced labor and human trafficking and hold Suppliers accountable to 
address the risks. Where there is a 'priority' or 'major' Supplier audit finding in relation to forced labor or 
child labor, this issue is escalated for review at an executive level prior to the QBR cycle to ensure timely 
review by executives. 
 
Dell’s SER team works with Suppliers to determine root causes, provide targeted capability-building, and 
monitor corrective action plans to closure. We also believe some human rights risks and issues can be 
addressed most effectively by working in partnership with others. In addition to our standard procedures, 
where we believe it may accelerate and improve outcomes for affected stakeholders, Dell may 
collaborate with other RBA members or NGOs, or other stakeholders, in accordance with applicable 
Competition law. 
 
The timeliness and completeness of the corrective action plans are measured by the Suppliers’ 
quarterly business reviews to ensure alignment and timely actions. For more details on how 
accountability is built into our work with Suppliers, see the Supply Chain section of our annual ESG 
Report. 
 
5. 
TRAINING: Expectations to comply with laws and ethical business practices, including 
respecting the fundamental human rights of others, are embedded in Dell’s culture and policies, and 

 
 
clearly set out in the Dell Technologies Code of Conduct (Code). Dell Technologies team members are 
required to complete annual Code training and adhere to our Code and standards, including adherence to 
the RBA Code, which sets out required protections against forced, bonded, or indentured labor, human 
trafficking and more. 
 
Dell conducts additional RBA Code training for supply chain management professionals and 
manufacturing operations teams. This training includes engagement with global commodity managers, as 
well as other key relationship owners, and is conducted through a variety of training approaches, from in- 
person, all-day workshops to online modules. Identification and prevention of human trafficking is a key 
part of the training. Dell's Global Operations organization has responsibility for implementing and 
monitoring compliance to all the supply chain activities described above. Our focus on identifying even 
potential risks of slavery and human trafficking is part of a larger effort to encourage business integrity, 
ethical conduct, and supply chain transparency and accountability. 
 
In FY23, the reach of our capability building program, including forced labor and labor protections training, 
remained high: 
 
a. 1,763 unique participants attended our capability building training programs 
 
b. 441 unique Supplier factories were represented 
 
c. 11,991 hours of capability building training on social and environmental responsibility topics 
were completed 
 
d. 6,187 hours of online training 
 
e. 5,804 hours of in-person training sessions and webinars 
 
In addition, audit scores of Suppliers who have previously attended training are analyzed to improve or 
clarify training where needed. 
 
For additional information describing the structure of Dell's direct materials supply chain and our supply 
chain responsibility program, see the supply chain sections of Dell's sustainability reporting. For more 
information about our business, see the business description available in the Dell Technologies 10-K. 
 
6. 
EFFECTIVENESS: Dell measures and monitors the cumulative impact of its various programs 
and provides transparency into progress in its annual ESG Report. Ongoing analysis of related 
performance indicators helps inform our understanding of the effectiveness of initiatives such as Supplier 
training on labor rights and recruitment fees, utilization and impact of CAP toolkits directed at identifying 
and addressing labor rights risks, including forced labor, and more. 
 
These programs are also integrated into Supplier performance management and escalation processes 
such that the total impact is reflected in the audit score improvements or recruitment fees identified and 
returned to workers. 
 
Improvements in Supplier factory audit performance in FY23: 
 
• Overall: 73% of Supplier factories that went through at least their second audit cycle 
improved their audit scores between cycles 
 
• Final assembly Suppliers: 71% 

 
 
• Direct Suppliers: 73% 
 
• Sub-tier Suppliers: 73% 
High-performing Supplier factories: 
79% of factories are high-performing based on their audit scores (at least 180 out of 200 for final 
assembly factories or 160 out of 200 for other factory tiers and no priority findings) 
 
These mechanisms and indicators are closely monitored and tracked as part of our practices to ensure all 
Dell products, wherever manufactured or delivered to customers around the world, are made responsibly, 
without the use of any form of forced labor. 
 
 
Signature: 
 
 
 
 
 
Christopher A. Garcia 
Assistant Secretary & Senior Vice President 
Dell Inc. 
Last revision date: 29-JUNE-2023 

