DOMINION ENERGY’S 
HUMAN RIGHTS POLICY
INTRODUCTION
Dominion Energy provides safe, reliable, affordable, and sustainable energy to millions of customers in our 
service territories across the United States. Our core values of Safety, Ethics, Excellence, Embrace Change 
and One Dominion Energy guide our daily operations and support our long-term corporate strategy. 
Importantly, these values govern how we treat people, including our employees, customers, and members 
of our communities; they also inform our expectations of suppliers in our value chain.
OUR COMMITMENT TO HUMAN RIGHTS
Our core value of Ethics underlies Dominion Energy’s commitment to human rights. We believe that every 
person has a right to be treated with dignity and respect; to exercise autonomy and self-determination; to 
receive fair and equal treatment; and to work in a safe and supportive workplace regardless of individual 
attributes or membership in a demographic class. Across our operations and throughout our value chain, 
we are committed to a humane workplace free from discrimination, harassment, physical coercion, and any 
form of workplace violence. Our commitment to human rights is expressed in our compliance with labor 
laws; our nondiscrimination policies; our human resources policies, including those dictating procedural 
rights in personnel matters; and elsewhere. 
Dominion Energy is committed to respecting international human rights as identified in the United Nations’ 
Universal Declaration of Human Rights. We support the principles contained within the International Bill 
of Human Rights, the OECD Guidelines for Multinational Enterprises, the ILO Declaration on Fundamental 
Principles and Rights at Work, and the American Clean Power Pledge in Opposition to Forced Labor. In 
addition, we seek to establish relationships with entities that uphold our principles and values. We actively 
engage with the Electric Utility Industry Sustainable Supply Chain Alliance on best practices to promote 
an ethical and sustainable supply chain, and we were an early signatory to the Solar Energy Industry 
Association Forced Labor Prevention Pledge.
Our concern for human rights informs our approach to the Just Transition as Dominion Energy continues 
our decarbonization efforts, including the retirement of certain legacy generation facilities. We believe 

that each of our colleagues should have the opportunity, means, and training to obtain energy jobs of 
the future. To ensure that the economic opportunities of the clean energy transition are spread as widely 
as possible, Dominion Energy maintains partnerships with community and technical colleges to train 
workers in renewable energy occupations. Another part of the company’s Just Transition efforts involves 
philanthropic support to our communities affected by the clean energy transition, including those  
near coalfields.  
Dominion Energy periodically conducts with the assistance of a third-party a stakeholder assessment to 
better understand what aspects of sustainability our suppliers, customers, communities, employees, and 
other stakeholders value—and which ones they value most. The process involves detailed research and 
multiple rounds of direct engagement with both internal and external stakeholders, and the results are 
reviewed with members of the Dominion Energy leadership team. In the most recent assessment, which 
was conducted in early 2022, human rights was ranked among the highest priority sustainability-related 
issues by external stakeholders, including suppliers, customers, and communities.     
WORKFORCE
Dominion Energy seeks to foster an inclusive, innovative and productive work environment in which 
everyone feels accepted and respected. Leadership is responsible and accountable for oversight of 
workplace behaviors.
Dominion Energy’s Code of Ethics and Business Conduct outlines our commitments to our employees, 
including freedom from harassment, workplace safety and protection of personal information. It also 
mandates that under no circumstance should any employee, contractor or other agent or job applicant 
be treated less favorably because of race, color, ancestry, sex, gender, religion (including religious dress 
and grooming practices), national origin, age, actual or perceived physical or mental disability, medical 
condition, genetic information, sexual orientation, gender identity or expression, military or veteran status, 
marital status, status as a victim of domestic violence, or any other status protected by federal, state,  
and/or local laws.
SUPPLIERS
Dominion Energy expects all suppliers to share our commitment to ethics and compliance, including 
human rights. Our Supplier Code of Ethics and Business Conduct outlines our minimum expectations, 
including human labor practices, responsible sourcing, environmental compliance, sustainability, and 
the health and safety of suppliers and their employees. Dominion Energy expects our suppliers and 
their employees, agents, and subcontractors to review and comply with our Supplier Code of Ethics and 
Business Conduct. Noncompliance can result in termination of contracts or removal of a supplier from 
consideration for future business opportunities.
Under our Supplier Code of Ethics and Business Conduct, when working on behalf of Dominion Energy, 
suppliers have a responsibility to report any acts (verbal, physical, or visual) of harassment, intimidation, 
or coercion related to race, color, ancestry, sex, gender, religion (including religious dress and grooming 
practices), national origin, age, actual or perceived physical or mental disability, medical condition or 
status, genetic information, sexual orientation, gender identity or expression, military or veteran status, 
marital status, status as a victim of domestic violence, or any other classification protected by law.  
Additionally, Dominion Energy strictly forbids the use of or participation in the exploitation of workers,  
child labor, forced or involuntary labor, prison labor, or human trafficking.

CUSTOMERS AND COMMUNITIES
Dominion Energy strives to be a responsible corporate citizen and an exemplary environmental steward. 
Our legacy as a public service corporation instills an awareness of our special responsibility to be a good 
neighbor and to enrich community life.  
Dominion Energy is committed to hearing, learning from, fully considering, and responding to the concerns 
of all our stakeholders regardless of race, color, national origin, or income as we pursue our infrastructure-
development initiatives. We seek to build partnerships and engage with local communities, stakeholders, 
and customers on environmental issues important to them, including fair treatment, inclusive involvement, 
and effective communication. To affirm our commitment, we maintain a formal environmental justice (EJ) 
policy that guides a rigorous internal process to ensure accountability and follow-through. We employ a 
dedicated EJ staff and provide comprehensive training for company employees.
GOVERNANCE
The Sustainability and Corporate Responsibility Committee of Dominion Energy’s Board of Directors 
oversees the company’s Human Rights Policy. 
The company’s Chief Executive Officer, Chief Legal Officer and Chief Compliance Officer are responsible 
for carrying out our enterprise-wide approach to managing critical ethics and compliance matters. The 
Executive Compliance Council (the “Council”), whose members are senior officers representing each 
business unit, assists in the maintenance of an ethical and compliant climate and culture in their respective 
areas of responsibility. The Council provides support and feedback to the Ethics and Compliance Program 
on training and awareness campaigns, areas of risk and other ethics and compliance educational initiatives 
for employees across the enterprise. 
REPORTING
Potential human rights violations may be reported by contacting the Dominion Energy Compliance Line by 
phone at 1­-800-­628­-1798, or online at www.dconcern.com.
The Dominion Energy Compliance Line is managed by an outside vendor that specializes in compliance line 
services. The caller has the option of reporting a concern or seeking advice anonymously. The compliance 
line vendor does not record telephone calls, track caller ID, trace electronic communications, or otherwise 
attempt to determine your identity. The Dominion Energy Compliance Line is open 24 hours a day, seven 
days a week.
Dominion Energy strictly prohibits any kind of retaliation against any individual who, in good faith, reports 
a concern to the Dominion Energy Ethics and Compliance Program.
ADDITIONAL RESOURCES
•	
Ethics and Compliance at Dominion Energy
•	
Dominion Energy Code of Ethics and Business Conduct
•	
Dominion Energy Supplier Code of Ethics and Business Conduct
©2022 Dominion Energy 010022R5376

