Delivering 
On Our Plan
2024 Annual Report

Providing the reliable, 
affordable, and increasingly 
clean energy that powers 
our customers every day.
NEARLY
33 GW
of new power generation and 
storage in the next 15 years
20.4%  
total shareholder return in 2024
$50B 
capital expenditures 2025–2029
1	
CEO Letter
7	
2024 Highlights
8	
Our Leadership 
9 	
Annual Report on Form 10-K
IBC	 Financial Performance
Dominion Energy (NYSE: D), headquartered in Richmond, Va., provides regulated electricity 
service to 3.6 million homes and businesses in Virginia, North Carolina, and South Carolina, and 
regulated natural gas service to 500,000 customers in South Carolina. The company is one of the 
nation’s leading developers and operators of regulated offshore wind and solar power and the 
largest producer of carbon-free electricity in New England. The company’s mission is to provide 
the reliable, affordable, and increasingly clean energy that powers its customers every day. 
Please visit DominionEnergy.com to learn more.	
As of Feb. 27, 2025. 

1
Dear 
Fellow 
Investors,
Dominion Energy, Inc.
When I wrote to you last year shortly after the 
conclusion of our top-to-bottom business review, I 
said our work was not done — that we were 100% 
focused on execution. In the 12 months since, 
maintaining that focus has brought notable success, 
positioning us for solid growth in the years ahead. 
Guided by our core values — Safety, Ethics, Excellence, Embrace Change, and 
One Dominion Energy, or teamwork — and driven by our mission to provide the 
reliable, affordable, and increasingly clean energy that powers our customers 
every day, we turned in robust performances in our core operations, while seizing 
new business opportunities in 2024. Our financial footing is strong, and our future 
is bright. 
The past year brought many encouraging developments. On the financial side, 
we completed the remaining action items from our business review, collectively 
reducing debt by approximately $21 billion. We closed on the sales to Enbridge Inc. 
of  The East Ohio Gas Company, Questar Gas Company and Wexpro Company, 
and Public Service Company of North Carolina, Inc. We also closed on the sale of a 
50% noncontrolling equity interest in our offshore energy project known as Coastal 
Virginia Offshore Wind (CVOW) to the infrastructure investment firm Stonepeak 
Partners, LLC. Together, these actions have strengthened our balance sheet, reduced 
risk, and solidified our status as a pure-play, regulated utility holding company. 
In 2024, an investment in Dominion Energy common stock produced a total 
shareholder return of 20.4%.
 
Robert M. Blue
Chair, President and 
Chief Executive Officer

We produced regulatory outcomes in South Carolina and North Carolina rate 
cases — and a number of Virginia rider cases — that demonstrated our ability to 
work cooperatively with regulators and other stakeholders to deliver results that 
benefit both our customers and you, our owners.  
We completed a very successful monopile driving season for CVOW, 
installing 78 monopiles (which will support turbines) and four pinpiles (which 
support the first offshore substation that has been delivered to the Portsmouth 
Marine Terminal and awaits installation). The first 20 transition pieces have been 
installed, and four of nine marine deepwater export cables have been laid. 
With the lessons learned from the first installation season, I fully expect that the 
2025 season will succeed as well, and that the project — which has created 
roughly 2,000 direct and indirect jobs and has generated $2 billion in American 
economic activity — will help secure American energy dominance and provide 
much-needed new generation to support U.S. artificial intelligence and cyber 
preeminence in the largest data center market in the world. 
Progress on Charybdis, our offshore energy installation vessel, proceeded 
on schedule. Engine, crane load, and all other major ship system testing has 
been completed, and sea trials began in early 2025. When finished, Charybdis 
will be the only wind turbine installation vessel in the world to comply with the 
U.S. Jones Act. 
In South Carolina, the comprehensive rate case settlement reached there 
authorizes Dominion Energy South Carolina (DESC) to raise rates for the first 
time in nearly four years and to earn a return on equity of 9.94%. DESC’s 
strategy continues to focus on meeting growing customer needs. To that 
end, we are modernizing natural gas peaker plants and are working with the 
state legislature to allow a joint project with Santee Cooper to build a natural 
gas combined-cycle generating facility. In September, the DESC team — with 
aid from about 1,100 Dominion Energy Virginia (DEV) employees and 
contractors — performed heroically in response to the devastation wrought
by Hurricane Helene (see opposite). And over the course of the year DESC 
completed the deployment of advanced metering infrastructure, converting 
more than 1.1 million meters to smart meters. 
Finally, we refreshed our Board of Directors committee structure and elected a 
new independent lead director, and several Board members rotated to different 
committees to provide fresh perspectives, align their expertise with the adjusted 
committee responsibilities, and balance time commitments among the members. 
20-year 
license extension for North Anna 
Power Station approved
The first monopile driving 
season for CVOW saw 78 of 
an eventual 176 monopiles 
installed
Exploring the Next Generation of Nuclear  
Around-the-clock, carbon-free nuclear power from our North Anna, Surry, V.C. 
Summer, and Millstone nuclear power stations has served customers reliably 
for decades.  
Exciting new developments in nuclear power are emerging, and Dominion Energy 
is at the forefront of exploring them. Small modular reactors, or SMRs, potentially 
offer significant advantages including passive safety features, scalability, a 
factory-fabrication model, and the ability to ramp up and down more quickly than 
traditional reactors, enabling a nimbler response to changes in customer demand. 
From issuing an RFP to leading SMR developers to signing a memorandum of 
understanding with Amazon to explore innovative development structures, in 
2024 the company took prudent steps to optimize the potential of SMRs for the 
benefit of our customers and investors.
Dominion Energy, Inc.
2

Dominion Energy, Inc.
Growing Demand  
All this progress occurred against a backdrop of rapidly increasing demand. 
The need for power is growing faster than at any time since the years after 
WWII. Average peak load within what grid operator PJM Interconnection calls 
the Dom Zone — inclusive of our DEV utility service area and co-op and 
municipal providers served by our transmission system — is expected to 
grow by 6.3% a year for the next decade, according to PJM’s latest projections.  
Partly, that is the result of healthy customer growth: In the past year we 
saw our Virginia customer base grow by more than 1% and our South Carolina 
electric customer base grow 2%. Data centers also play a substantial role. 
Northern Virginia is the world’s largest data center market by far — bigger than 
the next five largest U.S. markets combined. Since 2013, we have averaged 
around 15 data center connections per year. In 2024, we connected 15 data 
centers with a combined capacity of nearly 1 GW. Today, data centers account 
for about 26% of DEV’s total electric load. As of December 2024, we had 40 GW 
of data center capacity in various stages of contracting, up from 21 GW just a 
few months before.  
These factors have combined to produce a record-setting need for power. 
In July, the top six all-time peak loads were set in our Virginia service area, with 
the highest occurring on July 16, when the load hit 23,127 MW.  Those peaks 
6.3%
average peak annual load 
growth within our PJM Virginia 
delivery zone expected over the 
next decade
THE
Top 30 
summer demand peaks in the 
region we serve have all been set 
since 2022
Bringing Light After the Storm
For the residents of South Carolina, 
Hurricane Helene was a storm of 
historic proportions. For the men 
and women of Dominion Energy, 
it was an unprecedented challenge. 
Helene resulted in power outages 
affecting more than 446,000 
customers — over half of DESC’s 
customer base. Fixing the damage 
would require replacing 1,444 
transformers, 2,525 poles, and 
8,190 spans of wire.  
Even before the storm struck on 
September 27, Dominion Energy 
employees swung into action, 
staging equipment and crews to 
optimize the response. During the 
height of restoration efforts, roughly 
4,200 employees and contractors, 
including about 1,100 from DEV, 
worked tirelessly to get the lights 
back on and attend to the hundreds 
of cots, more than 1,000 bags of 
laundry, and 80,000 meals needed 
to support the repair crews. 
By mid-day on October 8, Dominion 
Energy had restored power to 
nearly 100% of affected customers.
“I am so proud of our family of 
employees and what they have 
accomplished,” said Keller Kissam, 
president of DESC. “They have 
exemplified our highest calling in 
life, and that is to serve others. 
Leaving their own families for more 
than two weeks, they embodied 
what it means to be their brother’s 
keeper, to be their sister’s keeper, 
and to love their neighbors as 
themselves. I am humbled to stand 
with them and their families and 
say thank you from the bottom of 
my heart for bringing all of us back 
from the darkness and into the 
wonderful light.” 
3

Dominion Energy, Inc.
4
were eclipsed this January, when we hit three new peaks on three consecutive 
days. The top 30 all-time summer peaks in the region we serve have all been set 
since 2022, and the top 10 all-time peaks have occurred in the past 12 months. 
As extreme weather intensifies, we expect to see such trends continue. 
All-of-the-Above Strategy 
To meet growing demand in our service areas, we are pursuing an all-of-the-
above energy strategy that incorporates more of everything, from solar and 
wind to natural gas and advanced nuclear power — a total of nearly 33 GW of 
new power generation and storage over the next 15 years.  
In 2024 we continued to expand our solar portfolio, already one of the largest 
among U.S. utilities, by placing another 377 MW into service. In April, the 
Virginia State Corporation Commission approved more than a dozen solar 
projects with a generating capacity of 764 MW. By the end of 2024, our company-
wide solar portfolio included nearly 9.0 GW in service or under development. 
We expect to build substantially more. In October, DEV submitted to 
regulators its long-term planning document, known as an integrated resource 
plan (IRP). In it, we laid out pathways to meet growing demand that include 
clean energy such as offshore wind, solar, batteries, and nuclear energy, but also 
efficient, abundant natural gas to backstop intermittent resources and serve as a 
round-the-clock provider of electricity to our customers.
By the end of 2024, our 
solar portfolio included 
nearly 9.0 GW in service 
or under development
Achieving Excellence in Innovation 
Nobody at Dominion Energy goes to 
work to earn applause, but the work 
our employees do often receives 
acclaim nonetheless. For the second 
year in a row and the third time in 
six years, a Dominion Energy 
Nuclear team received the Nuclear 
Energy Institute’s  Top Innovative 
Practice “Best of the Best Award.” 
This year, the award was presented 
for using an autonomous robot in 
high-radiation areas, eliminating 
radiation exposure for workers 
while collecting important data.  
Another team from DEV received an 
Association of Edison Illuminating 
Companies award for using 
smart-meter data and automation 
to fix “misgrids,” or inaccurate 
meter-to-transformer relationships. 
A team from DESC won the 
company’s Chair’s Excellence 
Award for developing a web page 
that allows customers to submit 
vegetation-maintenance inquiries 
and pictures, and another Dominion 
Energy team won a Skydio award 
for drone use. 
These are just a few of the awards 
employees won in 2024 — and 
just a few of the innovations 
taking place around the company. 
Others include the use of 3D 
modeling and in-house production 
to fabricate components and the 
use of a helicopter to install new 
transmission lines.

Dominion Energy, Inc.
5
Growing Nuclear and Transmission 
As we grow our renewable portfolio, we are advancing the workhorse of our 
broader power generation portfolio: our zero-carbon nuclear fleet. In 2024 the 
Nuclear Regulatory Commission approved our application to extend North Anna 
Power Station’s operating license for an additional 20 years. With the prior 
approval of a similar license extension for Surry Power Station, Dominion 
Energy now operates two of the four power stations in the country approved to 
operate for 80 years. We plan to seek similar license extensions for V.C. Summer  
Nuclear Station in South Carolina and Millstone Power Station in Connecticut.  
In addition, the company issued an RFP to leading developers of SMRs to 
evaluate the feasibility of developing an SMR at North Anna. Virginia’s General 
Assembly passed legislation allowing companies to petition for cost recovery for 
certain SMR project development costs. We entered into a memorandum of 
understanding with Amazon to explore innovative new development structures 
that would help advance SMRs in Virginia — and are in discussions with other 
companies about making similar arrangements. And we agreed to lease land to 
Commonwealth Fusion Systems for a fusion reactor that could be operational by 
the mid-2030s. 
As we add more generation to the grid, we will need to add more wires 
to deliver energy to customers. In 2024, DEV invested $2.1 billion in electric 
transmission — roughly 18% more than the previous year. And in October, we 
announced an innovative joint planning agreement with American Electric Power 
Company through its Transource Energy affiliate and FirstEnergy Transmission, 
LLC to propose several new regional electric transmission projects across multiple 
states, including new high-capacity transmission lines. Just last month, PJM 
approved two 765-kV transmission projects and a separate substation, which will 
be developed through the recently formed Valley Link Transmission Company, LLC. 
Our five-year capital plan, covering 2025 through 2029, stands at 
$50 billion — including $27 billion worth of regulated grid investments and 
$15 billion of regulated new or modernized generation capacity.
Operational Excellence
Pursuing new initiatives doesn’t allow us to pause our mission of providing 
reliable, affordable, and increasingly clean energy. We strive to fulfill that 
mission day in and day out, and we’re always looking for ways to do it better. 
$2.1B 
invested in electric transmission 
by Dominion Energy Virginia 
in 2024
99.98%  
power availability, excluding 
major storms, in the company’s 
Virginia and Carolinas service 
areas
A vigorous safety culture 
has made our operations 
75% safer than the 
industry average
Lending a Helping Hand
As a company that owns public utilities, Dominion Energy believes it not 
only provides a vital service, but also forms a crucial thread in the social fabric. 
The Dominion Energy Charitable Foundation contributes millions each 
year to address basic human needs, foster community vitality, support 
education, and promote environmental stewardship. But when it comes to 
real generosity, our employees set the standard — and they are constantly 
coming up with new and different ways to lend a supportive hand.
In 2024, employees helped improve childhood literacy by providing free 
books to children; hosted a canned-food drive; bought costumes for an 
elementary-school production of “The Lion King”; cleared several miles of 
South Carolina’s Palmetto Trail; and much more. Actions like these continue 
a legacy of service that dates back decades — and is still going strong.

That concentrated effort pays off. We saw continued improvement in our 
safety record, achieving a 0.42 OSHA recordable injury rate — 75% better than 
the industry average, and the second-best performance in company history. 
Our relentless focus on safety has produced some notable records: DEV’s Power 
Generation operations went 455 days (from June 30, 2023, to September 26, 
2024) without a single OSHA recordable injury. The team at V.C. Summer has 
worked more than four years without a recordable injury. While we’re pleased by 
such progress, we won’t be satisfied until we achieve our goal: zero injuries. 
When it comes to reliability, we had another good year: Our customers had 
power 99.98% of the time, excluding major storms — and despite the challenges 
presented by soaring demand. When storms do strike, our employees swing 
into action, and they do not rest. I am profoundly grateful to the men and 
women of DESC and DEV for their tremendous response to Hurricane Helene. 
I’m also grateful to our customers for their patience, as well as the many acts of 
encouragement and kindness they showed our teams during the restoration efforts. 
We also understand that having power available is only half the equation; 
customers deserve good value for their money, too. As of January 2025, our 
residential rates are 18% below the national average in Virginia and 13% below 
the national average in South Carolina.  
We’ve achieved these performances even as we’ve lowered emissions from 
our generation fleet. By switching from coal to gas and investing in renewables, 
we cut Scope 1 carbon dioxide emissions 53% from 2005 through 2023. While 
increasing demand makes achieving our goal of Net Zero emissions by 2050 
more challenging, we remain committed to the goal.
Supporting Others 
As an operator of public-service companies, we believe in supporting others 
not only through the critical service we provide, but also through good works 
of different kinds. Our employees and retirees give generously of their time, 
volunteering more than 110,000 hours in 2024. Through the Dominion Energy 
Charitable Foundation, EnergyShare, and other avenues, we contributed 
$46.3 million to social betterment by providing energy assistance, supporting 
human needs, enhancing education, promoting environmental stewardship, 
and fostering community vitality. 
With the work we did in 2024, we further positioned your company to 
provide compelling long-term value. We met our financial goals, safely executed 
our mission, and achieved constructive regulatory outcomes — all while 
providing our customers the superior service they have come to expect.  
We could do none of this without the hard work and dedication of our 14,700 
employees, who come to work every day committed to this company and its 
mission. I am grateful to them — just as I am grateful to you, the company’s 
owners, for your continued confidence. We at Dominion Energy know we must 
earn that confidence every day. With the opportunities before us and talented 
people beside us, I am convinced we will. 
Thank you,
Bob Blue
Chair, President and Chief Executive Officer
4+ years
without a recordable injury at 
V.C. Summer Nuclear Station
110,000+  
hours volunteered by our 
employees and retirees in 2024
Our residential rates are 
below the national average
Dominion Energy, Inc.
6

7
2024 Highlights
Safety & 
Environmental
Dominion Energy’s 
relentless dedication to 
safety and environmental 
stewardship protects our 
colleagues, our 
customers, and the 
natural world.
0.42
OSHA recordable injury rate, 
75% better than industry average
53%
reduction in Scope 1 Carbon 
Dioxide emissions, 2005-2023
377 MW	 	
of solar placed into service
Second-best	
employee lost days or restricted 
duty injury rate ever
Reliability
Reliability is our 
customers’ top priority.
We work around the 
clock to ensure our 
customers have the 
energy they want, 
when they want it.
99.98%
power availability, excluding major 
storms, in the company’s Virginia 
and Carolinas service areas 
80 years
of service celebrated by 
Chesterfield Power Station
40 years
of service celebrated by V.C. 
Summer Nuclear Station
Six	 	
	
record peak demands met in July
People & 
Communities
Good corporate citizen-
ship means looking out 
for others. We believe in 
supporting those we work 
with, those we work for, 
and the communities 
we serve.
$7.5B
in new economic 
development supported
1,093
homes weatherized through 
our EnergyShare assistance 
program
$46.3M
donated to the communities 
where we operate
110,000+
employee and retiree 
volunteer hours
Growth
A deliberate strategy 
focused on premier states 
positions your company 
well for the coming years.
15
data centers with a combined 
capacity of nearly 1 GW 
connected to the grid in Virginia
6.3%
average peak annual load growth 
in our PJM Virginia delivery zone 
expected over the next decade
2%	 	
electric customer base growth 
in South Carolina
MOU
with Amazon to advance SMR 
development in Virginia
Dominion Energy, Inc.
7

Our Leadership
Board of Directors*
James A. Bennett
Executive Director of External Affairs,
First-Citizens Bank & Trust Company
Robert M. Blue
Chair, President and 
Chief Executive Officer, 
Dominion Energy, Inc.
Paul M. Dabbar
Co-founder, 
Bohr Quantum Technology Corp.
(quantum networking technology)
D. Maybank Hagood
Chairman & Chief Executive Officer, 
Southern Diversified Distributors, Inc. 
(floor covering distribution and supply)
Mark J. Kington
Managing Director, 
Kington Management, LP
(private investments)
Kristin G. Lovejoy
Global Security and Resilience 
Practice Leader,
Kyndryl Holdings, Inc. (technology)
Joseph M. Rigby
Retired Chairman, President and 
Chief Executive Officer,
Pepco Holdings, Inc.
Pamela J. Royal, M.D.
President, 
Royal Dermatology and 
Aesthetic Skin Care, Inc.
Robert H. Spilman, Jr.
Chairman, President and 
Chief Executive Officer, 
Bassett Furniture Industries, Inc.
Susan N. Story**
Retired President and 
Chief Executive Officer, American 
Water Works Company, Inc.
Vanessa Allen Sutherland
Executive Vice President, Government 
Affairs, General Counsel and Corporate 
Secretary, Phillips 66 Company
	
*	As of March 1, 2025.
	 **	Independent Lead Director.
Executive Leadership
Robert M. Blue*
Chair, President and 
Chief Executive Officer
Corynne S. Arnett
Executive Vice President,
Regulatory Affairs and 
Customer Experience
Carlos M. Brown*
President-Dominion Energy Services and 
Executive Vice President, Chief 
Legal Officer and Corporate Secretary
Diane Leopold
Executive Vice President and 
Chief Operating Officer
Steven D. Ridge*
Executive Vice President 
and Chief Financial Officer
Edward H. Baine*
President-Utility 
Operations and 
Dominion Energy Virginia
Eric S. Carr*
Chief Nuclear Officer and 
President-Nuclear Operations 
& Contracted Energy
Regina J. Elbert
Senior Vice President 
and Chief Human 
Resources Officer
William L. Murray
Senior Vice President, 
Corporate Affairs & 
Communications
Other Senior Leaders
Michele L. Cardiff*
Senior Vice President, 
Controller and 
Chief Accounting Officer
Cedric F. Green 
Senior Vice President,
Generation, 
Dominion Energy Virginia
W. Keller Kissam*
President, 
Dominion Energy 
South Carolina
Douglas C. Lawrence
Senior Vice President, 
Nuclear Operations 
and Fleet Performance
Robert H. Locke
Senior Vice President, 
Electric Distribution 
Dominion Energy Virginia
Mark D. Mitchell
Senior Vice President,
Project Construction
W. Keith Windle
Senior Vice President,
Administrative Services
Joseph A. Woomer
Senior Vice President, 
Electric Transmission, 
Dominion Energy Virginia
	
*	Executive Officers pursuant 
to U.S. Securities and Exchange 
Commission rules, as of March 1, 2025.
Dominion Energy, Inc.
8

UNITED STATES 
SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION 
Washington, D.C. 20549 
FORM 10-K 
(Mark One) 
☒ ANNUAL REPORT PURSUANT TO SECTION 13 OR 15(d) OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934 
For the fiscal year ended December 31, 2024 
OR 
☐ TRANSITION REPORT PURSUANT TO SECTION 13 OR 15(d) OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 
1934 
For the transition period from 
to 
Commission File Number 
Exact name of registrants as specified in their charters 
I.R.S. Employer 
Identification Number 
001-08489 
DOMINION ENERGY, INC. 
54-1229715 
000-55337 
VIRGINIA ELECTRIC AND POWER COMPANY 
54-0418825 
VIRGINIA 
(State or other jurisdiction of incorporation or organization) 
600 EAST CANAL STREET 
RICHMOND, VIRGINIA 
(Address of principal executive offices) 
23219 
(Zip Code) 
(804) 819-2284 
(Registrants’ telephone number) 
Securities registered pursuant to Section 12(b) of the Act: 
Registrant 
Trading 
Symbol 
Title of Each Class 
Name of Each Exchange 
on Which Registered 
DOMINION ENERGY, INC. 
D 
Common Stock, no par value 
New York Stock Exchange 
Securities registered pursuant to Section 12(g) of the Act: 
VIRGINIA ELECTRIC AND POWER COMPANY 
Common Stock, no par value 
Indicate by check mark whether the registrant is a well-known seasoned issuer as defined in Rule 405 of the Securities Act. 
Dominion Energy, Inc. Yes ☒ No ☐ 
Virginia Electric and Power Company Yes ☒ No ☐ 
Indicate by check mark if the registrant is not required to file reports pursuant to Section 13 or Section 15(d) of the Act. 
Dominion Energy, Inc. Yes ☐ No ☒ 
Virginia Electric and Power Company Yes ☐ No ☒ 
Indicate by check mark whether the registrant (1) has filed all reports required to be filed by Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 during 
the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to file such reports), and (2) has been subject to such filing requirements for the 
past 90 days. 
Dominion Energy, Inc. Yes ☒ No ☐ Virginia Electric and Power Company Yes ☒ No ☐ 
Indicate by check mark whether the registrant has submitted electronically every Interactive Data File required to be submitted pursuant to Rule 405 of Regu-
lation S-T (§232.405 of this chapter) during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to submit such files). 
Dominion Energy, Inc. Yes ☒ No ☐ 
Virginia Electric and Power Company Yes ☒ No ☐ 
Indicate by check mark whether the registrant is a large accelerated filer, an accelerated filer, a non-accelerated filer, smaller reporting company, or an emerg-
ing growth company. See the definitions of “large accelerated filer,” “accelerated filer,” “non-accelerated filer,” “smaller reporting company,” and “emerging 
growth company” in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act. 
Dominion Energy, Inc. 
Large accelerated filer 
☒ 
Accelerated filer 
☐ 
Emerging growth company 
☐ 
Non-accelerated filer 
☐ 
Smaller reporting company 
☐ 
Virginia Electric and Power Company 
Large accelerated filer 
☐ 
Accelerated filer 
☐ 
Emerging growth company 
☐ 
Non-accelerated filer 
☒ 
Smaller reporting company 
☐ 
If an emerging growth company, indicate by check mark if the registrant has elected not to use the extended transition period for complying with any new or 
revised financial accounting standards provided pursuant to Section 13(a) of the Exchange Act. ☐ 
Indicate by check mark whether the registrant has filed a report on and attestation to its management’s assessment of the effectiveness of its internal control over 
financial reporting under Section 404(b) of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act (15 U.S.C. 7262(b)) by the registered public accounting firm that prepared or issued its audit 
report. 
Dominion Energy, Inc. ☒ Virginia Electric and Power Company ☐ 
If securities are registered pursuant to Section 12(b) of the Act, indicate by check mark whether the financial statements of the registrant included in the filing 
reflect the correction of an error to previously issued financial statements. 
Dominion Energy, Inc. ☐ Virginia Electric and Power Company ☐ 
Indicate by check mark whether any of those error corrections are restatements that required a recovery analysis of incentive-based compensation received by 
any of the registrant’s executive officers during the relevant recovery period pursuant to §240.10D-1(b). 
Dominion Energy, Inc. ☐ Virginia Electric and Power Company ☐ 
Indicate by check mark whether the registrant is a shell company (as defined by Rule 12b-2 of the Act). 
Dominion Energy, Inc. Yes ☐ No ☒ Virginia Electric and Power Company Yes ☐ No ☒ 
The aggregate market value of Dominion Energy, Inc. common stock held by non-affiliates of Dominion Energy, Inc. was approximately $41.1 billion based on 
the closing price of Dominion Energy, Inc.’s common stock as reported on the New York Stock Exchange as of the last day of Dominion Energy, Inc.’s most 
recently completed second fiscal quarter. Dominion Energy, Inc. is the sole holder of Virginia Electric and Power Company common stock. At February 20, 2025, 
Dominion Energy, Inc. had 852,050,458 shares of common stock outstanding and Virginia Electric and Power Company had 324,245 shares of common stock out-
standing. 
DOCUMENT INCORPORATED BY REFERENCE 
Portions of Dominion Energy, Inc.’s 2025 Proxy Statement are incorporated by reference in Part III. 
This combined Form 10-K represents separate filings by Dominion Energy, Inc. and Virginia Electric and Power Company. Information contained herein 
relating to an individual registrant is filed by that registrant on its own behalf. Virginia Electric and Power Company makes no representations as to the 
information relating to Dominion Energy, Inc.’s other operations. 
VIRGINIA ELECTRIC AND POWER COMPANY MEETS THE CONDITIONS SET FORTH IN GENERAL INSTRUCTION I(1)(a) AND (b) OF 
FORM 10-K AND IS FILING THIS FORM 10-K UNDER THE REDUCED DISCLOSURE FORMAT. 

Dominion Energy, Inc. and Virginia Electric and Power Company 
2 
Item 
Number 
Page 
Number 
 
Glossary of Terms . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .
. . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .  
. . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .  
. . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .  
. . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .  
. . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .  
. . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .  
. . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .  
. . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .  
. . . 
. . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .  
. . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .  
. . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .  
. . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .  
. . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .  
. . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .  
. . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .  
. . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .  
. . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .  
. . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .  
. . . . . . . . . . . .  
. . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .  
. . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .  
. . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .  
. . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .  
 
3 
Part I 
1. 
Business 
9 
1A. 
Risk Factors 
27 
1B. 
Unresolved Staff Comments 
36 
1C. 
Cybersecurity 
36 
2. 
Properties 
37 
3. 
Legal Proceedings 
41 
4. 
Mine Safety Disclosures 
41 
Information about our Executive Officers 
41 
Part II 
5. 
Market for Registrant’s Common Equity, Related Stockholder Matters and Issuer Purchases of Equity Securities 
42 
6. 
[Reserved] 
42 
7. 
Management’s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations 
43 
7A. 
Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosures About Market Risk 
63 
8. 
Financial Statements and Supplementary Data 
66 
9. 
Changes in and Disagreements with Accountants on Accounting and Financial Disclosure 
167 
9A. 
Controls and Procedures 
167 
9B. 
Other Information 
169 
9C. 
Disclosure Regarding Foreign Jurisdictions that Prevent Inspections 
169 
Part III 
10. 
Directors, Executive Officers and Corporate Governance 
170 
11. 
Executive Compensation 
170 
12. 
Security Ownership of Certain Beneficial Owners and Management and Related Stockholder Matters 
170 
13. 
Certain Relationships and Related Transactions, and Director Independence 
170 
14. 
Principal Accountant Fees and Services 
170 
Part IV 
15. 
Exhibits and Financial Statement Schedules 
171 
16. 
Form 10-K Summary 
177 

Glossary of Terms 
The following abbreviations or acronyms used in this Form 10-K are defined below: 
3 
Abbreviation or Acronym 
Definition 
2017 Tax Reform Act 
An Act to Provide for Reconciliation Pursuant to Titles II and V of the Concurrent Resolution on the 
Budget for Fiscal Year 2018 (previously known as The Tax Cuts and Jobs Act) enacted on 
December 22, 2017 
2019 Equity Units 
Dominion Energy’s 2019 Series A Equity Units issued in June 2019, initially in the form of 2019 Series A 
Corporate Units, which consisted of a stock purchase contract and a 1/10 interest in a share of the 
Series A Preferred Stock 
2021 Triennial Review 
Virginia Commission review of Virginia Power’s earned return on base rate generation and distribution 
services for the four successive 12-month test periods beginning January 1, 2017 and ending 
December 31, 2020 
2023 Biennial Review 
Virginia Commission review of Virginia Power’s earned return on base rate generation and distribution 
services for the two successive 12-month test periods beginning January 1, 2021 and ending 
December 31, 2022 and prospective rate base setting for the succeeding annual periods beginning 
January 1, 2024 and ending December 31, 2025 
2024 Series A JSNs 
Dominion Energy’s 2024 Series A Enhanced Junior Subordinated Notes due 2055 
2024 Series B JSNs 
Dominion Energy’s 2024 Series B Enhanced Junior Subordinated Notes due 2054 
2024 Series C JSNs 
Dominion Energy’s 2024 Series C Enhanced Junior Subordinated Notes due 2055 
2025 Biennial Review 
Future Virginia Commission review of Virginia Power’s earned return on base rate generation and 
distribution services for the two successive 12-month test periods beginning January 1, 2023 and 
ending December 31, 2024 and prospective rate base setting for the succeeding annual periods 
beginning January 1, 2026 and ending December 31, 2027 
2025 Proxy Statement 
Dominion Energy 2025 Proxy Statement, File No. 001-08489 
ABO 
Accumulated benefit obligation 
ACE Rule 
Affordable Clean Energy Rule 
AEP 
The legal entity American Electric Power Company, Inc., one or more of its consolidated subsidiaries, or 
the entirety of American Electric Power Company, Inc. and its consolidated subsidiaries 
AES 
The legal entity The AES Corporation, one or more of its consolidated subsidiaries, or the entirety of The 
AES Corporation and its consolidated subsidiaries 
AFUDC 
Allowance for funds used during construction 
Align RNG 
Align RNG, LLC, a joint venture between Dominion Energy and Smithfield Foods, Inc. 
Altavista 
Altavista biomass power station 
AOCI 
Accumulated other comprehensive income (loss) 
ARO 
Asset retirement obligation 
Atlantic Coast Pipeline 
Atlantic Coast Pipeline, LLC, a limited liability company owned by Dominion Energy and Duke Energy 
Atlantic Coast Pipeline 
Project 
A previously proposed approximately 600-mile natural gas pipeline running from West Virginia through 
Virginia to North Carolina which would have been owned by Dominion Energy and Duke Energy 
bcf 
Billion cubic feet 
Bear Garden 
A 622 MW combined-cycle, natural gas-fired power station in Buckingham County, Virginia 
BHE 
The legal entity, Berkshire Hathaway Energy Company, one or more of its consolidated subsidiaries 
(including Eastern Energy Gas Holdings, LLC, Northeast Midstream Partners, LP and Cove Point 
effective November 2020), or the entirety of Berkshire Hathaway Energy Company and its 
consolidated subsidiaries 
Birdseye 
Birdseye Renewable Energy, LLC 
BLS Industry Average 
OSHA Recordable Rate 
An average of the OSHA Recordable Rate published by the Bureau of Labor Statistics for electric power 
generation, transmission and distribution (NAICS code 2211) and natural gas distribution (NAICS 
code 2212) 
BOEM 
Bureau of Ocean Energy Management 
Brunswick County 
A 1,376 MW combined-cycle, natural gas-fired power station in Brunswick County, Virginia 
CAA 
Clean Air Act 
CAISO 
California ISO 
CAO 
Chief Accounting Officer 
CCR 
Coal combustion residual 
CCRO 
Customer credit reinvestment offset 
CEA 
Commodity Exchange Act 
CEO 
Chief Executive Officer 
CERCLA 
Comprehensive Environmental Response, Compensation and Liability Act of 1980, also known as 
Superfund 
CFIUS 
The Committee on Foreign Investment in the U.S. 
CFO 
Chief Financial Officer 
CH4  
Methane 
Chesterfield Energy 
Reliability Center 
A potential 1.0 GW simple-cycle, natural gas-fired power station in Chesterfield County, Virginia 

4 
Abbreviation or Acronym 
Definition 
CNG 
Consolidated Natural Gas Company 
CO2  
Carbon dioxide 
CODM 
Chief Operating Decision Maker 
Companies 
Dominion Energy and Virginia Power, collectively 
Contracted Energy 
Contracted Energy operating segment 
COO 
Chief Operating Officer 
Cooling degree days 
Units measuring the extent to which the average daily temperature is greater than 65 degrees 
Fahrenheit, or 75 degrees Fahrenheit in DESC’s service territory, calculated as the difference 
between 65 or 75 degrees, as applicable, and the average temperature for that day 
Cove Point 
Cove Point LNG, LP (formerly known as Dominion Energy Cove Point LNG, LP) 
CPCN 
Certificate of Public Convenience and Necessity 
CVOW Commercial Project 
A proposed 2.6 GW wind generation facility 27 miles off the coast of Virginia Beach, Virginia in federal 
waters adjacent to the CVOW Pilot Project and associated interconnection facilities in and around 
Virginia Beach, Virginia 
CVOW Pilot Project 
A 12 MW wind generation facility 27 miles off the coast of Virginia Beach, Virginia in federal waters 
CWA 
Clean Water Act 
DECP Holdings 
The legal entity DECP Holdings, Inc., which held Dominion Energy’s noncontrolling interest in Cove 
Point (through September 2023) 
DEQPS 
MountainWest Pipeline Services, Inc. (formerly known as Dominion Energy Questar Pipeline Services, 
Inc.) 
DES 
Dominion Energy Services, Inc. 
DESC 
The legal entity, Dominion Energy South Carolina, Inc., one or more of its consolidated entities or 
operating segment, or the entirety of Dominion Energy South Carolina, Inc. and its consolidated 
entities 
DETC 
Dominion Energy Terminal Company, Inc. 
DGI 
Dominion Generation, Inc. 
Dodd-Frank Act 
The Dodd-Frank Wall Street Reform and Consumer Protection Act of 2010 
DOE 
U.S. Department of Energy 
Dominion Energy 
The legal entity, Dominion Energy, Inc., one or more of its consolidated subsidiaries (other than Virginia 
Power) or operating segments, or the entirety of Dominion Energy, Inc. and its consolidated 
subsidiaries 
Dominion Energy Direct® 
A dividend reinvestment and open enrollment direct stock purchase plan 
Dominion Energy Questar 
Pipeline 
The legal entity, MountainWest Pipeline, LLC (formerly known as Dominion Energy Questar Pipeline, 
LLC), one or more of its consolidated subsidiaries (including its 50% noncontrolling interest in White 
River Hub), or the entirety of Dominion Energy Questar Pipeline, LLC and its consolidated 
subsidiaries 
Dominion Energy South 
Carolina 
Dominion Energy South Carolina operating segment 
Dominion Energy Virginia 
Dominion Energy Virginia operating segment 
Dominion Privatization 
Dominion Utility Privatization, LLC, a joint venture between Dominion Energy and Patriot 
DSM 
Demand-side management 
DSM Riders 
Rate adjustment clauses, designated Riders C1A, C2A, C3A and C4A, associated with the recovery of 
costs related to certain Virginia DSM programs in approved DSM cases 
Dth 
Dekatherm 
Duke Energy 
The legal entity, Duke Energy Corporation, one or more of its consolidated subsidiaries, or the entirety of 
Duke Energy Corporation and its consolidated subsidiaries 
Eagle Solar 
Eagle Solar, LLC, a wholly-owned subsidiary of DGI 
East Ohio 
The East Ohio Gas Company (a subsidiary of Enbridge effective March 2024) 
East Ohio Transaction 
The sale by Dominion Energy to Enbridge of all issued and outstanding capital stock in Dominion Energy 
Questar Corporation and its consolidated subsidiaries, which following a reorganization included East 
Ohio and Dominion Energy Gas Distribution, LLC, pursuant to a purchase and sale agreement 
entered into on September 5, 2023, which was completed on March 6, 2024 
Enbridge 
The legal entity, Enbridge Inc., one or more of its consolidated subsidiaries (including Enbridge Elephant 
Holdings, LLC, Enbridge Parrot Holdings, LLC and Enbridge Quail Holdings, LLC), or the entirety of 
Enbridge Inc. and its consolidated subsidiaries 
EnergySolutions 
EnergySolutions, LLC 
EPA 
U.S. Environmental Protection Agency 
EPACT 
Energy Policy Act of 2005 
EPS 
Earnings per common share 
ERISA 
Employee Retirement Income Security Act of 1974 
ESA 
Endangered Species Act 
Excess Tax Benefits 
Benefits of tax deductions in excess of the compensation cost recognized for stock-based compensation 

5 
Abbreviation or Acronym 
Definition 
FASB 
Financial Accounting Standards Board 
FCC 
Federal Communications Commission 
FERC 
Federal Energy Regulatory Commission 
FirstEnergy 
The legal entity FirstEnergy Corp., one or more of its consolidated subsidiaries, or the entirety of 
FirstEnergy Corp. and its consolidated subsidiaries 
Fitch 
Fitch Ratings Ltd. 
FTRs 
Financial transmission rights 
GAAP 
U.S. generally accepted accounting principles 
GENCO 
South Carolina Generating Company, Inc. 
GHG 
Greenhouse gas 
Green Mountain 
Green Mountain Power Corporation 
Greensville County 
A 1,605 MW combined-cycle, natural gas-fired power station in Greensville County, Virginia 
GTSA 
Virginia Grid Transformation and Security Act of 2018 
GW 
Gigawatt 
Heating degree days 
Units measuring the extent to which the average daily temperature is less than 65 degrees Fahrenheit, 
or 60 degrees Fahrenheit in DESC’s service territory, calculated as the difference between 65 or 60 
degrees, as applicable, and the average temperature for that day 
Hope 
Hope Gas, Inc., doing business as Dominion Energy West Virginia through August 2022 
Hopewell 
Polyester biomass power station 
Idaho Commission 
Idaho Public Utilities Commission 
IRA 
An Act to Provide for Reconciliation Pursuant to Title II of Senate Concurrent Resolution 14 of the 117th 
Congress (also known as the Inflation Reduction Act of 2022) enacted on August 16, 2022 
IRS 
Internal Revenue Service 
ISO 
Independent system operator 
ISO-NE 
ISO New England 
Jones Act 
The Coastwise Merchandise Statute (commonly known as the Jones Act) 46 U.S.C. §55102 regulating 
U.S. maritime commerce 
Kewaunee 
Kewaunee nuclear power station 
kV 
Kilovolt 
LIFO 
Last-in-first-out inventory method 
LNG 
Liquefied natural gas 
LTIP 
Long-term incentive program 
Massachusetts Municipal 
Massachusetts Municipal Wholesale Electric Company 
mcfe 
Thousand cubic feet equivalent 
MD&A 
Management’s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations 
MGD 
Million gallons per day 
Millstone 
Millstone nuclear power station 
Millstone 2019 power 
purchase agreements 
Power purchase agreements with Eversource Energy and The United Illuminating Company for Millstone 
to provide nine million MWh per year of electricity for ten years 
Moody’s 
Moody’s Investors Service 
MW 
Megawatt 
MWh 
Megawatt hour 
N2O 
Nitrous oxide 
Natural Gas Rate 
Stabilization Act 
Legislation effective February 2005 designed to improve and maintain natural gas service infrastructure 
to meet the needs of customers in South Carolina 
NAV 
Net asset value 
NEIL 
Nuclear Electric Insurance Limited 
NERC 
North American Electric Reliability Corporation 
NND Project 
V.C. Summer Units 2 and 3 nuclear development project under which DESC and Santee Cooper 
undertook to construct two Westinghouse AP1000 Advanced Passive Safety nuclear units in 
Jenkinsville, South Carolina 
North Anna 
North Anna nuclear power station 
North Carolina Commission 
North Carolina Utilities Commission 
NOX  
Nitrogen oxide 
NRC 
U.S. Nuclear Regulatory Commission 
NYSE 
New York Stock Exchange 
October 2014 hybrids 
Dominion Energy’s 2014 Series A Enhanced Junior Subordinated Notes due 2054 
ODEC 
Old Dominion Electric Cooperative 
Ohio Commission 
Public Utilities Commission of Ohio 
Order 1000 
Order issued by FERC adopting requirements for electric transmission planning, cost allocation and 
development 
OSHA Recordable Rate 
Number of recordable cases, as defined by the Occupational Safety and Health Administration, a 
division of the U.S. Department of Labor, for every 100 employees over the course of a year 

6 
Abbreviation or Acronym 
Definition 
OSWP 
OSW Project LLC, a limited liability company owned by Virginia Power and Stonepeak (effective October 
2024) 
ozone season 
The period May 1 through September 30, as determined on a federal level 
Patriot 
Patriot Utility Privatizations, LLC, a joint venture between Foundation Infrastructure Partners, LLC and 
John Hancock Life Insurance Company (U.S.A.) and affiliates 
PFAS 
Per- and polyfluorinated substances, a group of widely used chemicals that break down very slowly over 
time in the environment 
PHMSA 
Pipeline and Hazardous Materials Safety Administration 
PJM 
PJM Interconnection, LLC 
PSD 
Prevention of significant deterioration 
PSNC 
Public Service Company of North Carolina, Incorporated (a subsidiary of Enbridge effective September 
2024) 
PSNC Transaction 
The sale by Dominion Energy to Enbridge of all of its membership interests in Fall North Carolina Holdco 
LLC and its consolidated subsidiaries, which following a reorganization included PSNC, pursuant to a 
purchase and sale agreement entered into on September 5, 2023, which was completed on 
September 30, 2024 
Q-Pipe Group 
Collectively, Dominion Energy Questar Pipeline, DEQPS and MountainWest Energy Holding Company, 
LLC (formerly known as QPC Holding Company, LLC and its subsidiary MountainWest Southern 
Trails Pipeline Company (formerly known as Questar Southern Trails Pipeline Company)) 
Questar Gas 
Questar Gas Company (a subsidiary of Enbridge effective May 2024) 
Questar Gas Transaction 
The sale by Dominion Energy to Enbridge of all of its membership interests in Fall West Holdco LLC and 
its consolidated subsidiaries, which following a reorganization included Questar Gas, Wexpro, Wexpro 
II Company, Wexpro Development Company, Dominion Energy Wexpro Services Company, Questar 
InfoComm Inc. and Dominion Gas Projects Company, LLC, pursuant to a purchase and sale 
agreement entered into on September 5, 2023, which was completed on May 31, 2024 
Regulation Act 
Legislation effective July 1, 2007, that amended the Virginia Electric Utility Restructuring Act and fuel 
factor statute, which legislation is also known as the Virginia Electric Utility Regulation Act, as 
amended in 2015, 2018 and 2023 
RGGI 
Regional Greenhouse Gas Initiative 
Rider BW 
A rate adjustment clause associated with the recovery of costs related to Brunswick County 
Rider CCR 
A rate adjustment clause associated with the recovery of costs related to the removal of CCR at certain 
power stations 
Rider CE 
A rate adjustment clause associated with the recovery of costs related to certain renewable generation, 
energy storage and related transmission facilities in Virginia, certain small-scale distributed 
generation projects and related transmission facilities and, beginning May 2024, power purchase 
agreements for the energy, capacity, ancillary services and renewable energy credits owned by third 
parties 
Rider DIST 
A proposed rate adjustment clause associated with the recovery of costs being recovered under Riders 
GT and U 
Rider E 
A rate adjustment clause associated with the recovery of costs related to certain capital projects at 
Virginia Power’s electric generating stations to comply with federal and state environmental laws and 
regulations 
Rider GEN 
A proposed rate adjustment clause associated with the recovery of costs being recovered under Riders 
BW, GV, four other riders associated with generation facilities and the Virginia LNG Storage Facility 
Rider GT 
A rate adjustment clause associated with the recovery of costs associated with electric distribution grid 
transformation projects that the Virginia Commission has approved as authorized by the GTSA 
Rider GV 
A rate adjustment clause associated with the recovery of costs related to Greensville County 
Rider OSW 
A rate adjustment clause associated with costs incurred to construct, own and operate the CVOW 
Commercial Project 
Rider R 
A rate adjustment clause associated with the recovery of costs related to Bear Garden 
Rider RGGI 
A rate adjustment clause associated with the recovery of costs related to the purchase of allowances 
through the RGGI market-based trading program for CO2 
Rider RPS 
A rate adjustment clause associated with the recovery of costs related to the mandatory renewable 
portfolio standard program established by the VCEA 
Rider S 
A rate adjustment clause associated with the recovery of costs related to the Virginia City Hybrid Energy 
Center 
Rider SNA 
A rate adjustment clause associated with costs relating to the preparation of the applications for 
subsequent license renewal to the NRC to extend the operating licenses of Surry and North Anna 
and related projects 
Rider T1 
A rate adjustment clause to recover the difference between revenues produced from transmission rates 
included in base rates, and the new total revenue requirement developed annually for the rate years 
effective September 1 

7 
Abbreviation or Acronym 
Definition 
Rider U 
A rate adjustment clause associated with the recovery of costs of new underground distribution facilities 
Rider W 
A rate adjustment clause associated with the recovery of costs related to Warren County 
ROE 
Return on equity 
ROIC 
Return on invested capital 
RTEP 
Regional transmission expansion plan 
RTO 
Regional transmission organization 
SAIDI 
System Average Interruption Duration Index, metric used to measure electric service reliability 
Santee Cooper 
South Carolina Public Service Authority 
SCANA 
The legal entity, SCANA Corporation, one or more of its consolidated subsidiaries, or the entirety of 
SCANA Corporation and its consolidated subsidiaries 
SCANA Combination 
Dominion Energy’s acquisition of SCANA completed on January 1, 2019 pursuant to the terms of the 
agreement and plan of merger entered on January 2, 2018 between Dominion Energy and SCANA 
SCANA Merger Approval 
Order 
Final order issued by the South Carolina Commission on December 21, 2018 setting forth its approval of 
the SCANA Combination 
SCDOR 
South Carolina Department of Revenue 
Scope 1 emissions 
Emissions that are produced directly by an entity’s own operations 
Scope 2 emissions 
Emissions from electricity a company consumes but does not generate from its own facilities 
Scope 3 emissions 
Emissions generated downstream of company operations by customers and upstream by suppliers 
SEC 
U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission 
SEEM 
Southeast Energy Exchange Market 
SERC 
Southeast Electric Reliability Council 
Series A Preferred Stock 
Dominion Energy’s Series A Cumulative Perpetual Convertible Preferred Stock, without par value, with a 
liquidation preference of $1,000 per share (previously designated the 1.75% Series A Cumulative 
Perpetual Convertible Preferred Stock) 
Series B Preferred Stock 
Dominion Energy’s 4.65% Series B Fixed-Rate Cumulative Redeemable Perpetual Preferred Stock, 
without par value, with a liquidation preference of $1,000 per share 
Series C Preferred Stock 
Dominion Energy’s 4.35% Series C Fixed-Rate Cumulative Redeemable Perpetual Preferred Stock, 
without par value, with a liquidation preference of $1,000 per share 
SF6  
Sulfur hexafluoride 
SO2  
Sulfur dioxide 
South Carolina 
Commission 
Public Service Commission of South Carolina 
Southampton 
Southampton biomass power station 
Southern 
The legal entity, The Southern Company, one or more of its consolidated subsidiaries, or the entirety of 
The Southern Company and its consolidated subsidiaries 
Spruce Power 
The legal entity, Spruce Power Holding Corporation, one or more of its consolidated subsidiaries, or the 
entirety of Spruce Power Holding Corporation and its consolidated subsidiaries 
Standard & Poor’s 
Standard & Poor’s Ratings Services, a division of S&P Global Inc. 
Stonepeak 
The legal entity Stonepeak Partners, LLC, one or more of its affiliated investment vehicles (including 
Dunedin Member LLC) or the entirety of Stonepeak Partners, LLC and its affiliated investment 
vehicles 
Summer 
V.C. Summer nuclear power station 
Surry 
Surry nuclear power station 
Toshiba 
Toshiba Corporation, parent company of Westinghouse 
Toshiba settlement 
Settlement Agreement dated as of July 27, 2017, by and among Toshiba, DESC and Santee Cooper 
TSR 
Total shareholder return 
Ullico 
The legal entity, Ullico Inc., one or more of its consolidated subsidiaries, or the entirety of Ullico Inc. and 
its consolidated subsidiaries 
Utah Commission 
Utah Public Service Commission 
Valley Link 
Valley Link Transmission Company, LLC, a limited liability company owned by Dominion Energy, AEP 
and FirstEnergy, one or more of its consolidated subsidiaries or the entirety of Valley Link 
Transmission Company, LLC and its consolidated subsidiaries 
VCEA 
Virginia Clean Economy Act of March 2020 
VEBA 
Voluntary Employees’ Beneficiary Association 
VIE 
Variable interest entity 
Virginia City Hybrid Energy 
Center 
A 610 MW baseload carbon-capture compatible, clean coal powered electric generation facility in Wise 
County, Virginia 
Virginia Commission 
Virginia State Corporation Commission 

8 
Abbreviation or Acronym 
Definition 
Virginia Facilities 
Proposed electric interconnection and transmission facilities in and around Virginia Beach, Virginia, 
comprising transmission facilities required to interconnect the CVOW Commercial Project reliably 
with the existing transmission system; including 3 miles of 230 kV offshore export circuits, 4 miles of 
underground 230 kV onshore export circuits, a new Harpers switching station, 14 miles of three new 
overhead 230 kV transmission circuits between a new Harpers switching station and the Fentress 
substation, rebuild eight miles of two existing 230 kV overhead lines and an expansion of the 
Fentress substation 
Virginia LNG Storage 
Facility 
A proposed LNG storage facility in Brunswick and Greensville Counties, Virginia 
Virginia Power 
The legal entity, Virginia Electric and Power Company, one or more of its consolidated subsidiaries or 
operating segment, or the entirety of Virginia Electric and Power Company and its consolidated 
subsidiaries 
VOC 
Volatile organic compounds 
VPFS 
Virginia Power Fuel Securitization, LLC 
Warren County 
A 1,349 MW combined-cycle, natural gas-fired power station in Warren County, Virginia 
West Virginia Commission 
Public Service Commission of West Virginia 
Westinghouse 
Westinghouse Electric Company LLC 
Wexpro 
The legal entity, Wexpro Company, one or more of its consolidated subsidiaries, or the entirety of 
Wexpro Company and its consolidated subsidiaries (a subsidiary of Enbridge effective May 2024) 
Wexpro Agreement 
An agreement which sets forth the rights of Questar Gas to receive certain benefits from Wexpro’s 
operations, including cost-of-service gas 
Wexpro II Agreement 
An agreement with the states of Utah and Wyoming modeled after the Wexpro Agreement that allows for 
the addition of properties under the cost-of-service methodology for the benefit of Questar Gas 
customers 
Wexpro Agreements 
Collectively, the Wexpro Agreement, Wexpro II Agreement and two stipulation agreements approved by 
the Utah Commission allowing for the inclusion of certain property at Canyon Creek and the Trail 
Unit under the Wexpro II Agreement 
White River Hub 
MountainWest White River Hub, LLC (formerly known as White River Hub, LLC) 
Wisconsin Commission 
Public Service Commission of Wisconsin 
WP&L 
Wisconsin Power and Light Company, a subsidiary of Alliant Energy Corporation 
WPSC 
Wisconsin Public Service Corporation, a subsidiary of WEC Energy Group 
Wrangler 
Wrangler Retail Gas Holdings, LLC, a partnership between Dominion Energy (through March 2022) and 
Interstate Gas Supply, Inc. 
Wyoming Commission 
Wyoming Public Service Commission 

Part I 
9 
Item 1. Business 
GENERAL 
Dominion Energy, headquartered in Richmond, Virginia and 
incorporated in Virginia in 1983, provides service to approx-
imately 4.1 million primarily electric utility customers in 
Virginia, North Carolina and South Carolina. As of 
December 31, 2024, Dominion Energy’s portfolio of assets 
includes approximately 30.3 GW of electric generating capacity, 
10,600 miles of electric transmission lines and 79,700 miles of 
electric distribution lines. Dominion Energy is one of the nation’s 
leading developers and operators of regulated offshore wind and 
solar power and the largest producer of carbon-free electricity in 
New England. Dominion Energy’s mission is to provide the reli-
able, affordable and increasingly clean energy that powers its cus-
tomers every day. 
In connection with the comprehensive business review con-
cluded in March 2024, Dominion Energy entered into agree-
ments in September 2023 to sell all of its regulated gas 
distribution operations, except for DESC’s, to Enbridge. In addi-
tion, Dominion Energy completed the sale in September 2023 of 
its remaining 50% noncontrolling partnership interest in Cove 
Point to BHE under an agreement entered into in July 2023. 
Dominion Energy continues to focus on expanding and improv-
ing its regulated electric utilities and long-term contracted busi-
nesses while transitioning to a cleaner energy future. Its 
approximately $50 billion capital expenditure plan for 2025 
through 2029 advances its “all-of-the-above” strategy through 
investments in zero-carbon and renewable generation, grid trans-
formation, generation reliability and transmission and dis-
tribution resiliency to meet projected demand growth. Renewable 
generation facilities are expected to include significant invest-
ments in utility-scale solar and the CVOW Commercial Project. 
In addition, Dominion Energy has either received or applied for 
license extensions for its regulated nuclear power stations in Vir-
ginia and South Carolina and intends to apply for license 
extensions for Millstone. 
Dominion Energy currently expects approximately 90% of 
earnings to come from state-regulated utility operations in 
Virginia, North Carolina and South Carolina. Dominion 
Energy’s nonregulated operations consist primarily of long-term 
contracted electric generation operations. Dominion Energy’s 
operations are conducted through various subsidiaries, including 
DESC and Virginia Power. DESC is an SEC registrant; however, 
its Form 10-K is filed separately and is not combined herein. 
Virginia Power, headquartered in Richmond, Virginia and 
incorporated in Virginia in 1909 as a Virginia public service 
corporation, is a wholly-owned subsidiary of Dominion Energy 
and a regulated public utility that generates, transmits and 
distributes electricity for sale in Virginia and North Carolina. In 
Virginia, Virginia Power conducts business under the name 
“Dominion Energy Virginia” and primarily serves retail custom-
ers. In North Carolina, it conducts business under the name 
“Dominion Energy North Carolina” and serves retail customers 
located in the northeastern region of the state, excluding certain 
municipalities. In addition, Virginia Power sells and transmits 
electricity at wholesale prices to rural electric cooperatives, 
municipalities and into wholesale electricity markets. All of 
Virginia Power’s stock is owned by Dominion Energy. 
Amounts and information disclosed for Dominion Energy are 
inclusive of Virginia Power, where applicable. 
WHERE YOU CAN FIND MORE INFORMATION 
ABOUT THE COMPANIES 
The Companies file their annual, quarterly and current reports, 
proxy statements and other information with the SEC. Their SEC 
filings are available to the public over the Internet at the SEC’s 
website at http://www.sec.gov. 
The Companies make their SEC filings, including the annual 
report on Form 10-K, quarterly reports on Form 10-Q, current 
reports on Form 8-K and any amendments to those reports, avail-
able, free of charge, through Dominion Energy’s website, 
http://www.dominionenergy.com, as soon as reasonably practi-
cable after filing or furnishing the material to the SEC. The 
Companies also make available on the “Investors” page of 
Dominion Energy’s website additional information which may be 
important to investors, such as investor presentations, earnings 
release kits and other materials and presentations. Information 
contained on Dominion Energy’s website, including, but not 
limited to reports mentioned in Environmental Strategy, is not 
incorporated by reference in this report. 
ACQUISITIONS AND DISPOSITIONS 
The following acquisitions and divestitures within the last three 
years are considered significant to the Companies. 
GAS DISTRIBUTION OPERATIONS 
Sales to Enbridge 
In March 2024, Dominion Energy completed the East Ohio 
Transaction with Enbridge for $4.3 billion in cash consideration 
and the assumption by Enbridge of approximately $2.3 billion of 
related long-term debt. 
In May 2024, Dominion Energy completed the Questar Gas 
Transaction with Enbridge for $3.0 billion in cash consideration 
and the assumption by Enbridge of approximately $1.3 billion of 
related long-term debt. 
In September 2024, Dominion Energy completed the PSNC 
Transaction with Enbridge for $2.0 billion in cash consideration 
and the assumption by Enbridge of approximately $1.3 billion of 
related long-term debt. 
See Note 3 to the Consolidated Financial Statements for addi-
tional information. 
HOPE 
In August 2022, Dominion Energy completed the sale of 100% 
of the equity interests in Hope to Ullico for $690 million in cash 
consideration, subject to customary closing adjustments. 
See Note 3 to the Consolidated Financial Statements for addi-
tional information. 
ELECTRIC GENERATION FACILITIES 
Sale of Noncontrolling Interest in CVOW Commercial Project 
In October 2024, Virginia Power completed the sale of a 50% 
noncontrolling interest in the CVOW Commercial Project to 

10 
Stonepeak through the formation of OSWP. At closing, Virginia 
Power received $2.6 billion, representing 50% of the CVOW 
Commercial Project construction costs incurred through closing, 
less an initial withholding of $145 million. 
See Note 10 to the Consolidated Financial Statements for 
additional information. 
Acquisition of Virginia Power Solar Projects 
In 2022, Virginia Power entered into and completed the acquis-
itions of various solar development projects in Virginia. These 
projects are expected to cost a total of approximately $1.1 billion 
once constructed, including initial acquisition costs, and generate 
approximately 537 MW combined. These costs are primarily 
expected to be recovered under Rider CE. 
See Note 13 to the Consolidated Financial Statements for 
additional information. 
Acquisition of Nonregulated Solar Projects 
In 2023, Dominion Energy entered into an agreement to acquire 
a nonregulated solar project in Virginia and completed the acquis-
ition in 2024. The project was completed at a total cost of 
approximately $195 million, including initial acquisition cost, 
and generates approximately 83 MW. 
In 2022, Dominion Energy entered into an agreement and 
completed the acquisition of a nonregulated solar project in Ohio. 
The project was completed at a total cost of approximately 
$390 million, including initial acquisition cost, and generates 
approximately 200 MW. 
See Note 10 to the Consolidated Financial Statements for 
additional information. 
Acquisition of Offshore Wind Project 
In October 2024, Virginia Power completed the acquisition of an 
approximately 40,000-acre area lease 27 miles off the coast of 
North Carolina in federal waters and associated project assets in 
the early stages of development for approximately $160 million. 
See Note 10 to the Consolidated Financial Statements for 
additional information. 
EQUITY METHOD INVESTMENTS 
Sale of Interest in Cove Point 
In September 2023, Dominion Energy completed the sale of its 
50% noncontrolling limited partnership interest in Cove Point to 
BHE for approximately $3.3 billion in cash proceeds. 
See Note 9 to the Consolidated Financial Statements for addi-
tional information. 
Acquisition of Interest in Dominion Privatization 
In February 2022, Dominion Energy entered into an agreement 
to form Dominion Privatization, a joint venture with Patriot. 
Under the agreement, during 2022 Dominion Energy con-
tributed its existing privatization operations in Virginia, Texas, 
Pennsylvania and South Carolina, excluding contracts held by 
DESC, and Patriot contributed cash. Dominion Energy received 
total consideration of $335 million, comprised of $168 million in 
cash proceeds and a 50% noncontrolling ownership interest in 
Dominion Privatization with an initial fair value of $167 million. 
See Note 9 to the Consolidated Financial Statements for addi-
tional information. 
HUMAN CAPITAL 
One of Dominion Energy’s greatest strengths is its employees, and 
their unique skills, knowledge, expertise and backgrounds allow 
Dominion Energy to fulfill its mission to provide the reliable, 
affordable and increasingly clean energy that powers its customers 
every day. At December 31, 2024, Dominion Energy had approx-
imately 14,700 full-time employees, of which approximately 3,400 
are subject to collective bargaining agreements, including approx-
imately 6,600 full-time employees at Virginia Power, of which 
approximately 2,700 are subject to collective bargaining 
agreements. 
Safety is the highest priority of Dominion Energy’s five core 
values with the fundamental goal to send every employee home 
safe and sound every day. In 2024, Dominion Energy experienced 
an OSHA Recordable Rate of 0.42 compared to 0.45 in 2023 
and 0.52 in 2022. These rates reflect Dominion Energy’s dedi-
cation to safety when compared to a BLS Industry Average 
OSHA Recordable Rate of 2.0 in 2023 and 1.7 in 2022. As evi-
dence of Dominion Energy’s commitment to safety, annual 
incentive plans for all employees, except as restricted by any 
collective bargaining agreements, include a safety performance 
measure. 
Dominion Energy works to recruit, retain and develop the 
careers of talented individuals regardless of background who 
reflect its core values; safety, ethics, excellence, embrace change 
and one Dominion Energy. These core values support Dominion 
Energy’s employees in their efforts to optimize performance, col-
laborate within teams and across the organization and create a 
respectful, welcoming work environment. As an example, Domin-
ion Energy sponsors nine employee resource groups enabling 
employees to work together to create community and promote 
excellent performance. Further, Dominion Energy is an equal 
opportunity employer committed to non-discrimination in all 
operations. As part of this, Dominion Energy periodically reviews 
its workforce representation to ensure it is casting a wide net for 
the best and brightest talent. In 2024, 2023 and 2022, the per-
centage of Dominion Energy’s workforce that was diverse was 
38.7%, 37.7% and 37.0%, respectively. In 2024, 2023 and 2022, 
the percentage of new hires that were diverse was 45.3%, 49.0% 
and 48.9%, respectively. For the purposes of measuring and 
reporting on diversity as required by federal law, Dominion 
Energy follows federal EEO-1 guidelines and includes employees 
who self-identify their gender as female and/or their race/ethnicity 
as American Indian or Alaskan Native, Asian, Black or African 
American, Hispanic or Latino, Native Hawaiian or Other Pacific 
Islander or Two or More Races. 
Dominion Energy attracts and retains its employees by offer-
ing competitive compensation and benefits packages, including 
healthcare, retirement, paid time off, parental leave and other 
benefits. Dominion Energy also offers continuous learning oppor-
tunities including tuition assistance programs, professional devel-
opment resources and leadership development programs. 
Additionally, Dominion Energy creates opportunities for its 
employees to engage its leaders and with each other through 
respectful two-way conversations that help employees and leaders 
learn from one another, share insights and opinions and broaden 
the workforce’s perspectives regarding what matters to customers. 
Dominion Energy prioritizes employee engagement and routinely 
seeks feedback through surveys, focus groups and other means. 

11 
Such feedback informs management decisions, enhances support 
for employees and improves customer service. These resources 
and programs are designed not only to engage and retain talented 
employees but also to allow Dominion Energy to meet the needs 
of its customers in an ever-changing industry with a skilled work-
force. 
OPERATING SEGMENTS 
Dominion Energy manages its daily operations through three 
primary operating segments: Dominion Energy Virginia, Domin-
ion Energy South Carolina and Contracted Energy. See Note 26 
to the Consolidated Financial Statements for a summary descrip-
tion of operations within each of the three primary operating 
segments. Dominion Energy also reports a Corporate and Other 
segment, which includes its corporate, service companies and other 
functions (including unallocated debt) as well as Dominion 
Energy’s noncontrolling interest in Dominion Privatization. 
Corporate and Other includes specific items attributable to 
Dominion Energy’s operating segments that are not included in 
profit measures evaluated by executive management in assessing 
the operating segments’ performance or in allocating resources. In 
addition, Corporate and Other includes the net impact of dis-
continued operations consisting primarily of the operations 
included in the East Ohio, PSNC and Questar Gas Transactions 
and Dominion Energy’s equity investment in Atlantic Coast Pipe-
line as discussed in Notes 3 and 9 to the Consolidated Financial 
Statements. 
Virginia Power manages its daily operations through its pri-
mary operating segment: Dominion Energy Virginia. It also 
reports a Corporate and Other segment that primarily includes 
specific items attributable to its operating segments that are not 
included in profit measures evaluated by executive management 
in assessing the segment’s performance or in allocating resources. 
While daily operations are managed through the operating 
segments previously discussed, assets remain wholly-owned by the 
Companies and their respective legal subsidiaries. 
Dominion Energy Virginia 
Dominion Energy Virginia is composed of Virginia Power’s regu-
lated electric transmission, distribution and generation (regulated 
electric utility and its related energy supply) operations, which 
serve approximately 2.8 million residential, commercial, industrial 
and governmental customers in Virginia and North Carolina. 
Dominion Energy Virginia’s capital plan for 2025 through 
2029 includes spending approximately $41 billion, net of 
reimbursements from Stonepeak, to construct new generation 
capacity, including the CVOW Commercial Project, to continue 
developments to meet its renewable generation targets and grow-
ing electricity demand within its service territory in order to 
maintain reliability and regulatory compliance and to upgrade or 
add new transmission lines, distribution lines, substations and 
other facilities, as well as maintain existing generation capacity. 
The proposed infrastructure projects and investment commit-
ments are intended to address both continued customer growth 
and increases in electricity consumption which are primarily 
driven by new and larger data center customers. See Properties and 
Environmental Strategy for additional information on this and 
other utility projects. Data centers, which represent 26% and 
24% of Virginia Power’s electricity sales for the years ended 
December 31, 2024 and 2023, respectively, have been a source of 
significant increase in demand which is expected to continue over 
the next decade. The concentration of data centers primarily in 
Loudoun County, Virginia represents a unique challenge and 
requires significant investments in electric transmission facilities 
to meet the growing demand. PJM has projected a 6.3% average 
peak annual load growth over the next ten years for the PJM 
DOM Zone, which includes Dominion Energy Virginia’s service 
territory. 
Virginia Power also plans to continue making progress on its 
ten-year plan through 2028 to transform its electric grid into a 
smarter, stronger and greener grid. This plan addresses the struc-
tural limitations of Virginia Power’s distribution grid in a system-
atic manner in order to recognize and accommodate fundamental 
changes and requirements in the energy industry. The objective is 
to address both customer and system needs by (i) achieving even 
higher levels of reliability and resiliency against natural and 
man-made threats, (ii) leveraging technology to enhance the cus-
tomer experience and improve the operation of the system and 
(iii) safely and effectively integrating new utility-scale renewable 
generation and storage as well as customer–level distributed 
energy resources such as rooftop solar and battery storage. The 
Virginia Commission has approved portions of this plan through 
2026. 
Revenue provided by electric distribution and generation 
operations is based primarily on rates established by the Virginia 
and North Carolina Commissions. Approximately 78% of rev-
enue comes from serving Virginia jurisdictional customers. Base 
rates for the Virginia jurisdiction are set using a modified 
cost-of-service rate model, and are generally designed to allow an 
opportunity to recover the cost of providing utility service and 
earn a reasonable return on investments used to provide that serv-
ice. Variability in earnings is driven primarily by changes in rates, 
weather, customer growth and other factors impacting con-
sumption such as the economy and energy conservation, in addi-
tion to operating and maintenance expenditures. Electric 
operations continue to focus on improving service and experience 
levels while striving to reduce costs and link investments to opera-
tional results. SAIDI performance results, excluding major events, 
were 130 minutes for the three-year average ending 2024, con-
sistent with the previous three-year average of 130 minutes. 
Earnings may also reflect variations in the timing or nature of 
expenses as compared to those contemplated in current rates, such 
as labor and benefit costs, capacity expenses, the timing, duration 
and costs of scheduled and unscheduled outages as well as certain 
customers’ ability to choose a generation service provider. The 
cost of fuel and purchased power is generally collected through 
fuel cost-recovery mechanisms established by regulators and does 
not materially impact net income. The cost of new generation 
facilities is generally recovered through riders in Virginia. Varia-
bility in earnings from riders reflects changes in the authorized 
ROE and the carrying amount of these facilities, which are largely 
driven by the timing and amount of capital investments, as well as 
depreciation. See Note 13 to the Consolidated Financial State-
ments for additional information. 

12 
Revenue provided by Virginia Power’s electric transmission 
operations is based primarily on rates approved by FERC. The 
profitability of this business is dependent on its ability, through 
the rates it is permitted to charge, to recover costs and earn a rea-
sonable ROIC. Variability in earnings primarily results from 
changes in rates and the timing of property additions, retirements 
and depreciation. 
Virginia Power is a member of PJM, an RTO, and its electric 
transmission facilities are integrated into PJM wholesale electricity 
markets. Consistent with the increased authority given to NERC 
by EPACT, Virginia Power is committed to meeting NERC 
standards, modernizing its infrastructure and maintaining 
superior system reliability with respect to its electric transmission 
operations. 
COMPETITION 
There is no competition for electric distribution service within 
Virginia Power’s service territory in Virginia and North Carolina 
and no such competition is currently permitted. Historically, 
since its electric transmission facilities are integrated into PJM 
and electric transmission services are administered by PJM, there 
was no competition in relation to transmission service provided to 
customers within the PJM region. However, competition from 
non-incumbent PJM transmission owners for development, con-
struction and ownership of certain transmission facilities in 
Virginia Power’s service territory is permitted pursuant to Order 
1000, subject to state and local siting and permitting approvals. 
This could result in additional competition to build and own 
transmission infrastructure in Virginia Power’s service area in the 
future and could allow Dominion Energy to seek opportunities to 
build and own facilities in other service territories. Additionally, 
there is some competition for Virginia Power’s generation oper-
ations for Virginia jurisdictional electric utility customers that 
meet certain size requirements or that currently are purchasing 
energy from competitive suppliers deemed to be 100% renewable 
by the Virginia Commission. See Electric under State Regulations 
in Regulation for additional information. Currently, North Caro-
lina does not offer retail choice to electric customers. 
Virginia Power’s non-jurisdictional solar operations are not 
currently subject to significant competition as the output from 
these facilities is primarily sold under long-term power purchase 
agreements with terms generally ranging from 16 to 25 years. 
However, in the future, such operations may compete with other 
power generation facilities to serve certain large-scale customers 
after the power purchase agreements expire. 
REGULATION 
Virginia Power’s electric distribution and generation operations, 
including the rates it may charge to jurisdictional customers, as 
well as wholesale electric transmission rates, tariffs and terms of 
service, are subject to regulation by the Virginia and North Caro-
lina Commissions as well as FERC, NRC, EPA, DOE, U.S. 
Army Corps of Engineers, BOEM and other federal, state and 
local authorities. See State Regulations and Federal Regulations in 
Regulation, Future Issues and Other Matters in Item 7. MD&A 
and Notes 13 and 23 to the Consolidated Financial Statements 
for additional information. 
PROPERTIES 
For a description of existing facilities see Item 2. Properties. 
CVOW Commercial Project 
In September 2019, Virginia Power filed applications with PJM 
for the CVOW Commercial Project and for certain approvals and 
rider recovery from the Virginia Commission in November 2021. 
The Virginia Commission provided such approvals in August 
2022, as revised for certain provisions related to rider recovery in 
December 2022. The 2.6 GW project is expected to be placed in 
service by the end of 2026 with an estimated total project cost of 
approximately $10.7 billion, excluding financing costs, that 
reflects a revised estimate of network upgrade costs assigned by 
PJM to the CVOW Commercial Project. Virginia Power’s esti-
mate for the project’s projected levelized cost of energy, including 
renewable energy credits, is approximately $62/MWh, compared 
to the initial filing submission of $80-90/MWh. 
The expected total project cost reflects increases driven primar-
ily by projections for onshore electrical interconnection costs and 
network upgrade costs assigned to the project by PJM, specifically 
incorporating consideration of PJM’s December 2024 publication 
of potential transmission network upgrades required for certain 
generation projects and related cost allocations, including those 
attributable to the CVOW Commercial Project. Relative to Vir-
ginia Power’s November 2024 Rider OSW filing, the updated 
estimated total project cost reflects an approximately $0.6 billion 
increase for such onshore and network upgrade costs and an 
approximately $0.3 billion increase for increased contingency for 
remaining construction activities, completion of the removal of 
unexploded ordnance, undersea cable protection system design 
enhancements, commodity prices for transportation fuel, updates 
for sea fastener fabrication and installation and other construction 
and equipment supplier costs. 
Virginia Power has entered into fixed price contracts for the 
major offshore construction and equipment components. These 
contracts include services denominated in currencies other than 
the U.S. dollar for approximately €2.6 billion and 5.1 billion kr., 
which have been included within the cost estimate above. In 
addition, certain of the fixed price contracts, approximately 
€0.7 billion, contain commodity indexing provisions linked to 
steel. In May 2022, Virginia Power entered into forward purchase 
agreements with a notional amount of approximately €3.2 billion 
to hedge its foreign currency rate risk exposure from certain fixed 
price contracts for the major offshore construction and equipment 
components of the CVOW Commercial Project. 
The estimated total project cost above reflects the Companies’ 
best estimate of the remaining construction costs, including con-
tingency of approximately 5% on such remaining amounts. Such 
estimate could potentially change for items, certain of which are 
beyond the Companies’ control, including but not limited to 
actual network upgrade costs allocated by PJM, fuel for trans-
portation and installation, the impact of applicable tariffs, if any, 
costs to maintain necessary permits, approvals and authorizations, 
ability of key suppliers and contractors to timely satisfy their obli-
gations under existing contracts, marine wildlife and/or any severe 
weather events. 
Virginia Power commenced major onshore construction activ-
ities for the CVOW Commercial Project in November 2023 fol-
lowing the receipt of a record of decision from BOEM in October 

13 
2023 for construction. Onshore construction activities are antici-
pated to be completed in early 2026. Virginia Power commenced 
major offshore construction activities in May 2024 following the 
receipt of final approval from BOEM authorizing offshore con-
struction and necessary permits from the U.S. Army Corps of 
Engineers for offshore construction in January 2024. During the 
first installation season which concluded in October 2024, 78 
monopiles were installed with the remaining 98 monopiles 
expected to be installed during the second installation season 
which runs from May 2025 through October 2025. Transition 
pieces began to be installed on monopiles near the end of 2024 
with all transition pieces expected to be installed by early 2026. 
The first of three offshore substations is expected to be installed in 
early 2025. Deepwater cables commenced being laid in late 2024 
with four of nine completed through February 2025 and an 
expected 260 miles of interarray cable ultimately to be laid 
throughout 2025 and 2026. Turbines are expected to commence 
installment in the second half of 2025 and be completed by the 
end of 2026. 
In August 2022, the Virginia Commission approved the appli-
cation for certification of the Virginia Facilities component of the 
CVOW Commercial Project, the revenue requirement for the 
initial rate year of Rider OSW, subject to certain performance 
measures, and noted that no further action was required with 
respect to Virginia Power’s foreign currency risk mitigation plan. 
In December 2022, the Virginia Commission approved the 
settlement agreement filed in October 2022 by Virginia Power, 
Office of the Attorney General of Virginia and other parties and 
reinstated its August 2022 order granting approval of Rider 
OSW. The settlement agreement provides for a voluntary cost 
sharing mechanism resulting from unforeseen construction cost 
increases; specifically, that Virginia Power will be eligible to 
recover 50% of such incremental costs which fall between 
$10.3 billion and $11.3 billion with no recovery of such 
incremental costs which fall between $11.3 billion and 
$13.7 billion. There is no voluntary cost sharing mechanism for 
any total construction costs in excess of $13.7 billion, the recov-
ery of which would be determined in a future Virginia Commis-
sion preceding. The settlement agreement also provides for 
customers to receive the maximum benefits available under the 
IRA including that to the extent the IRA reduces the total con-
struction costs, such reductions will also be applied to the cost 
sharing bands discussed above. In addition, the settlement agree-
ment includes enhanced performance reporting provisions, in lieu 
of a performance guarantee, for the operation of the CVOW 
Commercial Project. To the extent the annual net capacity factor 
is below 42%, as determined on a three-year rolling average, Vir-
ginia Power is required to provide detailed explanation of the 
factors contributing to any shortfall to the Virginia Commission 
which could determine in a future proceeding a remedy for 
incremental costs incurred associated with any deemed 
unreasonable or imprudent actions of Virginia Power. See Note 
13 to the Consolidated Financial Statements for additional 
information on Rider OSW. 
In January 2023, following receipt of approval from the Vir-
ginia and North Carolina Commissions, Virginia Power entered 
into a lease contract with an affiliated entity for the use of a Jones 
Act compliant offshore wind installation vessel currently under 
development with commencement of the 20-month lease term in 
August 2025 at a total cost of approximately $240 million plus 
ancillary services. In December 2024, following receipt of appro-
val from the Virginia and North Carolina Commissions, Virginia 
Power amended the lease agreement to potentially accelerate the 
commencement of the lease term. See additional discussion of the 
affiliated lease agreement in Note 25 to the Consolidated Finan-
cial Statements. 
Virginia Power anticipates funding the CVOW Commercial 
Project consistent with its approved debt to equity capitalization 
structure. Through December 31, 2024, approximately 
$6.0 billion of costs had been incurred on the project. See 
Liquidity – Capital Expenditures in Item 7. M&A for project costs 
expected to be incurred in 2025 through 2029. In October 2024, 
Virginia Power closed on the sale of a 50% noncontrolling inter-
est in the project to Stonepeak following satisfaction of regulatory 
approvals, including from BOEM and the Virginia and North 
Carolina Commissions. At closing, Virginia Power received 
$2.6 billion, representing 50% of the CVOW Commercial Proj-
ect construction costs incurred through closing, less an initial 
withholding of $145 million. If the total project costs of the 
CVOW Commercial Project are $9.8 billion, excluding financing 
costs, or less Virginia Power shall receive $100 million of the ini-
tial withholding. Such amount is subject to downward adjust-
ment with Virginia Power receiving no withheld amounts if the 
total costs, excluding financing costs, of the CVOW Commercial 
Project exceed $11.3 billion. 
Virginia Power and Stonepeak will each contribute 50% of 
the remaining capital necessary to fund construction of the 
CVOW Commercial Project provided the total project cost, 
excluding financing costs, is less than $11.3 billion. For capital 
funding necessary, if any, for total project costs, excluding financ-
ing costs, of $11.3 billion through $13.7 billion, Stonepeak will 
have the option to make additional capital contributions. If 
Stonepeak elects to make additional capital contributions for 
project costs, excluding financing costs, in excess of $11.3 billion, 
if any, Virginia Power shall contribute between 67% and 83% of 
such capital with Stonepeak contributing the remainder. To the 
extent that Stonepeak elects not to make such contributions, Vir-
ginia Power shall receive an increase in its ownership percentage 
of OSWP for any contributed capital based on a tiered unit price 
for membership interests in OSWP as set forth in the agreement. 
Virginia Power and Stonepeak have the right to provide capital 
contributions for any total project costs, excluding financing 
costs, in excess of $13.7 billion. 
See Note 10 to the Consolidated Financial Statements for 
additional information. The CVOW Commercial Project is vital 
for Virginia Power to meet the renewable energy portfolio stan-
dard established in the VCEA and is consistent with the criteria 
within the VCEA for the construction of an offshore wind facility 
deemed to be in the public interest as well as the guidelines facili-
tating cost recovery. See additional discussion of the VCEA provi-
sions concerning renewable generation projects in Note 13 to the 
Consolidated Financial Statements. 
Electric Generation and Storage Projects 
In addition, Virginia Power is developing, financing and con-
structing new generation capacity and has also received license 
extensions on zero carbon nuclear generation facilities to meet its 
renewable generation targets and growing electricity demand 

14 
within its service territory. Significant projects under construction 
or development as well as significant projects under consideration 
are set forth below: 
• 
Virginia Power plans to invest approximately $4.0 billion 
from 2025 through 2029 to acquire or construct several 
solar facilities to serve utility customers. See Note 13 to the 
Consolidated Financial Statements for additional 
information. 
• 
Virginia Power plans to invest approximately $1.4 billion 
from 2025 to 2029 to develop battery-storage facilities to 
serve utility customers. 
• 
Virginia Power received a 20-year extension of the operat-
ing licenses for its two units at Surry in 2021 and its two 
units at North Anna in 2024. See Nuclear 
Decommissioning below for additional information on 
these facilities. 
• 
Virginia Power plans to construct and operate an LNG stor-
age facility to serve as a backup fuel source for Brunswick 
County and Greensville County to support operations and 
improve system reliability. The facility is expected to cost 
approximately $550 million, excluding financing costs, and 
be placed into service by the end of 2027. 
• 
Virginia Power anticipates filing for approval to construct 
and operate the Chesterfield Energy Reliability Center. 
The project, if approved, is expected to have a generating 
capacity of 1.0 GW and could be placed into service in 
2029 to enhance reliability for utility customers. 
• 
Virginia Power continues to consider the construction of a 
third nuclear unit at a site located at North Anna. See 
Future Issues and Other Matters in Item 7. MD&A for 
additional information on this project. 
• 
In October 2024, Virginia Power completed the acquis-
ition of an approximately 40,000-acre area lease 27 miles 
off the coast of North Carolina in federal waters and asso-
ciated project assets in the early stages of development for 
approximately $160 million. The CVOW South project, 
if constructed, is expected to have a generating capacity of 
800 MW with ultimate development of the project 
dependent upon the receipt of approvals from the Virginia 
Commission and other permitting entities. The project 
would support Virginia Power’s ability to meet the renew-
able energy portfolio standards established in the VCEA. 
Electric Transmission and Distribution Projects 
Virginia Power continues to invest in transmission projects that 
are a part of PJM’s RTEP process which focus on reliability 
improvements and replacement of aging infrastructure. The proj-
ects that have been authorized by PJM are expected to result in 
future capital expenditures of approximately $4.6 billion from 
2025 through 2029. 
In October 2024, Dominion Energy announced a joint plan-
ning initiative with AEP and FirstEnergy. As part of the initiative, 
the companies jointly submitted initial project proposals for high-
voltage transmission lines in Virginia, Maryland and West 
Virginia to PJM. In February 2025, Dominion Energy, AEP and 
FirstEnergy entered into an agreement for the operation of Valley 
Link to undertake a multi-year process to develop, construct and 
subsequently operate the new transmission line projects selected 
by PJM. Under the terms of the joint venture agreement, Domin-
ion Energy will hold a 30% initial interest in Valley Link. Domin-
ion Energy expects to invest approximately $1.0 billion from 
2025 through 2029 in connection with this arrangement. 
Virginia legislation provides for the recovery of costs, subject 
to approval by the Virginia Commission, for Virginia Power to 
move approximately 4,000 miles of electric distribution lines 
underground. The program is designed to reduce restoration 
outage time by moving Virginia Power’s most outage-prone over-
head distribution lines underground, has an annual investment 
cap of approximately $286 million and is expected to be com-
pleted by 2029. The Virginia Commission has approved seven 
phases of the program encompassing approximately 2,200 miles 
of converted lines and $1.3 billion in capital spending recoverable 
through Rider U. Additionally, Virginia Power has requested cost 
recovery for phase eight of the program from the Virginia Com-
mission, encompassing approximately 300 miles of converted 
lines and $240 million in capital spending, recoverable through 
Rider DIST. 
See Note 13 to the Consolidated Financial Statements for 
additional information. 
SOURCES OF ENERGY SUPPLY 
Virginia Power uses a variety of fuels to power its electric gen-
eration fleet and purchases power for utility system load require-
ments and to satisfy physical forward sale requirements. Some of 
these agreements have fixed commitments and are detailed further 
in Fuel and Other Purchase Commitments in Item 7. MD&A. 
Presented below is a summary of Virginia Power’s actual sys-
tem output by energy source: 
Source 
2024 
2023 
2022 
Natural gas 
40% 
36% 
36% 
Nuclear(1) 
26 
29 
28 
Purchased power, net 
22 
25 
23 
Coal(2) 
5 
5 
8 
Renewable and Hydro(3) 
7 
5 
5 
Total 
100% 100% 100% 
(1) Excludes ODEC’s 11.6% undivided ownership interest in North Anna. 
(2) Excludes ODEC’s 50.0% undivided ownership interest in the Clover 
power station. 
(3) Includes solar, biomass and pumped storage. 
Nuclear Fuel—Virginia Power primarily utilizes long-term 
contracts to support its nuclear fuel requirements. Worldwide 
market conditions are continuously evaluated to ensure a range of 
supply options at reasonable prices which are dependent on the 
market environment. Current agreements, inventories and spot 
market availability are expected to support current and planned 
fuel supply needs. Additional fuel is purchased as required to 
ensure optimal cost and inventory levels. 
Fossil Fuel—Virginia Power primarily utilizes natural gas and 
coal in its fossil fuel plants. All recent fossil fuel plant construction 
involves natural gas generation. 
Virginia Power’s natural gas and oil supply is obtained from 
various sources including purchases from major and independent 
producers in the Mid-Continent and Gulf Coast regions, pur-
chases from local producers in the Appalachian area and Marcellus 
and Utica regions, purchases from gas marketers and withdrawals 
from underground storage fields owned by third parties. Virginia 
Power manages a portfolio of natural gas transportation contracts 

15 
(capacity) that provides for reliable natural gas deliveries to its gas 
turbine fleet, while minimizing costs. 
Virginia Power’s coal supply is obtained through long-term 
contracts and short-term spot agreements from domestic suppliers. 
Biomass—Virginia Power’s biomass supply is obtained 
through long-term contracts and short-term spot agreements from 
local suppliers. 
Purchased Power—Virginia Power purchases electricity from 
the PJM spot market and through power purchase agreements 
with other suppliers to provide for utility system load require-
ments. 
SEASONALITY 
Virginia Power’s earnings vary seasonally as a result of the impact 
of changes in temperature, the impact of storms and other cata-
strophic weather events, and the availability of alternative sources 
for heating on demand by residential and commercial customers. 
Generally, the demand for electricity peaks during the summer 
and winter months to meet cooling and heating needs, 
respectively. An increase in heating degree days for Virginia 
Power’s electric utility-related operations does not produce the 
same increase in revenue as an increase in cooling degree days, 
due to seasonal pricing differentials and because alternative heat-
ing sources are more readily available. 
NUCLEAR DECOMMISSIONING 
Virginia Power has a total of four licensed, operating nuclear 
reactors at Surry and North Anna in Virginia. 
Decommissioning involves the decontamination and removal 
of radioactive contaminants from a nuclear power station once 
operations have ceased, in accordance with standards established 
by the NRC. Amounts collected from ratepayers have been placed 
into trusts and are invested to fund the expected future costs of 
decommissioning the Surry and North Anna units. 
Virginia Power believes that the decommissioning funds and 
their expected earnings for the Surry and North Anna units will 
be sufficient to cover expected decommissioning costs, partic-
ularly when combined with future ratepayer collections and con-
tributions to these decommissioning trusts, if such future 
collections and contributions are required. This reflects the long-
term investment horizon, since the units will not be decom-
missioned for decades, and a positive long-term outlook for trust 
fund investment returns. Virginia Power will continue to monitor 
these trusts to ensure they meet the NRC minimum financial 
assurance requirements, which may include, if needed, the use of 
parent company guarantees, surety bonding or other financial 
instruments recognized by the NRC. 
The estimated cost to decommission Virginia Power’s four 
nuclear units is reflected in the table below and is primarily based 
upon site-specific studies completed in 2024. These cost studies 
are generally completed every four to five years. The current cost 
estimates assume decommissioning activities will begin shortly 
after cessation of operations, which will occur when the operating 
licenses expire. 
Under the current operating licenses, Virginia Power is sched-
uled to decommission the Surry and North Anna units during the 
period 2052 to 2118. NRC regulations allow licensees to apply 
for extension of an operating license in up to 20-year increments. 
In 2021, Virginia Power was granted an additional 20 years for its 
operating licenses for the two units at Surry. Under these license 
extensions, the two units will be allowed to generate electricity 
through 2052 and 2053. In 2024, Virginia Power was granted an 
additional 20 years for its operating licenses for the two units at 
North Anna. Under these license extensions, the two units will be 
allowed to generate electricity through 2058 and 2060. Between 
the four units, Virginia Power estimates that it could spend 
approximately $5 billion through 2035 on capital improvements. 
The existing regulatory framework in Virginia provides rate 
recovery mechanisms for such costs. 
The estimated decommissioning costs, funds in trust and 
current license expiration dates for Surry and North Anna are 
shown in the following table: 
NRC license 
expiration year 
Most recent cost 
estimate (2024 dollars)(1) 
Funds in trusts at 
December 31, 2024(2) 
(dollars in millions) 
Surry 
Unit 1 
2052 
$ 886 
$1,217 
Unit 2 
2053 
886 
1,196 
North Anna 
Unit 1(3) 
2058 
839 
966 
Unit 2(3) 
2060 
844 
907 
Total 
 
$3,455 
$4,286 
(1) The cost estimates shown above reflect reductions for the expected future 
recovery of certain spent fuel costs based on Virginia Power’s contracts 
with the DOE for disposal of spent nuclear fuel consistent with the 
reductions reflected in Virginia Power’s nuclear decommissioning AROs. 
(2) Virginia Power did not make any contributions to its nuclear decom-
missioning trust funds during 2024. 
(3) North Anna is jointly owned by Virginia Power (88.4%) and ODEC 
(11.6%). However, Virginia Power is responsible for 89.05% of the 
decommissioning obligation. Amounts reflect 89.05% of the decom-
missioning cost for both of North Anna’s units. 
Also see Notes 9, 14 and 23 to the Consolidated Financial 
Statements for additional information about nuclear decom-
missioning trust investments, AROs and other aspects of nuclear 
decommissioning, respectively. 
Dominion Energy South Carolina 
Dominion Energy South Carolina is composed of DESC’s gen-
eration, transmission and distribution of electricity to approx-
imately 0.8 million customers in the central, southern and 
southwestern portions of South Carolina and the distribution of 
natural gas to approximately 0.5 million residential, commercial 
and industrial customers in South Carolina. 
Dominion Energy South Carolina’s capital plan for 2025 
through 2029 includes spending approximately $6 billion to 
upgrade existing or add new infrastructure to meet growing 
energy needs within its service territory and maintain reliability. 
Revenue provided by DESC’s electric distribution operations 
is based primarily on rates established by the South Carolina 
Commission. Variability in earnings is driven primarily by 
changes in rates, weather, customer growth and other factors 
impacting consumption such as the economy and energy con-
servation, in addition to operating and maintenance expenditures. 
DESC’s electric transmission operations serve its electric dis-
tribution operations as well as certain wholesale customers. Rev-
enue provided by such electric transmission operations is based on 

16 
a FERC-approved formula rate mechanism under DESC’s open 
access transmission tariff or based on retail rates established by the 
South Carolina Commission. 
Revenue provided by DESC’s electric generation operations is 
primarily derived from the sale of electricity generated by its 
utility generation assets and is based on rates established by the 
South Carolina Commission. Variability in earnings may arise 
when revenues are impacted by factors not reflected in current 
rates, such as the impact of weather, customer demand or the 
timing and nature of expenses or outages. 
Electric operations continue to focus on improving service and 
experience levels while striving to reduce costs and link invest-
ments to operational results. SAIDI performance results, excluding 
major events, were 83 minutes for the three-year average ending 
2024, up from the previous three-year average of 82 minutes. 
Revenue provided by DESC’s natural gas distribution oper-
ations primarily results from rates established by the South Caro-
lina Commission. Variability in earnings results from changes in 
operating and maintenance expenditures, as well as changes in 
rates and the demand for services, the availability and prices of 
alternative fuels and the economy. 
DESC is a member of the Carolinas Reserve Sharing Group, 
one of several geographic divisions within the SERC. The SERC 
is one of seven regional entities with delegated authority from 
NERC for the purpose of proposing and enforcing reliability 
standards approved by NERC. In addition, DESC also partic-
ipates in the SEEM platform, which became operational in 
November 2022. See Federal Regulations in Regulation for addi-
tional information on SEEM. 
COMPETITION 
There is no competition for electric distribution or generation 
service within DESC’s retail electric service territory in South 
Carolina and no such competition is currently permitted. How-
ever, competition from third-party owners for development, con-
struction and ownership of certain transmission facilities in 
DESC’s service territory is permitted pursuant to Order 1000, 
subject to state and local siting and permitting approvals. This 
could result in additional competition to build and own trans-
mission infrastructure in DESC’s service area in the future. 
Competition in DESC’s natural gas distribution operations is 
generally based on price and convenience. Large commercial and 
industrial customers often have the ability to switch from natural 
gas to an alternate fuel, such as propane or fuel oil. Natural gas 
competes with these alternate fuels based on price. As a result, any 
significant disparity between supply and demand, either of natural 
gas or of alternate fuels, and due either to production or delivery 
disruptions or other factors, will affect price and the ability to 
retain large commercial and industrial customers. 
REGULATION 
DESC’s electric distribution service, including the rates it may 
charge to jurisdictional customers, is subject to regulation by the 
South Carolina Commission. DESC’s electric generation oper-
ations are subject to regulation by the South Carolina Commis-
sion, FERC, NRC, EPA, DOE, U.S. Army Corps of Engineers 
and other federal, state and local authorities. DESC’s electric 
transmission service is primarily regulated by FERC and the DOE. 
DESC’s gas distribution operations are subject to regulation by the 
South Carolina Commission, as well as PHMSA, the U.S. Depart-
ment of Transportation and the South Carolina Office of Regu-
latory Staff for enforcement of federal and state pipeline safety 
requirements. See State Regulations and Federal Regulations in 
Regulation, Future Issues and Other Matters in Item 7. MD&A 
and Notes 13 and 23 to the Consolidated Financial Statements for 
additional information. 
PROPERTIES 
For a description of existing facilities, see Item 2. Properties. 
DESC has the following significant projects under con-
struction or development to better serve customers or expand its 
service offerings within its service territory: 
In January 2022, DESC committed to a plan to retire certain 
existing gas combustion turbine facilities, including certain units 
which currently do not have any net summer capability, and 
replace them with new gas combustion turbine units at the Wil-
liams and Parr facilities to increase reliability and reduce emis-
sions. The replacement facility at the Williams facility achieved 
commercial operation in 2024. The replacement facility at the 
Parr facility is expected to be placed in service by the end of 2025 
at an estimated cost of approximately $220 million, excluding 
financing costs, and have a total winter generating capacity of 
approximately 105 MW. 
To maintain reliability, DESC commenced development in 
2023 of a wastewater treatment facility at the Williams facility. 
The project will allow DESC to comply with the effluent limi-
tation guidelines and is expected to be placed in service by the 
end of 2025 at an estimated cost of approximately $160 million, 
excluding financing costs. 
In February 2024, DESC received approval from the South 
Carolina Commission to provide electric services to two large 
industrial customers which will require development of new elec-
tric transmission facilities. 
In January 2025, DESC received an approval from the South 
Carolina Commission to pursue the construction of a new natural 
gas-fired combustion turbine unit at Urquhart to increase reli-
ability, improve operational flexibility and reduce emissions. Pro-
vided that DESC is able to obtain the necessary permits to 
commence construction, this facility could be placed in service by 
the end of 2028 at an estimated cost of $395 million, excluding 
financing costs, and have a total winter generating capacity of 
approximately 200 MW. If completed, this project would be 
expected to replace certain legacy natural gas-fired combustion 
turbine and natural gas-fired steam generation facilities at the site. 
SOURCES OF ENERGY SUPPLY 
DESC uses a variety of fuels to power its electric generation fleet 
and purchases power for utility system load requirements. Some 
of these agreements have fixed commitments and are detailed 
further in Fuel and Other Purchase Commitments in Item 7. 
MD&A. 

17 
Presented below is a summary of DESC’s actual system out-
put by energy source: 
Source 
2024 
2023 
2022 
Natural gas 
47% 
50% 
48% 
Nuclear(1) 
21 
21 
23 
Coal 
21 
18 
18 
Renewable and Hydro(2) 
11 
11 
11 
Total 
100% 100% 100% 
(1) Excludes Santee Cooper’s 33.3% undivided ownership interest in 
Summer. 
(2) Includes solar. 
Natural gas—DESC purchases natural gas under contracts 
with producers and marketers on both a short-term and long-
term basis at market-based prices. The gas is delivered to DESC 
through firm transportation agreements with various counter-
parties, through 2084. 
Coal—DESC primarily obtains coal through short-term and 
long-term contracts with suppliers located in eastern Kentucky, 
Tennessee, Virginia and West Virginia that will expire at various 
times through 2026. Spot market purchases may occur when 
needed or when prices are believed to be favorable. 
Nuclear—DESC primarily utilizes long-term contracts to 
support its nuclear fuel requirements. DESC, for itself and as 
agent for Santee Cooper, and Westinghouse are parties to a fuel 
alliance agreement and contracts for fuel fabrication and related 
services. Under these contracts, DESC supplies enriched products 
to Westinghouse, who in turn supplies nuclear fuel assemblies for 
Summer. Westinghouse is DESC’s exclusive provider of such fuel 
assemblies on a cost-plus basis. The fuel assemblies to be delivered 
under the contracts are expected to supply the nuclear fuel 
requirements through 2036. 
In addition, DESC has contracts covering its nuclear fuel 
needs for uranium, conversion services and enrichment services. 
These contracts have varying expiration dates through 2032. 
DESC believes that it will be able to renew these contracts as they 
expire or enter into similar contractual arrangements with other 
suppliers of nuclear fuel materials and services and that sufficient 
capacity for nuclear fuel supplies and processing exists to allow for 
normal operations of its nuclear generating unit. Current agree-
ments, inventories and spot market availability are expected to 
support current and planned fuel supply needs. Additional fuel is 
purchased as required to ensure optimal fuel and inventory levels. 
SEASONALITY 
DESC’s electric business earnings vary seasonally as a result of the 
impact of changes in temperature, the impact of storms and other 
catastrophic weather events and the availability of alternative 
sources for heating on demand by residential and commercial 
customers. Generally, the demand for electricity peaks during the 
summer and winter months to meet cooling and heating needs, 
respectively. An increase in heating degree days does not produce 
the same increase in revenue as an increase in cooling degree days, 
due to seasonal pricing differentials and because alternative heat-
ing sources are more readily available. 
DESC’s gas distribution and storage business earnings vary 
seasonally as a result of the impact of changes in temperature on 
demand by residential and commercial customers for gas to meet 
heating needs. The majority of these earnings are generated dur-
ing the heating season, which is generally from November to 
March; however, South Carolina has certain rate mechanisms 
designed to reduce the impact of weather-related fluctuations. 
NUCLEAR DECOMMISSIONING 
DESC has a two-thirds interest in one licensed, operating nuclear 
reactor at Summer in South Carolina. 
Decommissioning involves the decontamination and removal 
of radioactive contaminants from a nuclear power station once 
operations have ceased, in accordance with standards established 
by the NRC. Amounts collected from ratepayers are placed into 
trusts and are invested to fund the expected future costs of 
decommissioning Summer. 
DESC believes that the decommissioning funds and their 
expected earnings will be sufficient to cover expected decom-
missioning costs, particularly when combined with future rate-
payer collections and contributions to this trust. DESC will 
continue to monitor this trust to ensure that it meets the NRC 
minimum financial assurance requirements, which may include, if 
needed, the use of parent company guarantees, surety bonding or 
other financial instruments recognized by the NRC. 
The estimated cost to DESC to decommission its 66.7% 
ownership in Summer is reflected in the table below and is 
primarily based upon site-specific studies completed in 2020. 
These cost studies are generally completed every four to five years. 
Santee Cooper is responsible for the remaining decommissioning 
costs, proportionate with its 33.3% ownership in Summer. The 
cost estimates assume decommissioning activities will begin 
shortly after cessation of operations, which will occur when the 
operating license expires. NRC regulations allow licensees to 
apply for extension of an operating license in up to 20-year 
increments. In August 2023, DESC filed an application with the 
NRC to renew the operating license for Unit 1 at Summer for an 
additional 20 years. A relicensing would extend its life through 
2062. The existing regulatory framework in South Carolina pro-
vides a rate recovery mechanism for costs incurred on the relicens-
ing process. 
The estimated decommissioning costs, funds in trust and 
current license expiration dates for Summer are shown in the fol-
lowing table: 
NRC license 
expiration year 
Most recent cost 
estimate (2024 dollars)(1) 
Funds in trusts at 
December 31, 2024(2) 
(dollars in millions) 
Summer – Unit 1 
2042 
$831 
$268 
(1) The cost estimates shown above reflect reductions for the expected future 
recovery of certain spent fuel costs based on DESC’s contracts with the 
DOE for disposal of spent nuclear fuel consistent with the reductions 
reflected in DESC’s nuclear decommissioning AROs and includes the 
expectation that a 20-year license extension is obtained. 
(2) Excludes any funds held in trust by Santee Cooper. DESC made con-
tributions of $3 million to its nuclear decommissioning trust funds dur-
ing 2024. 
Also see Notes 9, 14 and 23 to the Consolidated Financial 
Statements for additional information about nuclear decom-
missioning trust investments, AROs and other aspects of nuclear 
decommissioning, respectively. 

18 
Contracted Energy 
Contracted Energy includes the operations of Millstone, and 
associated energy marketing and price risk activities, and Domin-
ion Energy’s nonregulated long-term contracted renewable elec-
tric generation fleet. Contracted Energy also includes 
nonregulated renewable natural gas facilities in operation and 
under development, including Dominion Energy’s investment in 
Align RNG. See Investments below for additional information 
regarding the Align RNG investment. 
Contracted Energy’s capital plan for 2025 through 2029 
includes spending approximately $2 billion primarily to support 
its operations at Millstone and develop renewable natural gas 
projects. 
Contracted Energy derives its earnings primarily from Domin-
ion Energy’s nonregulated generation assets, including associated 
capacity and ancillary services. Variability in earnings provided by 
Millstone relates to changes in market-based prices received for 
electricity and capacity as well as the timing, duration and costs of 
scheduled and unscheduled outages. Approximately half of Mill-
stone’s output is sold under the Millstone 2019 power purchase 
agreements, which commenced in October 2019. Market-based 
prices for electricity are largely dependent on commodity prices 
and the demand for electricity. Capacity prices are dependent 
upon resource requirements in relation to the supply available 
(both existing and new) in the forward capacity auctions, which 
are held approximately three years in advance of the associated 
delivery year. Dominion Energy manages the electric price vola-
tility of Millstone by hedging a substantial portion of its expected 
near-term energy sales not subject to the Millstone 2019 power 
purchase agreements with derivative instruments. 
Dominion Energy’s nonregulated generation fleet includes 
solar generation facilities in operation or development in five 
states, including Virginia. The output of these facilities is sold 
under long-term power purchase agreements with terms generally 
ranging from 15 to 25 years. Variability in earnings provided by 
these assets relates to changes in irradiance levels due to changes 
in weather. See Note 10 to the Consolidated Financial Statements 
for additional information regarding certain solar projects. 
COMPETITION 
Contracted Energy’s renewable generation projects are not cur-
rently subject to significant competition as the output from these 
facilities is primarily sold under long-term power purchase agree-
ments with terms generally ranging from 15 to 25 years. How-
ever, in the future, such operations may compete with other 
power generation facilities to serve certain large-scale customers 
after the power purchase agreements expire. Competition for the 
nonregulated fleet is impacted by electricity and fuel prices, new 
market entrants, construction by others of generating assets and 
transmission capacity, technological advances in power gen-
eration, the actions of environmental and other regulatory author-
ities and other factors. These competitive factors may negatively 
impact the nonregulated fleet’s ability to profit from the sale of 
electricity and related products and services. 
Millstone is dependent on its ability to operate in a com-
petitive environment and does not have a predetermined rate 
structure that provides for an ROIC. Millstone operates within a 
functioning RTO and primarily competes on the basis of price. 
Competitors include other generating assets bidding to operate 
within the RTO. Millstone competes in the wholesale market 
with other generators to sell a variety of products including 
energy, capacity and ancillary services. It is difficult to compare 
various types of generation given the wide range of fuels used by 
generation facilities, fuel procurement strategies, efficiencies and 
operating characteristics of the fleet within any given RTO. 
However, Dominion Energy applies its expertise in operations, 
dispatch and risk management to maximize the degree to which 
Millstone is competitive compared to similar assets within the 
region. 
REGULATION 
Contracted Energy’s generation fleet is subject to regulation by 
the NRC, EPA, DOE, U.S. Army Corps of Engineers and other 
federal, state and local authorities. See Federal Regulations in 
Regulation, Future Issues and Other Matters in Item 7. MD&A 
and Note 23 to the Consolidated Financial Statements for addi-
tional information. 
PROPERTIES 
For a listing of facilities, see Item 2. Properties. 
Non-Utility Renewable Natural Gas—In December 2019, 
Dominion Energy began exploring projects to capture methane 
from dairy farms and convert it into pipeline quality natural gas. 
As of December 31, 2024, 18 dairy renewable natural gas projects 
in Colorado, Georgia, Idaho, Kansas, New Mexico, Nevada and 
Texas were under construction, including seven of which had 
begun to produce test gas. Substantially all of the projects are 
expected to be placed in service in 2025 with an estimated total 
cost of approximately $1.3 billion, excluding financing costs. 
Dominion Energy expects to invest approximately $300 million 
on such facilities in 2025. 
INVESTMENTS 
Align RNG—In November 2018, Dominion Energy announced 
the formation of Align RNG, an equal partnership with Smith-
field Foods, Inc. As of December 31, 2024, Align RNG had three 
projects under construction in North Carolina and Virginia with 
an estimated total cost of approximately $125 million. These 
facilities are expected to be placed in service throughout 2025 and 
2026. 
LEASING ARRANGEMENT 
In December 2020, Dominion Energy signed an agreement (most 
recently amended in August 2024) with a lessor to complete con-
struction of and lease a Jones Act compliant offshore wind 
installation vessel. This vessel is designed to handle current tur-
bine technologies as well as next generation turbines. The lessor is 
providing equity and has obtained financing commitments from 
debt investors, totaling $715 million, to fund project costs. 
Including financing costs, total estimated project costs are approx-
imately $715 million. The completed project is expected to be 
delivered to the CVOW Commercial Project in the third quarter 
of 2025. The initial lease term will commence once construction 
is substantially complete and the vessel is delivered and will 
mature after five years. See Note 15 to the Consolidated Financial 
Statements for additional information. 

19 
SOURCES OF ENERGY SUPPLY 
Contracted Energy’s renewable fleet utilizes solar energy to power 
its electric generation while Millstone utilizes nuclear fuel, which 
is acquired primarily through a series of 5-year contracts, to power 
its electric generation. In addition, Dominion Energy occasionally 
purchases electricity from the ISO-NE spot market to satisfy 
physical forward sale requirements, as described below. Some of 
these agreements have fixed commitments and are detailed further 
in Fuel and Other Purchase Commitments in Item 7. MD&A. 
SEASONALITY 
Sales of electricity for Contracted Energy are subject to seasonal 
variation as a result of the weather, partially mitigated by the 
Millstone 2019 power purchase agreements. 
NUCLEAR DECOMMISSIONING 
Dominion Energy has two licensed, operating nuclear reactors at 
Millstone in Connecticut. Dominion Energy intends to seek 
approval of 20-year license extensions for both Units 2 and 3, 
which would allow these units to generate electricity through 
2055 and 2065, respectively. A third Millstone unit ceased oper-
ations before Dominion Energy acquired the power station. 
As part of Dominion Energy’s acquisition of Millstone, it 
acquired decommissioning funds for the related units. Dominion 
Energy believes that the decommissioning funds and their 
expected earnings will be sufficient to cover expected decom-
missioning costs for the Millstone units. Dominion Energy will 
continue to monitor these trusts to ensure they meet the NRC 
minimum financial assurance requirements, which may include, if 
needed, the use of parent company guarantees, surety bonding or 
other financial instruments recognized by the NRC. The most 
recent site-specific study completed for Millstone was performed 
in 2024. 
The estimated decommissioning costs, funds in trust and 
current license expiration dates for Millstone are shown in the 
following table: 
NRC license 
expiration year 
Most recent cost 
estimate (2024 dollars)(1) 
Funds in trusts at 
December 31, 2024(2) 
(dollars in millions) 
Millstone 
Unit 1(3) 
N/A 
$ 893 
$ 944 
Unit 2 
2035 
1,076 
1,270 
Unit 3(4) 
2045 
1,190 
1,282 
Total 
 
$3,159 
$3,496 
(1) The cost estimates shown above reflect reductions for the expected future 
recovery of certain spent fuel costs based on Dominion Energy’s contracts 
with the DOE for disposal of spent nuclear fuel consistent with the 
reductions reflected in Dominion Energy’s nuclear decommissioning 
AROs. 
(2) Dominion Energy did not make any contributions to its nuclear decom-
missioning trust funds related to Millstone during 2024. 
(3) Unit 1 permanently ceased operations in 1998, before Dominion 
Energy’s acquisition of Millstone. 
(4) Millstone Unit 3 is jointly owned by Dominion Energy Nuclear Con-
necticut, Inc., with a 6.53% undivided interest in Unit 3 owned by 
Massachusetts Municipal and Green Mountain. Decommissioning cost is 
shown at Dominion Energy’s ownership percentage. At December 31, 
2024, the minority owners held $73 million of trust funds related to 
Millstone Unit 3 that are not reflected in the table above. 
Also see Notes 9, 14 and 23 to the Consolidated Financial 
Statements for additional information about nuclear decom-
missioning trust investments, AROs and other aspects of nuclear 
decommissioning, respectively. 
Corporate and Other 
CORPORATE AND OTHER SEGMENT-DOMINION ENERGY 
Dominion Energy’s Corporate and Other segment includes its 
corporate, service company and other functions (including 
unallocated debt) as well as its noncontrolling interest in Domin-
ion Privatization. Corporate and Other includes specific items 
attributable to Dominion Energy’s operating segments that are 
not included in profit measures evaluated by executive manage-
ment in assessing the segments’ performance or in allocating 
resources. In addition, Corporate and Other includes the net 
impact of discontinued operations consisting primarily of the 
operations included in the East Ohio, PSNC and Questar Gas 
Transactions and a noncontrolling interest in Atlantic Coast Pipe-
line. 
Dominion Energy owns a 50% noncontrolling interest in 
Dominion Privatization, a partnership with Patriot, which main-
tains and operates electric and gas distribution infrastructure 
under service concession arrangements with certain U.S. military 
installations in Pennsylvania, South Carolina, Texas, Washington 
D.C. and Virginia. 
Dominion Energy owns a 53% noncontrolling interest in 
Atlantic Coast Pipeline. In July 2020, as a result of the continued 
permitting delays, growing legal uncertainties and the need to 
incur significant capital expenditures to maintain project timing 
before such uncertainties could be resolved, Dominion Energy 
and Duke Energy announced the cancellation of the Atlantic 
Coast Pipeline Project. 
See Notes 3 and 9 to the Consolidated Financial Statements 
for additional information. 
CORPORATE AND OTHER SEGMENT-VIRGINIA POWER 
Virginia Power’s Corporate and Other segment primarily includes 
certain specific items attributable to its operating segments that 
are not included in profit measures evaluated by executive 
management in assessing the segment’s performance or in allocat-
ing resources. 
REGULATION 
The Companies are subject to regulation by various federal, state 
and local authorities, including the state commissions of Virginia, 
North Carolina and South Carolina, SEC, FERC, EPA, DOE, 
PHMSA, NRC, U.S. Army Corps of Engineers, BOEM and U.S. 
Department of Transportation. 
State Regulations 
ELECTRIC 
Virginia Power and DESC’s electric utility retail services are sub-
ject to regulation by the Virginia and North Carolina Commis-
sions and the South Carolina Commission, respectively. 
Virginia Power and DESC hold CPCNs which authorize 
them to maintain and operate their electric facilities already in 

20 
operation and to sell electricity to customers. However, Virginia 
Power and DESC may not construct generating facilities or large 
capacity transmission lines without the prior approval of various 
state and federal government agencies. In addition, the Virginia 
and North Carolina Commissions and the South Carolina 
Commission regulate Virginia Power and DESC’s transactions, 
respectively, with affiliates and transfers of certain facilities. The 
Virginia and South Carolina Commissions also regulate the issu-
ance of certain securities. 
Electric Regulation in Virginia 
The Regulation Act provides for a cost-of-service rate model and 
permits Virginia Power to seek recovery of costs for new gen-
eration projects as well as extensions of operating licenses of 
nuclear power generation facilities, FERC-approved transmission 
costs, underground distribution lines, certain environmental 
compliance, conservation, energy efficiency and demand response 
programs and renewable energy facilities and programs through 
stand-alone riders, and also contains statutory provisions directing 
Virginia Power to file annual fuel cost recovery cases with the 
Virginia Commission. If the Virginia Commission does not allow 
recovery of costs incurred in providing service on a timely basis, 
Virginia Power’s future earnings could be negatively impacted. 
In April 2020, the VCEA replaced Virginia’s voluntary renew-
able energy portfolio standard for Virginia Power with a man-
datory program setting annual renewable energy portfolio 
standard requirements based on the percentage of total electric 
energy sold by Virginia Power, excluding existing nuclear gen-
eration and certain new carbon-free resources, reaching 100% by 
the end of 2045. The VCEA includes related requirements con-
cerning deployment of wind, solar and energy storage resources, 
as well as provides for certain measures to increase net-metering, 
including an allocation for low-income customers, incentivizes 
energy efficiency programs and provides for cost recovery related 
to participation in a carbon trading program. 
In April 2023, legislation was enacted that resets the fre-
quency of base rate reviews from a triennial period, as established 
under the GTSA, to a biennial period commencing with the 2023 
Biennial Review. The legislation provided that the Virginia 
Commission establish an authorized ROE of 9.70% for Virginia 
Power in the 2023 Biennial Review, and that subsequent to the 
2023 Biennial Review the Virginia Commission is authorized to 
utilize any methodology it deems to be consistent with the public 
interest to make future ROE determinations. In all future bien-
nial reviews, if the Virginia Commission determines that Virginia 
Power’s existing base rates will, on a going-forward basis, produce 
revenues that are either in excess of or below its authorized rate of 
return, the Virginia Commission is authorized to reduce or 
increase such base rates, as applicable and necessary, to ensure that 
Virginia Power’s base rates are just and reasonable while still 
allowing Virginia Power to recover its costs and earn a fair rate of 
return. In addition, beginning with the 2025 Biennial Review, 
the Virginia Commission may, at its discretion, increase or 
decrease Virginia Power’s authorized ROE by up to 50 basis 
points based on factors that may include reliability, generating 
plant performance, customer service and operating efficiency, 
with the provisions applying to such adjustments to be 
determined in a future proceeding. 
The legislation directed that if the Virginia Commission 
determined as part of the 2023 Biennial Review that Virginia 
Power had earned more than 70 basis points above its authorized 
ROE of 9.35% established in the 2021 Triennial Review that 
85% of the amount of such earnings above this level be credited 
to customers’ bills. In future biennial reviews, beginning with the 
biennial review to be filed in 2025, 85% of any earnings 
determined by the Virginia Commission to be up to 150 basis 
points above Virginia Power’s authorized ROE shall be credited 
to customers’ bills as well as 100% of any earnings that are more 
than 150 basis points above Virginia Power’s authorized ROE. 
For the purposes of measuring any bill credits due to customers, 
associated income taxes are factored into the determination of 
such amounts. In addition, the legislation eliminated Virginia 
Power’s ability to utilize Virginia Commission-approved invest-
ment amounts in qualifying solar or wind generation facilities or 
electric distribution grid transformation projects as a CCRO to 
reduce or offset any earnings otherwise eligible for customer cred-
its as previously permitted under the GTSA. 
See Note 13 to the Consolidated Financial Statements for 
additional information. 
Electric Regulation in North Carolina 
Virginia Power’s retail electric base rates in North Carolina are 
regulated on a cost-of-service/rate-of-return basis subject to North 
Carolina statutes and the rules and procedures of the North Caro-
lina Commission. North Carolina base rates are set by a process 
that allows Virginia Power to recover its operating costs and an 
ROIC. If retail electric earnings exceed the authorized ROE 
established by the North Carolina Commission, retail electric 
rates may be subject to review and possible reduction by the 
North Carolina Commission, which may decrease Virginia Pow-
er’s future earnings. Additionally, if the North Carolina Commis-
sion does not allow recovery of costs incurred in providing service 
on a timely basis, Virginia Power’s future earnings could be neg-
atively impacted. Fuel rates are subject to revision under annual 
fuel cost adjustment proceedings. Recent North Carolina legis-
lation provides Virginia Power the option to apply for a multi-
year rate plan to establish base rates under a performance-based 
rate plan rather than a general rate case. Under this optional 
structure, rates would be set for a multi-year period and be subject 
to revenue decoupling for residential customers, an annual earn-
ings sharing mechanism and performance-based requirements. 
Virginia Power’s transmission service rates in North Carolina 
are regulated by the North Carolina Commission as part of Vir-
ginia Power’s bundled retail service to North Carolina customers. 
See Note 13 to the Consolidated Financial Statements for 
additional information. 
Electric Regulation in South Carolina 
DESC’s retail electric base rates in South Carolina are regulated 
on a cost-of-service/rate-of-return basis subject to South Carolina 
statutes and the rules and procedures of the South Carolina 
Commission. South Carolina base rates are set by a process that 
allows DESC to recover its operating costs and an ROIC. If retail 
electric earnings exceed the authorized ROE established by the 
South Carolina Commission, retail electric rates may be subject to 
review and possible reduction, which may decrease DESC’s future 
earnings. Additionally, if the South Carolina Commission does 

21 
not allow recovery of costs incurred in providing service on a 
timely basis, DESC’s future earnings could be negatively 
impacted. Fuel costs are reviewed annually by the South Carolina 
Commission, as required by statute, and fuel rates are subject to 
revision in these annual fuel proceedings. DESC also submits 
annual filings to the South Carolina Commission for rider recov-
ery related to its DSM programs and pension costs. The DSM 
rider includes recovery of any net lost revenues and for a shared 
savings incentive. 
Pursuant to the SCANA Merger Approval Order, DESC is 
recovering capital costs and a return on capital cost rate base 
related to the NND Project over a 20-year period through a capi-
tal cost rider. The capital cost rider also provides for the return to 
retail electric customers of certain amounts associated with the 
NND Project. Revenue from the capital cost rider component of 
retail electric rates will continue to decline over the 20-year period 
as capital cost rate base is reduced. 
See Note 13 to the Consolidated Financial Statements for 
additional information. 
GAS 
DESC is subject to regulation of rates and other aspects of its 
natural gas distribution service by the South Carolina Commis-
sion. DESC provides retail natural gas service to customers in 
areas in which it has received authorization from the South Caro-
lina Commission and in municipalities in which it holds a fran-
chise. DESC’s base rates can be adjusted annually, pursuant to the 
Natural Gas Rate Stabilization Act, for recovery of costs related to 
natural gas infrastructure. Base rates are set based on the 
cost-of-service by rate class approved by the South Carolina 
Commission in the latest general rate case. Base rates for DESC 
are based primarily on a rate design methodology in which the 
majority of operating costs are recovered through volumetric 
charges. DESC also utilizes a weather normalization adjustment 
to adjust its base rates during the winter billing months for resi-
dential and commercial customers to mitigate the effects of 
unusually cold or warm weather. 
DESC’s natural gas tariffs include a purchased gas adjustment 
that provides for the recovery of prudently incurred gas costs, 
including transportation costs. DESC is authorized to adjust its 
purchased gas rates monthly and makes routine filings with the 
South Carolina Commission to provide notification of changes in 
these rates. Costs that are under or over recovered are deferred as 
regulatory assets or liabilities, respectively, and considered in sub-
sequent purchased gas adjustments. The purchased gas adjust-
ment filings cover a prospective twelve-month period. Increases or 
decreases in purchased gas costs can result in corresponding 
changes in purchased gas adjustment rates and the revenue gen-
erated by those rates. The South Carolina Commission reviews 
DESC’s gas purchasing policies and practices, including its 
administration of the purchased gas adjustment, annually. DESC 
has also received approval from the South Carolina Commission 
to recover gas DSM program costs and a shared savings incentive 
from residential and commercial natural gas customers under a 
rider to retail gas rates. The South Carolina Commission 
approved DESC to recover net lost revenues resulting from the 
gas DSM programs through its annual Natural Gas Rate 
Stabilization Act proceeding. 
See Note 13 to the Consolidated Financial Statements for 
additional information. 
Federal Regulations 
FEDERAL ENERGY REGULATORY COMMISSION 
Under the Federal Power Act, FERC regulates wholesale sales and 
transmission of electricity in interstate commerce by public util-
ities. Virginia Power purchases and, under its market-based rate 
authority, sells electricity in the PJM wholesale market and to 
wholesale purchasers in Virginia and North Carolina. Dominion 
Energy’s nonregulated generators sell electricity in the PJM, 
CAISO and ISO-NE wholesale markets, and to wholesale pur-
chasers in the states of Virginia, North Carolina, Ohio, Con-
necticut, California and South Carolina, under Dominion 
Energy’s market-based sales tariffs authorized by FERC or pur-
suant to FERC authority to sell as a qualified facility. DESC may 
make wholesale sales at market-based rates outside its balancing 
authority pursuant to its market-based sales tariff authorized by 
FERC. In addition, DESC has FERC approved tariffs to sell 
wholesale power at capped rates based on its embedded cost of 
generation. These cost-based sales tariffs could be used to sell to 
loads within or outside DESC’s service territory. Any such sales 
are voluntary. FERC also regulates the issuance of certain secu-
rities by DESC. 
Through June 2022, Virginia Power satisfied its capacity 
requirements as a Fixed Resource Requirement Entity that self-
supplied the capacity needed to serve load. In April 2024, 
Virginia Power notified PJM that it was changing its election to 
satisfy its capacity requirements by returning to PJM’s Reliability 
Pricing Model capacity market, planning to purchase capacity 
rather than satisfying this requirement by self-supplying the 
capacity needed to serve load. This change will become effective 
for the delivery year beginning June 2025. This decision does not 
affect day-to-day operations. 
The Companies are subject to FERC’s Standards of Conduct 
that govern conduct between transmission function employees of 
interstate gas and electricity transmission providers and the mar-
keting function employees of their affiliates. The rule defines the 
scope of transmission and marketing-related functions that are 
covered by the standards and is designed to prevent transmission 
providers from giving their affiliates undue preferences. 
The Companies are also subject to FERC’s affiliate 
restrictions that (1) prohibit power sales between nonregulated 
plants and utility plants without first receiving FERC author-
ization, (2) require the nonregulated and utility plants to conduct 
their wholesale power sales operations separately and (3) prohibit 
utilities from sharing market information with nonregulated plant 
operating personnel. The rules are designed to prohibit utilities 
from giving the nonregulated plants a competitive advantage. 
EPACT included provisions to create an Electric Reliability 
Organization, which is required to promulgate mandatory reli-
ability standards governing the operation of the bulk power sys-
tem in the U.S. FERC has certified NERC as the Electric 
Reliability Organization and also issued an initial order approving 
many reliability standards that went into effect in 2007. Entities 
that violate standards will be subject to fines of up to $1.6 million 
per day, per violation and can also be assessed non-monetary 
penalties, depending upon the nature and severity of the viola-
tion. 

22 
In April 2008, FERC granted an application for Virginia 
Power’s electric transmission operations to establish a forward-
looking formula rate mechanism that updates transmission rates 
on an annual basis and approved an ROE effective as of Jan-
uary 1, 2008. The formula rate is designed to recover the expected 
revenue requirement for each calendar year and is updated based 
on actual costs. The FERC-approved formula method, which is 
based on projected costs, allows Virginia Power to earn a current 
return on its growing investment in electric transmission infra-
structure. 
In October 2011, FERC issued an order approving the settle-
ment of DESC’s formula rate that updates transmission rates on 
an annual basis, including its ROE. The formula rate is designed 
to recover the expected revenue requirement for the calendar year 
and is updated annually based on actual costs. This FERC 
accepted formula rate enables DESC to earn a return on its 
investment in electric transmission infrastructure. 
In February 2021, DESC and the other members of the 
SEEM submitted the Southeast Energy Exchange Market Agree-
ment to FERC for authorization. This agreement sets forth the 
framework and rules for establishing and maintaining a new 
voluntary electronic trading platform designed to enhance the 
existing bilateral market in the Southeast utilizing zero-charge 
transmission service. That transmission service, in turn, will be 
voluntarily provided by participating transmission service pro-
viders, including DESC. In October 2021, the Southeast Energy 
Exchange Market Agreement became effective by operation of law 
as a result of a split FERC vote. The SEEM platform became 
operational in November 2022. Certain parties appealed FERC’s 
authorization of SEEM to the U.S. Court of Appeals for the Dis-
trict of Columbia. In July 2023, the U.S. Court of Appeals for the 
District of Columbia remanded the authorization of SEEM to 
FERC for further proceedings. This matter is pending. 
NUCLEAR REGULATORY COMMISSION 
All aspects of the operation and maintenance of the Companies’ 
nuclear power stations are regulated by the NRC. Operating 
licenses issued by the NRC are subject to revocation, suspension 
or modification, and the operation of a nuclear unit may be sus-
pended if the NRC determines that the public interest, health or 
safety so requires. 
From time to time, the NRC adopts new requirements for the 
operation and maintenance of nuclear facilities. In many cases, 
these new regulations require changes in the design, operation 
and maintenance of existing nuclear facilities. If the NRC adopts 
such requirements in the future, it could result in substantial 
increases in the cost of operating and maintaining the Companies’ 
nuclear generating units. See Note 23 to the Consolidated Finan-
cial Statements for additional information. 
The NRC also requires the Companies to decontaminate their 
nuclear facilities once operations cease. This process is referred to 
as decommissioning, and the Companies are required by the 
NRC to be financially prepared. For information on decom-
missioning trusts, see Dominion Energy Virginia-Nuclear 
Decommissioning, Dominion Energy South Carolina-Nuclear 
Decommissioning, and Contracted Energy-Nuclear Decommission-
ing above and Notes 3 and 9 to the Consolidated Financial 
Statements. See Note 23 to the Consolidated Financial State-
ments for additional information on spent nuclear fuel. 
Cyber Regulations 
The Companies plan and operate their facilities in compliance 
with approved government cyber regulatory requirements. The 
Companies’ employees participate on various regulatory commit-
tees, track the development and implementation of standards and 
maintain proper compliance registration with NERC’s regional 
organizations. The Companies anticipate incurring additional 
compliance expenditures over the next several years because of the 
implementation of new cybersecurity programs such as the 
Transportation Security Administration’s gas sector cyber security 
directives. In addition, NERC continues to develop additional 
requirements specifically regarding supply chain standards and 
control centers that impact the bulk electric system. While the 
Companies expect to incur additional compliance costs in con-
nection with NERC, Transportation Security Administration and 
other governmental agency regulations, such expenses are not 
expected to significantly affect results of operations. 
Safety Regulations 
Dominion Energy is also subject to federal and state pipeline 
safety laws and regulations which set forth numerous operation, 
maintenance and inspection and repair regulations designed to 
ensure the safety and integrity of Dominion Energy’s pipeline and 
storage infrastructure. 
The Companies are subject to a number of federal and state 
laws and regulations, including Occupational Safety and Health 
Administration, and comparable state statutes, whose purpose is 
to protect the health and safety of workers. The Companies have 
an internal safety, health and security program designed to mon-
itor and enforce compliance with worker safety requirements, 
which is routinely reviewed and considered for improvement. The 
Companies believe that they are in material compliance with all 
applicable laws and regulations related to worker health and 
safety. Notwithstanding these preventive measures, incidents may 
occur that are outside of the Companies’ control. 
Environmental Regulations 
Each of the Companies’ operating segments is subject to sub-
stantial laws, regulations and compliance costs with respect to 
environmental matters. In addition to imposing continuing 
compliance obligations, these laws and regulations authorize the 
imposition of significant penalties for noncompliance, including 
fines, injunctive relief and other sanctions. The cost of complying 
with applicable environmental laws, regulations and rules is mate-
rial to the Companies. If compliance expenditures and associated 
operating costs are not recoverable from customers through regu-
lated rates (in regulated businesses) or market prices (in 
unregulated businesses), those costs could adversely affect future 
results of operations and cash flows. The Companies have applied 
for or obtained the necessary environmental permits for the con-
struction and operation of their facilities. Many of these permits 
are subject to reissuance and continuing review. 
GLOBAL CLIMATE CHANGE 
The Companies support a federal climate change program that 
would provide a consistent, economy-wide approach to address-
ing this issue. Regardless of federal action, the Companies are 
seeking to reduce their GHG emissions while meeting the grow-
ing needs of their customers. In 2020, Virginia enacted the 

23 
VCEA which addresses climate change matters such as the reduc-
tion of GHG emissions and renewable energy portfolio standards. 
Dominion Energy’s CEO and executive operational leadership 
within each operating segment are responsible for compliance 
with the laws and regulations governing environmental matters, 
including GHG emissions, and Dominion Energy’s Board of 
Directors receives periodic updates on these matters. See State 
Regulations—Electric—Electric Regulation in Virginia above, 
Environmental Strategy below, Environmental Matters in Future 
Issues and Other Matters in Item 7. MD&A and Notes 13 and 23 
to the Consolidated Financial Statements for additional 
information on climate change legislation and regulation. 
AIR 
The CAA is a comprehensive program utilizing a broad range of 
regulatory tools to protect and preserve the nation’s air quality. 
Regulated emissions include, but are not limited to, carbon, 
methane, VOC, NOX, other GHGs, mercury, other toxic metals, 
hydrogen chloride, SO2 and particulate matter. At a minimum, 
delegated states are required to establish regulatory programs to 
meet applicable requirements of the CAA. However, states may 
choose to develop regulatory programs that are more restrictive. 
Many of the Companies’ facilities are subject to the CAA’s 
permitting and other requirements. 
WATER 
The CWA is a comprehensive program requiring a broad range of 
regulatory tools including a permit program to authorize and 
regulate discharges to surface waters with strong enforcement 
mechanisms. The CWA and analogous state laws impose 
restrictions and strict controls regarding discharges of effluent into 
surface waters and require permits to be obtained from the EPA 
or the analogous state agency for those discharges. Containment 
berms and similar structures may be required to help prevent 
accidental releases. The Companies must comply with applicable 
CWA requirements at their current and former operating facili-
ties. Stormwater related to construction activities is also regulated 
under the CWA and by state and local stormwater management 
and erosion and sediment control laws. From time to time, the 
Companies’ projects and operations may impact tidal and 
non-tidal wetlands. In these instances, the Companies must 
obtain authorization from the appropriate federal, state and local 
agencies prior to impacting wetlands. The authorizing agency 
may impose significant direct or indirect mitigation costs to 
compensate for such impacts to wetlands. 
PROTECTED SPECIES 
The ESA and analogous state laws prohibit activities that can 
result in harm to specific species of plants and animals, as well as 
impacts to the habitat on which those species depend. In addition 
to ESA programs, the Migratory Bird Treaty Act of 1918 and 
Bald and Golden Eagle Protection Act establish broader prohib-
itions on harm to protected birds. Many of the Companies’ facili-
ties are subject to requirements of the ESA, Migratory Bird Treaty 
Act of 1918 and Bald and Golden Eagle Protection Act. The ESA 
and Bald and Golden Eagle Protection Act require potentially 
lengthy coordination with the state and federal agencies to ensure 
potentially affected species are protected. Ultimately, the suite of 
species protections may restrict company activities to certain times 
of year, project modifications may be necessary to avoid harm, or 
a permit may be needed for unavoidable taking of the species. 
The authorizing agency may impose mitigation requirements and 
costs to compensate for harm of a protected species or habitat 
loss. These requirements and time of year restrictions can result in 
adverse impacts on project plans and schedules such that the 
Companies’ businesses may be materially affected. 
Other Regulations 
Other significant environmental regulations to which the Compa-
nies are subject include federal and state laws protecting graves, 
sacred sites, historic sites and cultural resources, including those of 
American Indian tribal nations and tribal communities. These can 
result in compliance and mitigation costs as well as potential 
adverse effects on project plans and schedules such that the 
Companies’ businesses may be materially affected. 
ENVIRONMENTAL STRATEGY 
Dominion Energy is committed to providing reliable, affordable 
and increasingly clean energy every day. Dominion Energy has set 
a goal to achieve net zero carbon and methane Scope 1 and Scope 
2 emissions and material categories of Scope 3 emissions: elec-
tricity purchased to power the grid, fossil fuel purchased for its 
power stations and gas distribution systems and consumption of 
sales gas by natural gas customers by 2050. 
To meet its customers’ needs for reliable, affordable and 
increasingly clean energy every day and to reach net zero emis-
sions, in the near term Dominion Energy has sought and received 
license extensions for its zero-carbon nuclear facilities at Surry and 
North Anna and is expanding wind and solar generation as well as 
energy storage, investing in carbon-beneficial renewable natural 
gas and using low-carbon natural gas to support the integration of 
wind and solar generation facilities as well as energy storage facili-
ties into the grid and requesting offers for responsibly sourced gas 
from those suppliers who are committed to net zero. The strategy 
to meet these objectives consists of three major elements which 
will reduce GHG emissions: 
• 
Increasingly clean energy; 
• 
Innovation and energy infrastructure modernization; and 
• 
Conservation and energy efficiency. 
Over the long term, Dominion Energy’s ability to meet its cus-
tomers’ needs for reliable, affordable and increasingly clean energy 
and achieve net zero emissions will require supportive legislative 
and regulatory policies, advancements in technology and broader 
investments across the economy. Dominion Energy will pursue 
solutions, including pilot programs, of technologies such as large-
scale battery storage, carbon capture and storage, small modular 
reactors and hydrogen if and when they become technologically 
and economically feasible. 
Dominion Energy seeks to build partnerships and engage with 
local communities, stakeholders and customers on environmental 
issues important to them, including considerations such as fair 
treatment, representative involvement and effective communica-
tion. Dominion Energy commits to respectful stakeholder 
engagement on decisions regarding the siting and operation of 
energy infrastructure and strives to include all people and com-
munities, regardless of race, color, national origin or income to 

24 
ensure a variety of views are considered in its public engagement 
process. 
As part of its broader commitment to transparency, Domin-
ion Energy increased its disclosures around carbon and methane 
emissions. Dominion Energy discloses its environmental 
commitments, policies and initiatives in a Sustainability and 
Corporate Responsibility Report as well as a Climate Report in 
addition to other reports included on Dominion Energy’s dedi-
cated Sustainability website. 
Increasingly Clean Energy 
To achieve its net zero commitment while maintaining reliability, 
Dominion Energy utilizes an “all-of-the-above” strategy of 
cleaner, more efficient and lower-emitting methods of generating 
and delivering energy, while advancing measures to continue 
reducing emissions from traditional generation and delivery. 
Diversifying the energy portfolio enables Dominion Energy to 
provide customers with cleaner options while protecting the 
power supply from potential disruption. 
Over the past two decades, Dominion Energy has changed the 
fuel mix it uses to generate electricity to support a cleaner future. 
In addition to reducing GHG emissions, Dominion Energy has 
also achieved measurable reductions of other air pollutants such as 
NOX, SO2 and mercury and reduced the amount of coal ash 
generated and the amount of water withdrawn. Dominion Energy 
achieved GHG and other air pollutant reductions by implement-
ing an integrated approach to environmental stewardship that 
addresses electric energy production and delivery and energy 
management. As part of this effort, Dominion Energy has retired, 
or committed to retire, several of its fossil fuel electric generating 
facilities, including those powered by coal, oil and gas, with the 
replacement of this capacity coming from the development of 
increasingly clean and renewable energy facilities. 
Renewable energy is an important component of an 
“all-of-the-above” strategy designed to meet Dominion Energy’s 
customers’ needs for safe, reliable and affordable energy. As of 
December 31, 2024, Dominion Energy had 2.9 GW of solar 
generation capacity in operation across five states and several 
projects under various stages of development which represented a 
potential generating capacity of approximately 6.8 GW. Domin-
ion Energy has commenced construction of the CVOW 
Commercial Project, expected to be placed in service by the end 
of 2026, along with the CVOW Pilot Project which achieved 
commercial operation in January 2021. As of December 31, 
2024, Virginia Power had energy storage projects under various 
stages of development which represented a potential storage 
capacity of approximately 1.0 GW. 
Preservation of Dominion Energy’s existing carbon-free base-
load nuclear generation is also an important component of 
Dominion Energy’s GHG emissions reduction strategy. Virginia 
Power has received 20-year extensions of the operating licenses for 
its two units at Surry and for its two units at North Anna. In 
addition, DESC has commenced the process to extend the operat-
ing license for one unit at Summer. Dominion Energy also 
intends to commence the process to extend the operating licenses 
for two units at Millstone. 
Dominion Energy expects to operate renewable natural gas 
facilities in collaboration with the Dairy Farmers of America to 
develop projects to capture and convert methane emissions from 
dairy farms. 
See Operating Segments and Item 2. Properties for additional 
information. 
The IRA provides additional incentives designed to encourage 
production of clean energy, reduce carbon emissions, and pro-
mote domestic manufacturing. The IRA significantly extends the 
investment and production tax credits for renewable technologies 
including wind and solar, and expands the qualifying technologies 
to include stand-alone storage, hydrogen, renewable natural gas, 
nuclear and, after 2024, other zero-emissions facilities. The IRA 
supersedes certain prior renewable energy legislation and contains 
a two-tiered credit system applicable to both the production and 
investment tax credits with a lower base credit amount that can be 
increased up to five times if the taxpayer can satisfy certain labor 
requirements. See Note 5 to the Consolidated Financial State-
ments and Future Issues and Other Matters in Item 7. MD&A for 
additional information on the IRA. 
Innovation and Energy Infrastructure Modernization 
One of the pillars of Dominion Energy’s net zero strategy is a 
focus on innovation as a way to advance technology and sustain-
ability. This includes investing in and building upon previously 
proven technology, including large-scale battery storage, hydrogen 
and advanced nuclear technology. Dominion Energy’s capital 
expenditure plan for 2025 through 2029 includes a focus on 
upgrading the electric system in Virginia through investments in 
renewable generation facilities, smart meters, intelligent grid 
devices and associated control systems, physical and cyber security 
investments, strategic undergrounding and energy conservation 
programs. Dominion Energy also plans to upgrade its gas and 
electric transmission and distribution networks and meet 
environmental requirements and standards set by various regu-
latory bodies. These enhancements are aimed at meeting Domin-
ion Energy’s continued goal of providing safe, reliable service 
while addressing increasing electricity consumption, making 
Dominion Energy’s system more responsive to its customers’ 
desire to more efficiently manage their energy consumption and 
transforming its grid to be more adaptive to renewable generation 
resources and battery technologies. 
See Operating Segments for additional information. 
Conservation and Energy Efficiency 
Conservation and load management play a significant role in 
meeting the growing demand for electricity and natural gas, while 
also helping to reduce the environmental footprint of Dominion 
Energy’s customers and lower their bills. Dominion Energy offers 
various efficiency programs designed to reduce energy con-
sumption in Virginia, North Carolina and South Carolina, 
including programs such as: 
• 
Energy audits and assessments; 
• 
Incentives for customers to upgrade or install certain energy 
efficient measures and/or systems; 
• 
Weatherization assistance to help income-eligible customers 
reduce their energy usage; 
• 
Home energy planning, which provides homeowners with a 
step-by-step roadmap to efficiency improvements to reduce 
gas usage; and 

25 
• 
Rebates for installing high-efficiency equipment and qualified 
electric vehicle chargers. 
GHG Emissions 
Dominion Energy continues to make progress on achieving its net 
zero emissions commitment. Through 2023, Dominion Energy 
has reduced direct Scope 1 CO2 equivalent carbon and methane 
emissions by 52%. Through 2023, Dominion Energy has reduced 
direct carbon emissions from electric generation by 53% since 
2005 and reduced methane emissions from its natural gas infra-
structure operations by 50% since 2010. For the purposes of these 
calculations and consistent with GHG Protocol requirements for 
reporting GHG emission reductions over time, both the baseline 
and 2023 emissions data include the gas entities sold in 2024 as 
part of the East Ohio, Questar Gas and PSNC Transactions, and 
exclude Dominion Energy’s 50% noncontrolling interest in Cove 
Point sold in 2023. 
Dominion Energy’s 2024 emissions data is not yet available. 
CORPORATE GHG INVENTORY 
Dominion Energy maintains a comprehensive Corporate GHG 
Inventory, which follows methodologies specified in the EPA’s 
Mandatory GHG Reporting Rule, 40 Code of Federal Regu-
lations Part 98 for calculating emissions, as well as approved 
industry protocols. In its annual Corporate GHG Inventory, 
Dominion Energy voluntarily includes greenhouse gas emission 
estimates from smaller sources that are not required to be 
included under the EPA’s mandatory GHG Reporting Program, 
including smaller electric generation, natural gas compressor sta-
tions and other sources. Dominion Energy’s Corporate GHG 
Inventory also includes emissions sources it voluntarily reports to 
various programs in which it participates. As a result, Dominion 
Energy’s reported GHG emissions in its Corporate GHG 
Inventory are higher than what is reported to the EPA. Dominion 
Energy includes emissions data in its Corporate GHG Inventory 
based on its ownership percentage of the associated assets and for 
the period in which the operations are owned by Dominion 
Energy. 
Total direct Scope 1 CO2 equivalent emissions reported under 
Dominion Energy’s Corporate GHG Inventory were 29.5 million 
metric tons in 2023. Reported CO2 equivalent emissions include 
CO2, CH4, N2O and SF6 emissions from Dominion Energy’s 
electric generation operations, electric transmission and dis-
tribution operations, natural gas operations and corporate oper-
ations. Consistent with its ownership percentage, Dominion 
Energy’s 2023 emissions data reported under its Corporate GHG 
Inventory includes emissions from its 50% noncontrolling inter-
est in Cove Point (through September 2023), as well as the entire 
year of operations for the gas entities sold in 2024 as part of the 
East Ohio, Questar Gas, and PSNC Transactions. 
• 
For Dominion Energy’s electric generation operations, total 
CO2 equivalent emissions were 27.4 million metric tons in 
2023, including 9.2 million metric tons from DESC and 
18.2 million metric tons from Virginia Power. 
• 
For Dominion Energy’s electric transmission and distribution 
operations, direct CO2 equivalent emissions were 0.13 million 
metric tons in 2023. 
• 
For Dominion Energy’s natural gas operations, total CO2 
equivalent emissions were 1.5 million metric tons in 2023, 
including 1.4 million metric tons associated with East Ohio, 
Questar Gas and Wexpro and PSNC. 
• 
For Dominion Energy’s proportional interest in Cove Point’s 
operations, total CO2 equivalent emissions were 0.4 million 
metric tons in 2023. 
• 
For Dominion Energy’s corporate operations, which includes 
renewable natural gas operations and Dominion Privatization 
assets, in addition to building heat and Dominion Energy’s 
vehicle and aviation fleets, total CO2 equivalent emissions 
were 0.09 million metric tons in 2023. 

26 
EPA MANDATORY GHG REPORTING PROGRAM 
Dominion Energy has been reporting GHG emissions, including carbon, methane, N2O and SF6, from its natural gas infrastructure, elec-
tric generation and power delivery operations to the EPA since 2011 under the EPA mandatory GHG Reporting Program. The EPA’s 
mandatory GHG Reporting Program requires annual reporting of emissions from assets operated by Dominion Energy based on full 
equity asset ownership at the end of the calendar year. Dominion Energy’s 2023 GHG emissions reported under various subparts of the 
EPA’s Mandatory GHG Reporting Program as of December 31, 2023, which includes the gas entities sold as part of the East Ohio, Ques-
tar Gas and PSNC Transactions are as follows: 
Natural Gas Operations—2023 Emissions 
Segment 
Subparts W & C 
CH4 Emissions 
Subparts W & C 
CO2 Emissions 
Subparts W & C 
N2O Emissions 
Subparts W & C as 
CO2 Equivalent 
Emissions 
(metric tons) 
Distribution 
29,602 
2,328 
— 
742,378 
Production 
2,238 
16,131 
0.06 
72,098 
Transmission compressor stations 
112 
38,871 
0.07 
41,685 
Gathering and boosting 
2,334 
88,628 
0.17 
147,037 
Storage 
322 
37,060 
0.07 
45,130 
LNG storage 
10 
639 
— 
885 
Total(1) 
34,618 
183,657 
0.38 
1,049,214 
(1) Totals may not foot due to rounding. 
Electric Generation Operations—2023 Emissions 
Company 
Subparts C & D 
CO2 Emissions 
Subparts C & D 
CH4 Emissions 
Subparts C & D 
N2O Emissions 
Subparts C & D 
CH4 Emissions as 
CO2 Equivalent 
Emissions 
Subparts C & D 
N2O Emissions as 
CO2 Equivalent 
Emissions 
Subparts C & D as 
CO2 Equivalent 
Emissions 
(metric tons) 
 
 
Virginia Power(1) 
18,118,397 
843 
115 
21,075 
34,249 
18,173,721 
DESC 
9,007,608 
572 
79 
14,296 
23,540 
9,045,444 
Total(2) 
27,126,005 
1,415 
194 
35,371 
57,789 
27,219,165 
(1) Virginia Power totals include biomass, which were not included in the Corporate GHG inventory. 
(2) Totals may not foot due to rounding. 
Electric Transmission and Distribution Operations—2023 Emissions 
Company 
Subpart DD 
SF6 Emissions 
Subpart DD SF6 as 
CO2 Equivalent 
Emissions 
(metric tons) 
Virginia Power 
4.93 
112,425 
DESC 
0.66 
15,048 
Total(1) 
5.59 
127,473 
(1) Totals may not foot due to rounding. 
Environmental Protection And Monitoring Expenditures 
Dominion Energy incurred $314 million, $269 million and 
$251 million of expenses (including accretion and depreciation) 
during 2024, 2023 and 2022 respectively, in connection with 
environmental protection and monitoring activities. Dominion 
Energy expects these expenses to be approximately $330 million 
and $320 million in 2025 and 2026, respectively. In addition, 
capital expenditures related to environmental controls were 
$216 million, $132 million and $91 million for 2024, 2023 and 
2022, respectively. Dominion Energy expects these expenditures 
to be approximately $200 million and $180 million for 2025 and 
2026, respectively. 

27 
Item 1A. Risk Factors 
The Companies’ businesses are influenced by many factors that are 
difficult to predict, involve uncertainties that may materially affect 
actual results and are often beyond their control. A number of these 
factors have been identified below. For other factors that may cause 
actual results to differ materially from those indicated in any forward-
looking statement or projection contained in this report, see Forward-
Looking Statements in Item 7. MD&A. 
Regulatory, Legislative and Legal Risks 
The rates of the Companies’ principal electric transmission, dis-
tribution and generation operations and gas distribution operations 
are subject to regulatory review. Revenue provided by the Compa-
nies’ electric transmission, distribution and generation operations and 
by gas distribution operations is based primarily on rates approved by 
state and federal regulatory agencies. The profitability of the Compa-
nies’ businesses is dependent on their ability, through the rates that 
they are permitted to charge, to recover costs and earn a reasonable 
rate of return on their capital investment. 
At the federal level, the Companies’ wholesale rates for electric 
transmission service are regulated by FERC. Rates for electric trans-
mission services are updated annually according to a FERC-approved 
formula rate mechanism, and may be subject to additional pro-
spective adjustments and retroactive corrections. A failure by the 
Companies to support these rates or a change in FERC policy could 
result in rate decreases from current rate levels, which could adversely 
affect the Companies’ results of operations, cash flows and financial 
condition. 
At the state level, Virginia Power’s retail base rates, terms and 
conditions for generation and distribution services to customers in 
Virginia are reviewed by the Virginia Commission in a proceeding 
that involves the determination of Virginia Power’s actual earned 
ROE during a historic test period, and the determination of Virginia 
Power’s authorized ROE prospectively. Legislation enacted in 
Virginia in April 2023 reset the frequency of base rate reviews to a 
biennial period commencing with the 2023 Biennial Review. Under 
certain circumstances described in the Regulation Act, Virginia Power 
may be required to refund a portion of its earnings to customers 
through a refund process and to reduce its rates. Virginia Power 
makes assessments throughout the review period and will record a 
regulatory liability for refunds to customers in any period it is 
determined probable, which could be material to the Companies’ 
results of operations in the period recognized and to cash flows on 
completion of any biennial review. 
In states other than Virginia, the Companies’ retail electric base 
rates for generation and distribution services to customers are regu-
lated on a cost-of-service/rate-of-return basis subject to the statutes, 
rules and procedures of such states. Dominion Energy’s rates for gas 
distribution to retail customers are similarly regulated at the state 
level. If retail electric or gas earnings exceed the returns established by 
state utility commissions, retail electric rates or gas rates may be sub-
ject to review and possible reduction, which may decrease the 
Companies’ future earnings. Additionally, if any state utility commis-
sion does not allow recovery through base rates, on a timely basis, of 
costs incurred in providing service, the Company’s future earnings 
could be negatively impacted. 
Under certain circumstances, state utility regulators may impose a 
moratorium on increases to retail base rates for a specified period of 
time, which could delay recovery of costs incurred in providing serv-
ice. Additionally, governmental officials, stakeholders and advocacy 
groups may challenge any of the regulatory reviews or proceedings 
referred to above. Such challenges may lengthen the time, complexity 
and costs associated with such regulatory reviews or proceedings. 
The Companies’ generation business may be negatively affected 
by possible FERC actions that could change market design in the 
wholesale markets or affect pricing rules or revenue calculations in 
the RTO markets. The Companies’ generation stations operating in 
RTO markets sell capacity, energy and ancillary services into whole-
sale electricity markets regulated by FERC. The wholesale markets 
allow these generation stations to take advantage of market price 
opportunities, but also expose them to market risk. Properly 
functioning competitive wholesale markets depend upon FERC’s 
continuation of clearly identified market rules. From time to time 
FERC may investigate and authorize RTOs to make changes in 
market design. FERC also periodically reviews the Companies’ 
authority to sell at market-based rates. Material changes by FERC to 
the design of the wholesale markets or its interpretation of market 
rules, the Companies’ authority to sell power at market-based rates, 
or changes to pricing rules or rules involving revenue calculations, 
could adversely impact the future results of the Companies’ gen-
eration business. For example, in April 2024, FERC issued an order 
that accepted proposed changes to the PJM wholesale capacity market 
that significantly changed how a generation resource’s capacity value 
is calculated and decreased the total amount of capacity recognized in 
the PJM region as eligible to meet reserve requirements. In addition, 
changes to the interpretation and application of FERC’s market 
manipulation rules may occur from time to time. A failure to comply 
with these market manipulation rules could lead to civil and criminal 
penalties. 
The Companies are subject to complex governmental regu-
lation, including tax regulation, that could adversely affect their 
results of operations and subject the Companies to monetary penal-
ties. The Companies’ operations are subject to extensive federal, state 
and local laws and regulations and require numerous permits, appro-
vals and certificates from various governmental agencies. Such laws 
and regulations govern the terms and conditions of the services the 
Companies offer, relationships with affiliates and protection of critical 
electric infrastructure assets, among other matters. The Companies 
are also subject to legislation and associated regulation governing 
taxation at the federal, state and local level. They must also comply 
with environmental legislation and associated regulations. Manage-
ment believes that the necessary approvals have been obtained for 
existing operations and that the businesses are conducted in accord-
ance with applicable laws. The Companies’ businesses are subject to 
regulatory regimes which could result in substantial monetary penal-
ties if either of the Companies is found not to be in compliance, 
including mandatory reliability standards and interaction in the 
wholesale markets. New laws or regulations, the revision or 
reinterpretation of existing laws or regulations, the imposition of new 
tariffs, changes in enforcement practices of regulators, or penalties 
imposed for non-compliance with existing laws or regulations may 
result in substantial additional expense. Adverse developments in tax 
laws, credits or other incentives including changes in legislation, 
administrative interpretations or judicial determinations could result 
in material modifications to business models or otherwise negatively 
affect the Companies’ results of operations, financial condition and/ 
or cash flows. Recent legislative and regulatory changes that are 
impacting the Companies include legislation enacted in Virginia in 
April 2023, the IRA, the VCEA, the 2017 Tax Reform Act and tariffs 
imposed on imported solar panels by the U.S. government in 2018. 
The Companies have been and may continue to be or 
become subject to legal proceedings and governmental inves-
tigations and examinations. The Companies may from time to 

28 
time be subject to various legal proceedings and governmental 
investigations and examinations. For example, Dominion Energy, 
following the SCANA Combination, was subject to numerous 
federal and state legal proceedings and governmental inves-
tigations relating to the decision of SCANA and DESC to aban-
don construction at the NND Project. Dominion Energy spent 
substantial amounts of time and money defending these lawsuits 
and proceedings and on related investigations. In addition, juries 
have demonstrated a willingness to grant large awards in certain 
cases, including personal injury claims. Accordingly, actual costs 
incurred may differ materially from insured or reserved amounts 
and may not be recoverable, in whole or in part, by insurance or 
in rates from customers. The outcome of these or future legal 
proceedings, investigations and examinations, including settle-
ments, may adversely affect the Companies’ financial condition or 
results of operation. 
Environmental Risks 
Compliance with federal and/or state requirements imposing 
limitations on GHG emissions or efficiency improvements, as 
well as Dominion Energy’s commitment to achieve net zero 
carbon and methane emissions by 2050, may result in sig-
nificant compliance costs, could result in certain of the Compa-
nies’ existing electric generation units being uneconomical to 
maintain or operate and may depend upon technological 
advancements which may be beyond the Companies’ control. 
Virginia has adopted the VCEA which establishes renewable 
energy and CO2 reduction targets for Virginia Power’s generation 
fleet and grid operations, including the requirement that 100% of 
Virginia Power’s electricity come from zero-carbon generation by 
the end of 2045. The legislation mandates the development of 
16.1 GW of solar or onshore wind capacity by the end of 2035, 
which includes specific requirements for utility-scale solar of 3.0 
GW by the end of 2024, up to 15.0 GW by the end of 2035 and 
1.1 GW of small-scale solar by the end of 2035. The legislation 
also deems 5.2 GW of offshore wind capacity before 2035 and 
2.7 GW of energy storage by the end of 2035 to be in the public 
interest. The VCEA and related legislation also authorizes 
Virginia to participate in a program consistent with RGGI, 
requiring the purchase of carbon credits to offset emissions from 
Virginia Power’s generating fleet within the state. In January 
2022, the Governor of Virginia issued an executive order which 
put directives in place to start the withdrawal of Virginia from 
RGGI. In December 2023, the withdrawal took effect. Cost 
recovery for these initiatives will require approval by the Virginia 
Commission which may be denied or materially altered to the 
detriment of the Companies. For example, the Companies 
recorded charges in 2022 associated with the Virginia Commis-
sion’s approval in June 2022 of Virginia Power’s petition that 
RGGI compliance costs incurred and unrecovered through July 
2022 be recovered through existing base rates in effect during the 
period incurred. In addition, permitting and other project 
execution challenges may hinder Virginia Power’s ability to meet 
the requirements of the VCEA. The Companies could face similar 
risks if there is further legislation at the federal and/or state level 
mandating additional limitations on GHG emissions or requiring 
additional efficiency improvements. 
In February 2020, Dominion Energy announced its commit-
ment to achieve net zero carbon and methane Scope 1 emissions 
by 2050. In February 2022, Dominion Energy expanded this 
commitment to cover Scope 2 emissions and material categories 
of Scope 3 emissions. To meet this commitment, the Companies 
expect to construct new electric generation facilities, including 
renewable facilities such as wind and solar, and to seek the 
extension of operating licenses for the Companies’ nuclear gen-
eration facilities. The Companies also need to depend on techno-
logical improvements not currently in commercial development. 
Additionally, actions taken in furtherance of Dominion Energy’s 
net zero commitment may impact existing generation facilities, 
including as a result of fuel switching and/or the retirement of 
high-emitting generation facilities and their potential replacement 
with lower-emitting generation facilities. Further, the ability to 
realize this commitment will require the Companies to be able to 
obtain significant financing. These efforts will require approvals 
from various regulatory bodies for the siting and construction of 
such new facilities and a determination by the applicable state 
commissions that costs related to the construction are prudent. 
Given these and other uncertainties associated with the 
implementation of Dominion Energy’s net zero commitment, the 
Companies cannot estimate the aggregate effect of future actions 
taken in furtherance of this commitment on their results of oper-
ations or financial condition or on their customers. However, 
such actions could render additional existing generation facilities 
uneconomical to operate, result in the impairment of assets, or 
otherwise adversely affect the Companies’ results of operations, 
financial performance or liquidity. 
There are also potential impacts on Dominion Energy’s natu-
ral gas business from its net zero emissions commitment as well as 
federal or state GHG regulations which may require further 
GHG emission reductions from the natural gas sector which, in 
addition to resulting in increased costs, could affect demand for 
natural gas. Additionally, GHG requirements could result in 
increased demand for energy conservation and renewable prod-
ucts, which could impact the natural gas business. Dominion 
Energy’s renewable natural gas projects, expected to be a key 
component of Dominion Energy’s environmental strategy, 
require approvals from various regulatory bodies for the siting and 
construction of such facilities. 
The Companies’ operations and construction activities are 
subject to a number of environmental laws and regulations 
which impose significant compliance costs on the Companies. 
The Companies’ operations and construction activities are subject 
to extensive federal, state and local environmental statutes, rules 
and regulations relating to air quality, water quality, waste man-
agement, natural resources, and health and safety. Compliance 
with these legal requirements requires the Companies to commit 
significant capital toward permitting, emission fees, environ-
mental monitoring, installation and operation of environmental 
control equipment and purchase of allowances and/or offsets. 
Additionally, the Companies could be responsible for expenses 
relating to remediation and containment obligations, including at 
sites where they have been identified by a regulatory agency as a 
potentially responsible party. Expenditures relating to environ-
mental compliance have been significant in the past, and the 
Companies expect that they will remain significant in the future. 
Certain facilities have become uneconomical to operate and have 

29 
been shut down, converted to new fuel types or sold. These types 
of events could occur again in the future. 
The Companies expect that existing environmental laws and 
regulations may be revised and/or new laws may be adopted 
including regulation of GHG emissions which could have an 
impact on the Companies’ business (risks relating to regulation of 
GHG emissions from existing fossil fuel-fired electric generating 
units are discussed in more detail above and below). In addition, 
further regulation of air quality and GHG emissions under the 
CAA may be imposed on the natural gas sector. The Companies 
are also subject to federal water and waste regulations, including 
regulations concerning cooling water intake structures, coal 
combustion by-product handling and disposal practices, waste-
water discharges from steam electric generating stations, 
management and disposal of hydraulic fracturing fluids and the 
potential further regulation of polychlorinated biphenyls. 
Compliance costs cannot be estimated with certainty due to 
the inability to predict the requirements and timing of 
implementation of any new environmental rules or regulations. 
Other factors which affect the ability to predict future environ-
mental expenditures with certainty include the difficulty in esti-
mating clean-up costs and quantifying liabilities under 
environmental laws that impose joint and several liabilities on all 
responsible parties. However, such expenditures, if material, could 
make the Companies’ facilities uneconomical to operate, result in 
the impairment of assets, or otherwise adversely affect the 
Companies’ results of operations, financial performance or liquid-
ity. 
The Companies are subject to risks associated with the dis-
posal and storage of coal ash. The Companies historically pro-
duced and continue to produce coal ash, or CCRs, as a 
by-product of their coal-fired generation operations. The ash is 
stored and managed in impoundments (ash ponds) and landfills 
located at 11 different facilities, eight of which are at Virginia 
Power. 
The EPA has issued regulations concerning the management 
and storage of CCRs, which Virginia has adopted. These CCR 
regulations require the Companies to make additional capital 
expenditures and increase operating and maintenance expenses. In 
addition, the Companies will incur expenses and other costs asso-
ciated with closing, corrective action and ongoing monitoring of 
certain ash ponds and landfills. The EPA’s May 2024 final rule 
regulates inactive surface impoundments located at the retired 
generation stations that contained CCR and liquids after 2015, 
and certain other inactive or previously closed surface impound-
ments, landfills or other areas that contain accumulations of 
CCR. The Companies believe that they may have inactive or 
closed units or areas that could be subject to the final rule at up to 
19 different locations, including 12 at Virginia Power. The 
Companies also may face litigation concerning their coal ash 
facilities. 
Further, while the Companies operate their ash ponds and 
landfills in compliance with applicable state safety regulations, a 
release of coal ash with a significant environmental impact could 
result in remediation costs, civil and/or criminal penalties, claims, 
litigation, increased regulation and compliance costs, and reputa-
tional damage, and could impact the financial condition of the 
Companies. 
Construction Risks 
The construction of the CVOW Commercial Project involves 
significant risks. The CVOW Commercial Project is a large-scale, 
complex project that will take several years to complete. Sig-
nificant delays or cost increases, or an inability to recover certain 
project costs, could have an adverse effect on the Companies’ 
financial condition, cash flows and results of operations. If the 
Companies are unable to complete the construction of the 
CVOW Commercial Project or decide in the future to delay or 
cancel the project, the Companies may not be able to recover all 
or a portion of their investment in the project and may incur 
substantial cancellation payments under existing contracts or 
other substantial costs associated with any such delay or cancella-
tion. The Companies’ ability to complete the CVOW Commer-
cial Project within the currently proposed timeline, or at all, and 
consistent with current cost estimates is subject to various risks 
and uncertainties, certain of which are beyond the Companies’ 
control. 
The construction of the CVOW Commercial Project is 
dependent on the Companies’ ability to maintain various local, 
state and federal permits, rights of way and other regulatory 
approvals and authorizations, including Virginia Commission 
approval for rider recovery of project costs. In addition, determi-
nation of costs allocated by PJM to the project for network 
upgrades remains subject to change, even after the CVOW 
Commercial Project is placed in service, as such amounts are 
driven by the ultimate costs of development of the transmission 
lines and related facilities that PJM determines is necessary to 
support various generation facilities within PJM, including the 
CVOW Commercial Project. The final determination of such 
costs is outside the control of the CVOW Commercial Project 
and may be impacted by events affecting the developers of such 
transmission lines, including any increases in costs for permitting, 
inflation, tariffs, supply chain constraints or other factors affecting 
the ultimate costs to complete such facilities. Also, the CVOW 
Commercial Project may become the subject of litigation or other 
forms of intervention by third parties, including stakeholders or 
advocacy groups, that may seek to challenge permits or other 
regulatory approvals received, including for routing of onshore 
electric transmission, which could delay or increase the cost of the 
project. 
The construction of the CVOW Commercial Project is also 
dependent on the ability of certain key suppliers and contractors 
to timely satisfy their obligations under contracts entered into or 
expected to be entered into. Given the unique equipment and 
expertise required for this project, the Companies may not be able 
to remedy in a timely and cost-effective manner, if at all, any fail-
ure by one or more of these suppliers or contractors to timely sat-
isfy their contractual obligations. Certain of the fixed price 
contracts for major offshore construction and equipment compo-
nents are denominated in Euros and Danish kroner. In May 
2022, Virginia Power entered into forward purchase agreements 
with a notional amount of approximately €3.2 billion. Accord-
ingly, to the extent the instruments do not effectively hedge the 
Companies’ exposure to these currencies, including by default of 
the counterparty, adverse fluctuations in the applicable exchange 
rates would likely adversely affect the cost of the CVOW Com-
mercial Project. Similarly, adverse fluctuations in the price of fuel 
used for transportation and installation, would likely adversely 

30 
affect the overall costs to construct the project. In addition, the 
cost of the CVOW Commercial Project could be adversely 
affected by the impact of applicable tariffs, if any. 
The Companies’ ability to recover unforeseen cost increases 
associated with construction of the CVOW Commercial Project 
is potentially limited which could negatively impact the Compa-
nies’ future financial condition, results of operations and/or cash 
flows. In accordance with the Virginia Commission’s December 
2022 order, the Companies are subject to a cost sharing mecha-
nism in which Virginia Power will be eligible to recover 50% of 
such incremental costs which fall between $10.3 billion and 
$11.3 billion with no recovery of such incremental costs which 
fall between $11.3 billion and $13.7 billion. There is no cost 
sharing mechanism for any total construction costs in excess of 
$13.7 billion, the recovery of which would be determined in a 
future Virginia Commission preceding. In addition, the order 
includes enhanced performance reporting provisions for the oper-
ation of the CVOW Commercial Project. To the extent the net 
annual net capacity factor is below 42%, as determined on a 
three-year rolling average, Virginia Power is required to provide 
detailed explanation of the factors contributing to any shortfall to 
the Virginia Commission which could determine in a future 
proceeding a remedy for incremental costs incurred associated 
with any deemed unreasonable or imprudent actions of Virginia 
Power. Any such action by the Virginia Commission could 
adversely impact the Companies’ future financial condition, 
results of operations and/or cash flows. 
The Companies’ ability to invest the significant financial 
resources necessary for the CVOW Commercial Project is 
dependent on the Companies’ access to the financial markets in a 
timely and cost-effective manner. A decline in the Companies’ 
credit worthiness, an unfavorable market reputation of either the 
Companies or their industry or general market disruptions could 
adversely impact financing costs and increase the overall cost of 
the project. 
In October 2024, Virginia Power completed the sale of a 50% 
noncontrolling interest to Stonepeak. Virginia Power and Stone-
peak will each contribute 50% of the remaining capital necessary 
to fund construction of the CVOW Commercial Project provided 
the total project cost, excluding financing costs, is less than 
$11.3 billion. For capital funding necessary, if any, for total proj-
ect costs, excluding financing costs, of $11.3 billion through 
$13.7 billion, Stonepeak will have the option to make additional 
capital contributions. If Stonepeak elects to make additional capi-
tal contributions for project costs, excluding financing costs, in 
excess of $11.3 billion, if any, Virginia Power shall contribute 
between 67% and 83% of such capital with Stonepeak con-
tributing the remainder. To the extent that Stonepeak elects not to 
make such contributions, Virginia Power shall receive an increase 
in its ownership percentage of OSWP for any contributed capital 
based on a tiered unit price for membership interests in OSWP as 
set forth in the agreement. Virginia Power and Stonepeak have the 
right to provide capital contributions for any total project costs, 
excluding financing costs, in excess of $13.7 billion. The inability 
of Stonepeak to satisfy its share of funding requirements in a 
timely manner could have a negative effect on the Companies. In 
addition, Stonepeak’s interests and objectives may differ from 
those of the Companies and, accordingly, disputes may arise that 
may result in delays, litigation or operational impasses. 
The construction of the CVOW Commercial Project involves 
the use of evolving turbine technology and takes place in a marine 
environment, which presents unique challenges and requires the 
use of a specialized workforce and specialized equipment. In addi-
tion, the timely installation of the turbines is dependent on the 
completion and availability of a Jones Act compliant vessel cur-
rently under construction. 
The timeline for construction of the CVOW Commercial 
Project may also be negatively impacted by severe weather events 
or marine wildlife, including migration patterns of endangered 
and protected species, both of which are outside of the control of 
the Companies and their contractors. 
The Companies’ infrastructure build and expansion plans 
often require regulatory approval, including environmental 
permits, before commencing construction and completing proj-
ects. The Companies may not complete the facility con-
struction, conversion or other infrastructure projects that they 
commence, or they may complete projects on materially differ-
ent terms, costs or timing than initially estimated or anticipated, 
and they may not be able to achieve the intended benefits of any 
such project, if completed. A number of large- and small-scale 
projects have been announced, including the CVOW Commer-
cial Project, electric transmission lines, facility expansions or 
renewed licensing, conversions and other infrastructure develop-
ments or construction. Additional projects may be considered in 
the future, such as those necessary to meet the projected demand 
growth driven by data centers and artificial intelligence, including 
to address the concentration of data centers primarily in Loudoun 
County, Virginia. The Companies compete for projects with 
companies of varying size and financial capabilities, including 
some that may have competitive advantages. Commencing con-
struction on announced and future projects may require approvals 
from applicable state and federal agencies, and such approvals 
could include mitigation costs which may be material to the 
Companies. Projects may not be able to be completed on time or 
in accordance with estimated costs as a result of weather con-
ditions, need for new land and right of ways, delays in obtaining 
or failure to obtain regulatory and other, including PJM, appro-
vals, changes in laws or regulations, delays in obtaining key 
materials, labor difficulties, difficulties with partners or potential 
partners, concerns raised during stakeholder engagement, a 
decline in the credit strength of counterparties or vendors, 
inflation, the impact of applicable tariffs or other factors beyond 
the Companies’ control. For example, Dominion Energy has been 
involved with projects which have experienced certain delays in 
obtaining and maintaining permits necessary for construction 
along with construction delays due to judicial actions which 
impacted the cost and schedule such as the Atlantic Coast Pipe-
line Project and ultimately led to its cancellation in July 2020. 
Even if facility construction, expansion, electric transmission line, 
conversion and other infrastructure projects are completed, the 
total costs of the projects may be higher than anticipated and the 
performance of the business of the Companies following com-
pletion of the projects may not meet expectations. 
Start-up and operational issues can arise in connection with 
the commencement of commercial operations at the Companies’ 
facilities. Such issues may include failure to meet specific operat-
ing parameters, which may require adjustments to meet or amend 
these operating parameters. Additionally, the Companies may not 
be able to timely and effectively integrate the projects into their 

operations and such integration may result in unforeseen operat-
ing difficulties or unanticipated costs. Any delays in the timely 
completion of necessary PJM interconnection projects for new 
electric generation facilities under development by Virginia 
Power, including the CVOW Commercial Project, may result in 
capacity constraints if, and until, such projects are completed. 
Further, regulators may disallow recovery of some of the costs of a 
project if they are deemed not to be prudently incurred. Any of 
these or other factors could adversely affect the Companies’ ability 
to realize the anticipated benefits from the facility construction, 
electric transmission line, expansion, conversion and other infra-
structure projects. 
The development, construction and commissioning of several 
large-scale infrastructure projects simultaneously involves sig-
nificant execution risk. To achieve Dominion Energy’s commit-
ment to net zero emissions by 2050 and comply with the 
requirements of the VCEA, the Companies are currently simulta-
neously developing or constructing several electric generation proj-
ects, including subsequent license renewal projects at Surry and 
North Anna, the CVOW Commercial Project, several electric 
transmission projects and various solar projects. Several of the 
Companies’ key projects are increasingly large-scale, complex and 
being constructed in constrained geographic areas or in unfamiliar 
environments such as the marine environment for the CVOW 
Commercial Project. The advancement of the Companies’ ven-
tures is also affected by the interventions, litigation or other activ-
ities of stakeholder and advocacy groups, some of which oppose 
natural gas-related and energy infrastructure projects. For example, 
certain stakeholder groups oppose solar farms due to the increasing 
quantities of land tracts required for these facilities. Similarly, cer-
tain stakeholder groups oppose new natural gas generation facili-
ties, such as the proposed Chesterfield Energy Reliability Center. 
Given that these projects provide the foundation for the Compa-
nies’ strategic growth plan and to meet projected growth, if the 
Companies are unable to obtain or maintain the required regu-
latory and other, including PJM, approvals, develop the necessary 
technical expertise, allocate and coordinate sufficient resources, 
adhere to budgets and timelines, effectively handle public outreach 
efforts, including its commitment to fair treatment, community 
involvement and effective communication, or otherwise fail to 
successfully execute the projects, there could be an adverse impact 
to the Companies’ financial position, results of operations and cash 
flows. Failure to comply with regulatory approval conditions or an 
adverse ruling in any future litigation could adversely affect the 
Companies’ ability to execute their business plan. 
The Companies are dependent on their contractors for the 
successful and timely completion of large-scale infrastructure 
projects. The construction of such projects is expected to take 
several years, is typically confined within a limited geographic area 
or difficult environments and could be subject to delays, supply 
chain disruption, cost overruns, inflation, labor disputes or short-
ages and other factors that could cause the total cost of the project 
to exceed the anticipated amount and adversely affect the 
Companies’ financial performance and/or impair the Companies’ 
ability to execute the business plan for the project as scheduled. 
Further, an inability to obtain financing or otherwise provide 
liquidity for the projects on acceptable terms could negatively 
affect the Companies’ financial condition, cash flows, the proj-
ects’ anticipated financial results and/or impair the Companies’ 
ability to execute the business plan for the projects as scheduled. 
Operational Risks 
The Companies’ financial performance and condition can be 
affected by changes in the weather, including the effects of 
global climate change. Fluctuations in weather can affect demand 
for the Companies’ services. For example, milder than normal 
weather can reduce demand for electricity and gas distribution 
services. In addition, severe weather or acts of nature, including 
hurricanes, winter storms, wildfires, earthquakes, floods and other 
natural disasters can stress systems, disrupt operation of the 
Companies’ facilities and cause service outages, production delays 
and property damage that require incurring additional expenses. 
Changes in weather conditions can result in reduced water levels 
or changes in water temperatures that could adversely affect oper-
ations at some of the Companies’ power stations. Furthermore, 
the Companies’ operations could be adversely affected and their 
physical plant placed at greater risk of damage should changes in 
global climate produce, among other possible conditions, unusual 
variations in temperature and weather patterns, resulting in more 
intense, frequent and extreme weather events, abnormal levels of 
precipitation and, for operations located on or near coastlines, a 
change in sea level or sea temperatures. Due to the location of the 
Companies’ electric utility service territories and a number of its 
other facilities in the eastern portions of the states of South Caro-
lina, North Carolina and Virginia which are frequently in the 
path of hurricanes, the Companies experience the consequences of 
these weather events to a greater degree than many industry peers. 
Hostile cyber intrusions could severely impair the Compa-
nies’ operations, lead to the disclosure of confidential 
information, damage the reputation of the Companies and 
otherwise have an adverse effect on the Companies’ business. 
The Companies own assets deemed as critical infrastructure, the 
operation of which is dependent on information technology sys-
tems. Further, the computer systems that run the Companies’ 
facilities are not completely isolated from external networks. 
There appears to be an increasing level of activity, sophistication 
and maturity of threat actors, in particular nation state actors, 
that wish to disrupt the U.S. bulk power system and the U.S. gas 
transmission or distribution system. Such parties could view the 
Companies’ computer systems, software or networks as attractive 
targets for cyber attack. For example, malware has been designed 
to target software that runs the nation’s critical infrastructure such 
as power transmission grids and gas pipelines. In addition, the 
techniques used in cyber attacks evolve rapidly, including from 
emerging technologies, such as advanced forms of automation 
and artificial intelligence. The Companies’ businesses also require 
that they and their vendors collect and maintain sensitive 
customer data, as well as confidential employee and shareholder 
information, which is subject to electronic theft or loss. 
A successful cyber attack through third-party or insider action 
on the systems that control the Companies’ electric generation, 
electric transmission, electric distribution or gas distribution assets 
could severely disrupt business operations, preventing the 
Companies from serving customers or collecting revenues. The 
breach of certain business systems could affect the Companies’ 
ability to correctly record, process and report financial 
information. A major cyber incident could result in significant 
expenses to investigate and repair security breaches or system 
damage and could lead to litigation, fines, other remedial action, 
heightened regulatory scrutiny and damage to the Companies’ 
31 

reputation. In addition, the misappropriation, corruption or loss 
of personally identifiable information and other confidential data 
at the Companies or one of their vendors could lead to significant 
breach notification expenses and mitigation expenses such as 
credit monitoring. If a significant breach were to occur, the 
reputation of the Companies also could be adversely affected. 
While the Companies maintain property and casualty insurance, 
along with other contractual provisions, that may cover certain 
damage caused by potential cyber incidents, all damage and 
claims arising from such incidents may not be covered or may 
exceed the amount of any insurance available. For these reasons, a 
significant cyber incident could materially and adversely affect the 
Companies’ business, financial condition and results of oper-
ations. 
The Companies’ financial results can be adversely affected 
by various factors driving supply and demand for electricity and 
related services. Demand for the Companies’ services can be 
driven by changing populations within its utility service terri-
tories, significant new commercial or industrial customers or 
other changes in consumer habits. For example, data centers in 
Virginia Power’s service territory, particularly in Loudoun 
County, Virginia, have been a source of significant increase in 
demand which is expected to continue over the next decade. 
Technological advances may enhance energy efficiency in end-use 
devices, including lighting, furnaces and electric heat pumps and 
could lead to declines in per capita energy consumption. 
Additionally, regulatory and/or legislative bodies could introduce 
requirements and/or incentives to reduce energy consumption. 
Consumer demand for the Companies’ services may also be 
impacted by any price increases, including those driven by factors 
beyond the Companies’ control such as inflation or increased 
prices in natural gas. Further, Virginia Power’s business model is 
premised upon the cost efficiency of the production, transmission 
and distribution of large-scale centralized utility generation. 
However, advances in distributed generation technologies, such as 
solar cells, gas microturbines, battery storage and fuel cells, may 
make these alternative generation methods competitive with large-
scale utility generation, and change how customers acquire or use 
the Companies’ services. The widescale implementation of alter-
native generation methods could negatively impact the reliability 
of the Companies’ electric grid and/or result in significant costs to 
enhance the grid. Virginia Power has an exclusive franchise to 
serve retail electric customers in Virginia. However, Virginia’s 
Retail Access Statutes allow certain electric generation customers 
exceptions to this franchise. As market conditions change, 
Virginia Power’s customers may further pursue exceptions and 
Virginia Power’s exclusive franchise may erode. 
Increased energy demand or significant accelerated growth in 
demand due to new data centers, expanded use of artificial 
intelligence, widespread adoption of electric vehicles or other 
customer changes could require enhancements to the Companies’ 
infrastructure. As discussed above, the ability of the Companies to 
construct new facilities is dependent upon factors outside of their 
control, including obtaining regulatory approvals, environmental 
and other permits. Any delays in, or inability to complete, con-
struction of new facilities or expand and/or renew existing facili-
ties could have an adverse effect on the Companies’ financial 
results. In addition, purchased power from PJM or others may be 
from generation sources which emit more emissions than the 
Companies’ facilities, which could negatively impact Dominion 
Energy’s ability to meet its commitment to net zero emissions. 
Alternatively, reduced energy demand or significantly slowed 
growth in demand due to customer adoption of energy efficient 
technology, conservation, distributed generation, regional 
economic conditions, or the impact of additional compliance 
obligations, unless substantially offset through regulatory cost 
allocations, could adversely impact the value of the Companies’ 
business activities. 
The Companies’ operations are subject to operational haz-
ards, equipment failures, supply chain disruptions and personnel 
issues which could negatively affect the Companies. Operation 
of the Companies’ facilities involves risk, including the risk of 
potential breakdown or failure of equipment or processes due to 
aging infrastructure, fuel supply, pipeline integrity or trans-
portation disruptions, accidents, labor disputes or work stoppages 
by employees, acts of terrorism or sabotage, construction delays or 
cost overruns, shortages of or delays in obtaining equipment, 
material and labor, operational restrictions resulting from 
environmental limitations and governmental interventions, 
changes to the environment and performance below expected 
levels. The Companies’ businesses are dependent upon sophisti-
cated information technology systems and network infrastructure, 
the failure of which could prevent them from accomplishing crit-
ical business functions. Because the Companies’ transmission 
facilities, pipelines and other facilities are interconnected with 
those of third parties, the operation of their facilities and pipelines 
could be adversely affected by unexpected or uncontrollable 
events occurring on the systems of such third parties. 
Operation of the Companies’ facilities below expected capacity 
levels could result in lost revenues and increased expenses, includ-
ing higher maintenance costs. Unplanned outages of the Compa-
nies’ facilities and extensions of scheduled outages due to 
mechanical failures or other problems occur from time to time and 
are an inherent risk of the Companies’ business. Unplanned out-
ages typically increase the Companies’ operation and maintenance 
expenses and may reduce their revenues as a result of selling less 
output or may require the Companies to incur significant costs as a 
result of operating higher cost units or obtaining replacement 
output from third parties in the open market to satisfy forward 
energy and capacity or other contractual obligations. Moreover, if 
the Companies are unable to perform their contractual obligations, 
penalties or liability for damages could result. 
In addition, there are many risks associated with the Compa-
nies’ principal operations including nuclear accidents, fires, 
explosions, uncontrolled release of natural gas and other 
environmental hazards, pole strikes, electric contact cases, the 
collision of third party equipment with pipelines and avian and 
other wildlife impacts. Such incidents could result in loss of 
human life or injuries among employees, customers or the public 
in general, environmental pollution, damage or destruction of 
facilities or business interruptions and associated public or 
employee safety impacts, loss of revenues, increased liabilities, 
heightened regulatory scrutiny and reputational risk. Further, the 
location of electric generation, transmission, substations and dis-
tribution facilities or natural gas distribution facilities near popu-
lated areas, including residential areas, commercial business 
centers and industrial sites, could increase the level of damages 
resulting from these risks. 
32 

The Companies conduct certain operations through 
partnership arrangements involving third-party investors which 
may limit the Companies’ operational flexibility or result in an 
adverse impact on its financial results. Certain of the Companies’ 
operations, including the CVOW Commercial Project, are con-
ducted through entities subject to partnership arrangements 
under which Dominion Energy or Virginia Power has significant 
influence but does not control the operations of such entities or in 
which Dominion Energy or Virginia Power’s control over such 
entities may be subject to certain rights of third-party investors. 
Accordingly, while Dominion Energy or Virginia Power may 
have a certain level of control or influence over these entities, it 
may not have unilateral, or any, control over the day-to-day oper-
ations of these entities or over decisions that may have a material 
financial impact on the partnership participants, including the 
Companies. In each case such partnership arrangements operate 
in accordance with their respective governance documents, and 
the Companies are dependent upon third parties satisfying their 
respective obligations, including, as applicable, funding of their 
required share of capital expenditures. Such third-party investors 
have their own interests and objectives which may differ from 
those of the Companies and, accordingly, disputes may arise 
amongst the owners of such partnership arrangements that may 
result in delays, litigation or operational impasses. 
The Companies may be materially adversely affected by 
negative publicity or the inability of Dominion Energy to meet 
its stated commitments. From time to time, political and public 
sentiment may result in a significant amount of adverse press 
coverage and other adverse public statements affecting the 
Companies. Any failure by Dominion Energy to realize its com-
mitments to achieve net zero carbon and methane emissions by 
2050, enhance the customer experience or other long-term goals 
could lead to adverse press coverage and other adverse public 
statements affecting the Companies. The ability to comply with 
some or all of Dominion Energy’s voluntary commitments may 
be outside of its control. For example, the ability to reduce emis-
sions while meeting the Companies’ increasing demand growth is 
expected to be dependent on the technological and economic 
feasibility of large-scale battery storage, carbon capture and stor-
age, small modular reactors, hydrogen and/or other clean energy 
technologies. Dominion Energy is also dependent on the actions 
of third parties to meet the expanded commitment regarding 
Scope 2 emissions and Scope 3 emissions. If downstream custom-
ers or upstream suppliers do not sufficiently reduce their GHG 
emissions, Dominion Energy may not achieve its net zero emis-
sions goal. In addition, while the Atlantic Coast Pipeline Project 
was cancelled in July 2020 and the legal proceedings and gov-
ernmental investigations relating to the abandonment of the 
NND Project have been resolved, there is a risk that lingering 
negative publicity may continue. Adverse press coverage and other 
adverse statements, whether or not driven by political or public 
sentiment, may also result in investigations by regulators, legis-
lators and law enforcement officials or in legal claims as well as 
adverse outcomes. 
Addressing any adverse publicity, governmental scrutiny or 
enforcement or other legal proceedings is time consuming and 
expensive and, regardless of the factual basis for the assertions 
being made, can have a negative impact on the reputation of the 
Companies, on the morale and performance of their employees 
and on their relationships with their respective regulators, custom-
ers and commercial counterparties. It may also have a negative 
impact on the Companies’ ability to take timely advantage of 
various business and market opportunities. The direct and 
indirect effects of negative publicity, and the demands of respond-
ing to and addressing it, may have a material adverse effect on the 
Companies’ business, financial condition and results of oper-
ations. 
Dominion Energy’s nonregulated generation business oper-
ates in a challenging market, which could adversely affect its 
results of operations and future growth. The success of Domin-
ion Energy’s contracted generation business depends upon favor-
able market conditions including the ability to sell power at prices 
sufficient to cover its operating costs. Dominion Energy operates 
in active wholesale markets that expose it to price volatility for 
electricity and nuclear fuel as well as the credit risk of counter-
parties. Dominion Energy attempts to manage its price risk by 
entering into long-term power purchase agreements with custom-
ers as well as hedging transactions, including short-term and long-
term fixed price sales and purchase contracts. The failure of 
Dominion Energy to maintain, renew or replace its existing long-
term contracts on similar terms or with counterparties with sim-
ilar credit profiles could result in a loss of revenue and/or 
decreased earnings and cash flows for Dominion Energy. 
In these wholesale markets, the spot market price of electricity 
for each hour is generally determined by the cost of supplying the 
next unit of electricity to the market during that hour. In many 
cases, the next unit of electricity supplied would be provided by 
generating stations that consume fossil fuels, primarily natural 
gas. Consequently, the open market wholesale price for electricity 
generally reflects the cost of natural gas plus the cost to convert 
the fuel to electricity. Therefore, changes in the price of natural 
gas generally affect the open market wholesale price of electricity. 
To the extent Dominion Energy does not enter into long-term 
power purchase agreements or otherwise effectively hedge its 
output, these changes in market prices could adversely affect its 
financial results. 
Dominion Energy purchases nuclear fuel primarily under 
long-term contracts. Dominion Energy is exposed to nuclear fuel 
cost volatility for the portion of its nuclear fuel obtained through 
short-term contracts or on the spot market, including as a result 
of market supply shortages. Nuclear fuel prices can be volatile and 
the price that can be obtained for power produced may not 
change at the same rate as nuclear fuel costs, thus adversely 
impacting Dominion Energy’s financial results. In addition, in 
the event that any of the contracted generation facilities experi-
ence a forced outage, Dominion Energy may not receive the level 
of revenue it anticipated. 
War, acts and threats of terrorism, intentional acts and other 
significant events could adversely affect the Companies’ oper-
ations. The Companies cannot predict the impact that any future 
terrorist attacks or retaliatory military or other action may have on 
the energy industry in general or on the Companies’ businesses in 
particular. Any such future attacks or retaliatory action may 
adversely affect the Companies’ operations in a variety of ways, 
including by disrupting the power, fuel and other markets in 
which the Companies operate or requiring the implementation of 
additional, more costly security guidelines and measures. The 
Companies’ infrastructure facilities, including nuclear facilities 
33 

and projects under construction, could be direct targets or 
indirect casualties of an act of terror or other physical attack. Any 
physical compromise of the Companies’ facilities could adversely 
affect the Companies’ ability to generate, purchase, transmit or 
distribute electricity, distribute natural gas or otherwise operate 
their respective facilities in the most efficient manner or at all. For 
example, in December 2022 electric utilities in North Carolina 
and Washington experienced physical attacks on substations with 
the damage causing power outages. In addition, the amount and 
scope of insurance coverage maintained against losses resulting 
from any such attack may not be sufficient to cover such losses or 
otherwise adequately compensate for any business disruptions that 
could result. 
Instability in financial markets as a result of terrorism, war, 
intentional acts, pandemic, credit crises, recession or other factors 
could result in a significant decline in the U.S. economy and/or 
increase the cost or limit the availability of insurance or adversely 
impact the Companies’ ability to access capital on acceptable 
terms. 
Failure to attract and retain key executive officers and an 
appropriately qualified workforce could have an adverse effect 
on the Companies’ operations. The Companies’ business strategy 
is dependent on their ability to recruit, retain and motivate 
employees. The Companies’ key executive officers are the CEO, 
CFO, COO and presidents and those responsible for financial, 
operational, legal, regulatory, accounting, tax, information tech-
nology and cybersecurity functions. Competition for skilled 
management employees in these areas of the Companies’ business 
operations is high. Certain events, such as an aging workforce, 
mismatch of skill set, or unavailability of contract resources may 
lead to operating challenges and increased costs. The challenges 
include lack of resources, loss of knowledge base and the length of 
time required for skill development. In this case, costs, including 
costs for contractors to replace employees, productivity costs and 
safety costs, may rise. Failure to hire and adequately train 
replacement employees, including the transfer of significant 
internal historical knowledge and expertise to new employees, or 
future availability and cost of contract labor may adversely affect 
the ability to manage and operate the Companies’ business. In 
addition, certain specialized knowledge is required of the 
Companies’ technical employees for construction and operation 
of transmission, generation and distribution assets. The Compa-
nies’ inability to attract and retain these employees could 
adversely affect their business and future operating results. 
Nuclear Generation Risks 
The Companies have substantial ownership interests in and 
operate nuclear generating units; as a result, each may incur 
substantial costs and liabilities. The Companies’ nuclear facilities 
are subject to operational, environmental, health and financial 
risks such as the on-site storage of spent nuclear fuel, the ability to 
dispose of such spent nuclear fuel, the ability to maintain 
adequate reserves for decommissioning, limitations on the 
amounts and types of insurance available, potential operational 
liabilities and extended outages, the costs of replacement power, 
the costs of maintenance and the costs of securing the facilities 
against possible terrorist attacks. The Companies maintain 
decommissioning trusts and external insurance coverage to mini-
mize the financial exposure to these risks; however, it is possible 
that future decommissioning costs could exceed amounts in the 
decommissioning trusts and/or damages could exceed the amount 
of insurance coverage. If the Companies’ decommissioning trust 
funds are insufficient, and they are not allowed to recover the 
additional costs incurred through insurance or regulatory mecha-
nisms, their results of operations could be negatively impacted. 
The Companies’ nuclear facilities are also subject to complex 
government regulation which could negatively impact their results 
of operations. The NRC has broad authority under federal law to 
impose licensing and safety-related requirements for the operation 
of nuclear generating facilities. In the event of noncompliance, 
the NRC has the authority to impose fines, set license conditions, 
shut down a nuclear unit, or take some combination of these 
actions, depending on its assessment of the severity of the sit-
uation, until compliance is achieved. Revised safety requirements 
promulgated by the NRC could require the Companies to make 
substantial expenditures at their nuclear plants. In addition, 
although the Companies have no reason to anticipate a serious 
nuclear incident at their plants, if an incident did occur, it could 
materially and adversely affect their results of operations and/or 
financial condition. A major incident at a nuclear facility any-
where in the world, such as the nuclear events in Japan in 2011, 
could cause the NRC to adopt increased safety regulations or 
otherwise limit or restrict the operation or licensing of domestic 
nuclear units. 
Financial, Economic and Market Risks 
Changing rating agency requirements could negatively affect the 
Companies’ growth and business strategy. In order to maintain 
appropriate credit ratings to obtain needed credit at a reasonable 
cost in light of existing or future rating agency requirements, the 
Companies may find it necessary to take steps or change their 
business plans in ways that may adversely affect their growth and 
earnings. A reduction in the Companies’ credit ratings could 
result in an increase in borrowing costs, loss of access to certain 
markets, or both, thus adversely affecting operating results and 
could require the Companies to post additional collateral in 
connection with some of its price risk management activities. 
An inability to access financial markets and, in the case of 
Dominion Energy, obtain cash from subsidiaries could adversely 
affect the execution of the Companies’ business plans. The 
Companies rely on access to short-term money markets and 
longer-term capital markets as significant sources of funding and 
liquidity for business plans with increasing capital expenditure 
needs, normal working capital and collateral requirements related 
to hedges of future sales and purchases of energy-related commod-
ities. Deterioration in the Companies’ creditworthiness, as eval-
uated by credit rating agencies or otherwise, or declines in market 
reputation either for the Companies or their industry in general, or 
general financial market disruptions outside of the Companies’ 
control could increase their cost of borrowing or restrict their abil-
ity to access one or more financial markets. Market disruptions 
could stem from general market disruption due to general credit 
market or political events, the reform or replacement of bench-
mark rates, the failure of financial institutions on which the 
Companies rely or the bankruptcy of an unrelated company. 
Increased costs and restrictions on the Companies’ ability to access 
financial markets may be severe enough to affect their ability to 
execute their business plans as scheduled. 
34 

Dominion Energy is a holding company that conducts all of 
its operations through its subsidiaries. Accordingly, Dominion 
Energy’s ability to execute its business plan is further subject to 
the earnings and cash flows of its subsidiaries and the ability of its 
subsidiaries to pay dividends or advance or repay funds to it, 
which may, from time to time, be subject to certain contractual 
restrictions or restrictions imposed by regulators. 
Market performance, interest rates and other changes may 
decrease the value of the Companies’ decommissioning trust 
funds and Dominion Energy’s benefit plan assets or increase 
Dominion Energy’s liabilities, which could then require sig-
nificant additional funding. The performance of the capital 
markets affects the value of the assets that are held in trusts to 
satisfy future obligations to decommission the Companies’ 
nuclear plants and under Dominion Energy’s pension and other 
postretirement benefit plans. The Companies have significant 
obligations in these areas and hold significant assets in these 
trusts. These assets are subject to market fluctuation and will yield 
uncertain returns, which may fall below expected return rates. 
With respect to decommissioning trust funds, a decline in the 
market value of these assets may increase the funding require-
ments of the obligations to decommission the Companies’ nuclear 
plants or require additional NRC-approved funding assurance. 
A decline in the market value of the assets held in trusts to 
satisfy future obligations under Dominion Energy’s pension and 
other postretirement benefit plans may increase the funding 
requirements under such plans. Additionally, changes in interest 
rates will affect the liabilities under Dominion Energy’s pension 
and other postretirement benefit plans; as interest rates decrease, 
the liabilities increase, potentially requiring additional funding. 
Further, changes in demographics, including increased numbers 
of retirements or changes in mortality assumptions, may also 
increase the funding requirements of the obligations related to the 
pension and other postretirement benefit plans. 
If the decommissioning trust funds and benefit plan assets are 
negatively impacted by market fluctuations or other factors, the 
Companies’ results of operations, financial condition and/or cash 
flows could be negatively affected. 
The use of derivative instruments could result in financial 
losses and liquidity constraints. The Companies use derivative 
instruments, including futures, swaps, forwards, options and 
FTRs, to manage commodity, interest rate and/or foreign cur-
rency exchange rate risks. 
The Dodd-Frank Act was enacted into law in July 2010 in an 
effort to improve regulation of financial markets. The CEA, as 
amended by Title VII of the Dodd-Frank Act, requires certain 
over-the-counter derivatives, or swaps, to be cleared through a 
derivatives clearing organization and, if the swap is subject to a 
clearing requirement, to be executed on a designated contract 
market or swap execution facility. Non-financial entities that use 
swaps to hedge or mitigate commercial risk, often referred to as 
end users, may elect the end-user exception to the CEA’s clearing 
requirements. The Companies have elected to exempt their swaps 
from the CEA’s clearing requirements. If, as a result of changes to 
the rulemaking process, the Companies’ derivative activities are 
not exempted from the clearing, exchange trading or margin 
requirements, the Companies could be subject to higher costs due 
to decreased market liquidity or increased margin payments. In 
addition, the Companies’ swap dealer counterparties may attempt 
to pass-through additional trading costs in connection with 
changes to or the elimination of rulemaking that implements 
Title VII of the Dodd-Frank Act. 
Future impairments of goodwill or other intangible assets or 
long-lived assets may have a material adverse effect on the 
Companies’ results of operations. Goodwill is evaluated for 
impairment annually or more frequently if an event or circum-
stance occurs that would more likely than not reduce the fair 
value of a reporting unit below its carrying amount. Other 
intangible assets and long-lived assets are evaluated for impair-
ment on an annual basis or more frequently whenever events or 
circumstances indicate that an asset’s carrying value may not be 
recoverable. If Dominion Energy’s goodwill or the Companies’ 
other intangible assets or long-lived assets are in the future 
determined to be impaired, the applicable registrant would be 
required during the period in which the impairment is 
determined to record a noncash charge to earnings that may have 
a material adverse effect on the registrant’s results of operations. 
For example, in the fourth quarter of 2022, Dominion Energy 
determined that its nonregulated solar generation assets within 
Contracted Energy were impaired, resulting in a $685 million 
after-tax charge. In addition, Dominion Energy recorded an 
aggregate $309 million after-tax charge in the fourth quarter of 
2023 and first quarter of 2024 for the impairment of certain 
goodwill associated with the Questar Gas Transaction. 
Exposure to counterparty performance may adversely affect 
the Companies’ financial results of operations. The Companies 
are exposed to credit risks of their counterparties and the risk that 
one or more counterparties may fail or delay the performance of 
their contractual obligations, including but not limited to pay-
ment for services. Some of Dominion Energy’s operations are 
conducted through partnership arrangements, as noted above. 
Counterparties could fail or delay the performance of their con-
tractual obligations for a number of reasons, including the effect 
of regulations on their operations. Defaults or failure to perform 
by customers, suppliers, contractors, joint venture partners, finan-
cial institutions or other third parties may adversely affect the 
Companies’ financial results. 
Public health crises and epidemics or pandemics could 
adversely affect the Companies’ business, results of operations, 
financial condition, liquidity and/or cash flows. The effects of an 
outbreak of a pandemic, such as COVID-19, and related 
government responses could include extended disruptions to 
supply chains and capital markets, reduced labor availability and 
productivity and a prolonged reduction in economic activity. The 
effects could also have a variety of adverse impacts on the 
Companies, including reduced demand for energy, particularly 
from commercial and industrial customers, impairment of good-
will or long-lived assets and diminished ability of the Companies 
to access funds from financial institutions and capital markets. 
Certain measures or restrictions taken to control a pandemic or 
similar event, such as travel bans and restrictions, quarantines, 
shelter-in-place orders and shutdowns, may cause operational 
interruptions and delays in construction projects. In addition, 
legislative or government action, such as legislation enacted in 
Virginia in November 2020, may limit the Companies’ ability to 
collect overdue accounts or disconnect services for non-payment, 
which may cause a decrease in the Companies’ results of oper-
ations and cash flows. 
35 

Item 1B. Unresolved Staff Comments 
None. 
Item 1C. Cybersecurity 
RISK MANAGEMENT AND STRATEGY 
In an effort to reduce the likelihood and severity of cyber 
intrusions, the Companies have a comprehensive cybersecurity 
program designed to protect and preserve the confidentiality, 
integrity and availability of data and systems. Consideration of 
cybersecurity risks is a key component of the Companies’ overall 
risk management and integrated into processes such as evaluation 
of potential new vendors or suppliers. The Companies are subject 
to mandatory cybersecurity regulatory requirements, interface 
regularly with a wide range of external organizations and partic-
ipate in classified briefings to maintain an awareness of current 
cybersecurity threats and vulnerabilities. 
The Companies’ corporate intelligence and security program 
includes both cybersecurity and threat intelligence components as 
part of its evaluation and mitigation of risks. The evaluation of 
risks includes consideration of cybersecurity and privacy risk, 
including potential impact on the Companies’ employees, 
customers, supply chain and other stakeholders, intelligence brief-
ings on notable cyber events impacting the industry and evalua-
tion of insider threats. The Companies utilize a robust set of 
internal and third-party assessment tools to test its cyber risk 
management policies, practices and procedures as well as chal-
lenge assumptions upon which its defenses are built. These 
assessments provide opportunities for self-critical analysis and 
constructive feedback needed to build cyber resilience. Trainings 
are routinely provided to employees to help identify, avoid and 
mitigate cybersecurity threats and to ensure an understanding of 
the Companies’ cyber risk management policies. In addition, risk 
assessments are conducted as a component of the evaluation of 
vendors and suppliers. 
The Companies’ current security posture and regulatory 
compliance efforts are intended to address the evolving and 
changing cyber threats. During the past three years, the Compa-
nies have not experienced any cybersecurity incidents resulting in 
a material impact to their business strategy, results of operations 
or financial condition. The Companies have identified the risk 
that a hostile cyber intrusion could severely impair the Compa-
nies’ operations, lead to disclosure of confidential information, 
damage the Companies’ reputation or otherwise have an adverse 
effect on the Companies’ business as disclosed under the Opera-
tional Risks header within Item 1A. Risk Factors. 
GOVERNANCE 
Dominion Energy’s Board of Directors, including its operations 
committee (effective in July 2024, previously its finance and risk 
oversight committee), provides oversight of the Companies’ risks 
from cybersecurity threats. Dominion Energy’s Board of Direc-
tors as well as its operations committee (effective in July 2024, 
previously its finance and risk oversight committee) receive pre-
sentations and reports throughout the year on cybersecurity and 
information security risk from management, including Dominion 
Energy’s chief security officer, director of cybersecurity (CISO) 
and chief information officer. These presentations and reports 
address a broad range of topics, including the Companies’ cyber 
risk management program, updates on recent cybersecurity 
threats and incidents across the industry, policies and practices, 
industry trends, threat environment and vulnerability assessments 
and specific and ongoing efforts to prevent, detect and respond to 
internal and external critical threats, including management’s 
hosting in 2024 of its third practical exercise with external federal, 
state and local incident response partners. In addition, Dominion 
Energy’s Board of Directors receives briefings from time to time 
from outside experts for an independent view on cybersecurity 
risks, including assessments by independent consulting firms and 
legal counsel of the Companies’ readiness and resilience. 
The Companies utilize an organization structure known as a 
converged security model that brings together cybersecurity, phys-
ical security and threat intelligence within one department led by 
the chief security officer. The chief security officer joined Domin-
ion Energy in this role in 2018 and has an extensive background 
in security having retired from the Federal Bureau of Inves-
tigation after a more than 20-year career focused on criminal, 
counter-terrorism, counter-intelligence and cyber inves-
tigations. The chief security officer belongs to the Federal Bureau 
of Investigation’s Domestic Security Alliance Council, the 
Department of Homeland Security’s Classified Intelligence 
Forum and is a member of the national Government/Business 
Executive Forum. In addition to serving on multiple university 
advisory boards, the chief security officer also serves on the 
Commonwealth of Virginia’s Informational Technology Advisory 
Council. 
The director of cybersecurity (CISO) has over 30 years of 
experience at Dominion Energy primarily in various roles within 
the information technology department, including information 
technology risk management, as well as cybersecurity. The direc-
tor of cybersecurity (CISO) has been involved in designing and 
evolving the Companies’ cyber risk management policies, practi-
ces and procedures. This individual has deep relationships with 
key external partners and is recognized within the industry and 
the U.S. as a leading cybersecurity expert. 
In addition, management of cybersecurity threats is shared 
with the chief information officer who is responsible for the 
Companies’ technology assets including hardware, software, 
networks, servers and telecommunications. The chief information 
officer has over 25 years of experience at Dominion Energy pri-
marily in various roles within the information technology 
department, including information technology risk management. 
In addition, the chief information officer previously served on the 
board of the Virginia Cybersecurity Partnership, a collaboration 
between private industry and the Federal Bureau of Investigation. 
The chief security officer and chief information officer are 
supported by the senior vice president of administrative services as 
well as the Companies’ operations, compliance, legal, audit, 
corporate risk, supply chain, human resources and accounting 
departments in executing its cybersecurity program. In addition, 
the chief security officer and chief information officer provide 
periodic updates concerning recent developments affecting 
cybersecurity and privacy risk to the Companies’ executive cyber 
risk council, which includes executive officers responsible for 
administrative services, corporate affairs, supply chain, corporate 
secretary and corporate risk along with legal counsel. 
36 

The Companies maintain a robust, tested and regularly 
revised Cyber Security Incident Response Plan and a Vendor 
Compromise Response Plan. These plans detail roles, 
responsibilities and actions to be taken in response to a detected 
event whether internal or associated with a third-party service 
provider. The plans provide clear direction for escalation of 
information to leadership, including Dominion Energy’s Board of 
Directors as appropriate, and drive collaboration amongst relevant 
members of management representing cybersecurity, information 
technology, operations, supply chain, legal and accounting 
departments. As necessary, the COO, CFO and chief legal officer 
will advise the CEO on any incidents which could potentially 
have a material effect on the Companies’ business operations, 
results of operations or financial condition. 
Item 2. Properties 
Dominion Energy owns five corporate offices in Richmond, Vir-
ginia and other cities in which its subsidiaries operate. Dominion 
Energy also leases corporate offices in Richmond, Virginia and 
other cities in which its subsidiaries operate, including its princi-
pal executive office in Richmond, Virginia. Virginia Power shares 
Dominion Energy’s principal executive office in Richmond, Vir-
ginia. In addition, Virginia Power leases certain buildings and 
equipment. 
Dominion Energy’s assets consist primarily of its investments 
in its subsidiaries, the principal properties of which are described 
below by operating segment. 
Certain of Virginia Power’s properties are subject to the lien 
of the Indenture of Mortgage securing its First and Refunding 
Mortgage Bonds. There were no bonds outstanding as of 
December 31, 2024; however, by leaving the indenture open, 
Virginia Power retains the flexibility to issue mortgage bonds in 
the future. Additionally, DESC’s bond indenture, which secures 
its first mortgage bonds, constitutes a direct mortgage lien on 
substantially all of its electric utility property. 
DOMINION ENERGY VIRGINIA 
Virginia Power has approximately 6,800 miles of electric trans-
mission lines of 69 kV or more located in North Carolina, 
Virginia and West Virginia. Portions of Virginia Power’s electric 
transmission lines cross national parks and forests under permits 
entitling the federal government to use, at specified charges, any 
surplus capacity that may exist in these lines. While Virginia 
Power owns and maintains its electric transmission facilities, they 
are a part of PJM, which coordinates the planning, operation, 
emergency assistance and exchange of capacity and energy for 
such facilities. 
In addition, Virginia Power’s electric distribution network 
includes approximately 60,600 miles of distribution lines, 
exclusive of service level lines, in Virginia and North Carolina. 
The grants for most of its electric lines contain rights-of-way that 
have been obtained from the apparent owners of real estate, but 
underlying titles have not been examined. Where rights-of-way 
have not been obtained, they could be acquired from private 
owners by condemnation, if necessary. Many electric lines are on 
publicly-owned property, where permission to operate can be 
revoked. In addition, Virginia Power owns 486 substations. 
The following tables list Virginia Power’s generating units and 
capability as of December 31, 2024. 
37 

Virginia Power Utility Generation 
Plant 
Location 
Net Summer 
Capability (MW) 
Percentage 
Net Summer 
Capability 
Gas 
Greensville County (CC) 
Greensville County, VA 
1,605 
Brunswick County (CC) 
Brunswick County, VA 
1,376 
Warren County (CC) 
Warren County, VA 
1,349 
Ladysmith (CT) 
Ladysmith, VA 
782 
Bear Garden (CC) 
Buckingham County, VA 
622 
Remington (CT) 
Remington, VA 
619 
Possum Point (CC) 
Dumfries, VA 
573 
Chesterfield (CC) 
Chester, VA 
386 
Elizabeth River (CT) 
Chesapeake, VA 
327 
Gordonsville Energy (CC) 
Gordonsville, VA 
218 
Gravel Neck (CT) 
Surry, VA 
170 
Darbytown (CT) 
Richmond, VA 
168 
Total Gas 
 
8,195 
42% 
Nuclear 
Surry 
Surry, VA 
1,676 
North Anna 
Mineral, VA 
1,672(1) 
Total Nuclear 
 
3,348 
17 
Coal 
Mt. Storm 
Mt. Storm, WV 
1,614 
Virginia City Hybrid Energy Center 
Wise County, VA 
610 
Clover 
Clover, VA 
439(2) 
Total Coal 
 
2,663 
13 
Hydro 
Bath County 
Warm Springs, VA 
1,808(3) 
Gaston 
Roanoke Rapids, NC 
220 
Roanoke Rapids 
Roanoke Rapids, NC 
95 
Other 
1 
 
Total Hydro 
 
2,124 
11 
Oil 
Gravel Neck (CT) 
Surry, VA 
198 
Darbytown (CT) 
Richmond, VA 
168 
Rosemary (CC) 
Roanoke Rapids, NC 
155 
Possum Point (CT) 
Dumfries, VA 
72 
Low Moor (CT) 
Covington, VA 
48 
Northern Neck (CT) 
Lively, VA 
47 
Chesapeake (CT) 
Chesapeake, VA 
39 
Total Oil 
 
727 
4 
Solar(4)  
 
Colonial Trail West 
Surry County, VA 
142 
Bookers Mill 
Farnham, VA 
127 
Sadler Solar 
Emporia, VA 
100 
Spring Grove 
Surry County, VA 
98 
Fountain Creek 
Greensville, VA 
80 
Piney Creek 
Halifax, VA 
80 
Otter Creek 
Mecklenburg County, VA 
60 
Sycamore 
Gretna, VA 
42 
Camellia 
Gloucester County, VA 
20 
Grassfield 
Chesapeake, VA 
20 
Norge 
Williamsburg, VA 
20 
Solidago 
Windsor, VA 
20 
Whitehouse Solar 
Louisa County, VA 
20 
Winterberry 
Gloucester County, VA 
20 
Woodland Solar 
Isle of Wight County, VA 
19 
Scott Solar 
Powhatan, VA 
17 
Total Solar 
 
885 
4 
Biomass 
Altavista 
Altavista, VA 
51 
Polyester 
Hopewell, VA 
51 
Southampton 
Southampton, VA 
51 
Total Biomass 
 
153 
1 
Battery 
Dry Bridge 
Chesterfield, VA 
20 
Scott Battery 
Powhatan, VA 
12 
Total Battery 
 
32 
— 
Wind 
CVOW Pilot Project 
Virginia Beach, VA 
12 
— 
Various 
Mt. Storm (CT) 
Mt. Storm, WV 
11 
— 
 
18,150 
Power Purchase Agreements 
 
1,488 
8 
Total Utility Generation 
 
19,638 
100% 
Note: (CT) denotes combustion turbine and (CC) denotes combined cycle. 
(1) Excludes 11.6% undivided interest owned by ODEC. 
(2) Excludes 50% undivided interest owned by ODEC. 
(3) Excludes 23.75% undivided interest owned by LS Power Equity Advisors LLC and 16.25% undivided interest owned by Allegheny Generating Company, a 
subsidiary of FirstEnergy. 
(4) All solar facilities are alternating current. 
38 

Virginia Power Non-jurisdictional Generation 
Plant 
Location 
Net Summer 
Capability (MW) 
Solar(1) 
Ft. Powhatan 
Disputanta, VA 
150 
Maplewood 
Chatham, VA 
120 
Belcher 
Louisa, VA 
88 
Gutenberg 
Garysburg, NC 
80 
Grasshopper 
Chase City, VA 
80 
Pecan 
Pleasant Hill, NC 
75 
Chestnut 
Halifax County, NC 
75 
Bedford 
Chesapeake, VA 
70 
Pumpkinseed 
Emporia, VA 
60 
Gloucester 
Gloucester County, VA 
20 
Montross 
Westmoreland County, VA 
20 
Morgans Corner 
Pasquotank County, NC 
20 
Remington 
Fauquier County, VA 
20 
Rochambeau 
James City County, VA 
20 
Oceana 
Virginia Beach, VA 
18 
Hollyfield 
Manquin, VA 
17 
Puller 
Topping, VA 
15 
Total Non-Jurisdictional Generation 
948 
(1) All solar facilities are alternating current. 
DOMINION ENERGY SOUTH CAROLINA 
DESC has approximately 3,800 miles and 19,100 miles of electric transmission and distribution lines, respectively, exclusive of service level lines, 
in South Carolina. The grants for most of DESC’s electric lines contain rights-of-way that have been obtained from the apparent owners of real 
estate, but underlying property titles have not been examined. Where rights-of-way have not been obtained, they could be acquired from private 
owners by condemnation, if necessary. Many electric lines are on publicly-owned property, where permission to operate can be revoked. In addi-
tion, DESC owns 455 substations. 
DESC’s natural gas system includes approximately 19,500 miles of distribution mains and related service facilities, which are supported by 
approximately 400 miles of transmission pipeline. 
DESC owns two LNG facilities, one located near Charleston, South Carolina, and the other in Salley, South Carolina. The Charleston 
facility can store the liquefied equivalent of approximately 1.0 bcf of natural gas, can regasify approximately 6% of its storage capacity per 
day and can liquefy less than 1% of its storage capacity per day. The Salley facility can store the liquefied equivalent of approximately 
0.9 bcf of natural gas and can regasify approximately 10% of its storage capacity per day. The Salley facility has no liquefying capabilities. 
The following table lists DESC’s generating units and capability as of December 31, 2024. 
Plant 
Location 
Net Summer 
Capability (MW) 
Percentage 
Net Summer Capability 
Gas 
Jasper (CC) (1) 
Hardeeville, SC
902 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Columbia Energy Center (CC) (1) 
Gaston, SC
522
Urquhart (CC) (1) 
Beech Island, SC
458
McMeekin 
Irmo, SC 
250 
Hagood (CT) (1) 
Charleston, SC
118
Urquhart Unit 3 
Beech Island, SC 
95 
Urquhart (CT) (1) 
Beech Island, SC
87
Bushy Park (CT) (1) 
Goose Creek, SC
42
Coit (CT) (1)(2) 
Columbia, SC
26
Total Gas 
2,500
37%
Coal 
Wateree 
Eastover, SC 
684 
Williams 
Goose Creek, SC 
595 
Cope (3) 
Cope, SC 
415 
Total Coal 
1,694 
 
25
Hydro 
Fairfield 
Jenkinsville, SC 
576 
Saluda 
Irmo, SC 
190 
Other 
Various 
 
18
Total Hydro 
784 
 
12
Nuclear 
Summer 
Jenkinsville, SC 
644(4) 
16
10
5,622 
 
 
Power Purchase Agreements 
1,112(5) 
Total Utility Generation 
6,734
100% 
Note: (CT) denotes combustion turbine and (CC) denotes combined cycle. 
(1) Capable of burning fuel oil as a secondary source. 
(2) Expected to be retired by the end of 2025. 
(3) Capable of burning natural gas as a secondary source. 
(4) Excludes 33.3% undivided interest owned by Santee Cooper. 
(5) Includes 189 MW from agreements with certain solar facilities within Contracted Energy. 
39 

CONTRACTED ENERGY 
The following table lists Contracted Energy’s generating units and capability as of December 31, 2024. 
Plant 
Location 
Net Summer 
Capability (MW) 
Percentage 
Net Summer 
Capability 
Nuclear 
Millstone 
Waterford, CT 
2,013(1) 
Total Nuclear 
2,013 
65%
Solar(2) 
Hardin I 
Hardin County, OH 
150 
Amazon Solar Farm Virginia – Southampton 
Newsoms, VA 
100 
Foxhound Solar 
Clover, VA 
83 
Amazon Solar Farm Virginia – Accomack 
Oak Hall, VA 
80 
Greensville 
Greensville County, VA 
80 
Innovative Solar 37 
Morven, NC 
79 
Wilkinson 
Pantego, NC 
74 
Seabrook 
Beaufort County, SC 
73 
Moffett Solar 1 
Ridgeland, SC 
71 
Summit Farms Solar 
Moyock, NC 
60 
Midway II 
Calipatria, CA 
30 
Amazon Solar Farm Virginia – Buckingham 
Cumberland, VA 
20 
Amazon Solar Farm Virginia – Correctional 
Barhamsville, VA 
20 
Hecate Cherrydale 
Cape Charles, VA 
20 
Amazon Solar Farm Virginia – Sussex Drive 
Stoney Creek, VA 
20 
Amazon Solar Farm Virginia – Scott II 
Powhatan, VA 
20 
Myrtle 
Suffolk, VA 
15 
Trask 
Beaufort County, SC 
12 
Hecate Energy Clarke County 
White Post, VA 
10 
Ridgeland Solar Farm I 
Ridgeland, SC 
10 
Yemassee 
Hampton County, SC 
10 
Blackville 
Blackville, SC 
7 
Denmark 
Denmark, SC 
6 
Other 
Various 
35
Total Solar 
1,085
35
Total Nonregulated Generation 
3,098
100%
(1) Excludes 6.53% undivided interest in Unit 3 owned by Massachusetts Municipal and Green Mountain. 
(2) All solar facilities are alternating current. 
CORPORATE AND OTHER 
Dominion Energy owns various solar facilities, primarily at schools in Virginia, with an aggregate generation capacity of 28 MW. 
40 

Item 3. Legal Proceedings 
From time to time, the Companies are parties to various legal, 
environmental or other regulatory proceedings, including in the 
ordinary course of business. SEC regulations require disclosure of 
certain environmental matters when a governmental authority is a 
party to the proceedings and such proceedings involve potential 
monetary sanctions that the Companies reasonably believe will 
exceed a specified threshold. Pursuant to the SEC regulations, the 
Companies use a threshold of $1 million for such proceedings. 
See Notes 13 and 23 to the Consolidated Financial Statements, 
which information is incorporated herein by reference, for dis-
cussion of certain legal, environmental and other regulatory pro-
ceedings to which the Companies are a party. 
Item 4. Mine Safety Disclosures 
Not applicable. 
Information about our Executive Officers 
Information concerning the executive officers of Dominion Energy, each of whom is elected annually, is as follows: 
Name and Age 
Business Experience Past Five Years(1) 
Robert M. Blue (57) 
Chair of the Board of Directors from April 2021 to present; President and CEO from October 
2020 to present; Director from November 2020 to present; Executive Vice President and 
Co-COO from December 2019 to September 2020. 
Edward H. Baine (51) 
President—Utility Operations and Dominion Energy Virginia from January 2025 to present; 
President—Dominion Energy Virginia from October 2020 to December 2024; Senior Vice 
President—Power Delivery of Virginia Power from December 2019 to September 2020. 
Carlos M. Brown (50) 
President—DES and Executive Vice President, Chief Legal Officer and Corporate Secretary 
from January 2024 to present; Senior Vice President, Chief Legal Officer and General 
Counsel from September 2022 to December 2023; Senior Vice President, General Counsel 
and Chief Compliance Officer from December 2019 to August 2022. 
Michele L. Cardiff (57) 
Senior Vice President, Controller and CAO from October 2020 to present; Vice President, 
Controller and CAO from April 2014 to September 2020. 
Eric S. Carr (51) 
Chief Nuclear Officer and President—Nuclear Operations and Contracted Energy from 
January 2025 to present; President—Nuclear Operations and Chief Nuclear Officer from 
July 2023 to December 2024; President—Nuclear Operations during June 2023; President 
and Chief Nuclear Officer for PSEG Nuclear, LLC, a subsidiary of Public Service Enterprise 
Group, Incorporated, from July 2019 to May 2023. 
W. Keller Kissam (58) 
President—Dominion Energy South Carolina from January 2022 to present; President— 
Electric Operations of DESC from January 2019 to December 2021. 
Steven D. Ridge (44) 
Executive Vice President and CFO from January 2024 to present; Senior Vice President and 
CFO from November 2022 to December 2023; President of Questar Gas from October 
2022 to November 2022; Vice President and General Manager—Western Distribution from 
October 2021 to September 2022; Vice President—Investor Relations of DES from April 
2019 to September 2021. 
(1) All positions held at Dominion Energy, unless otherwise noted. Any service listed for Virginia Power, DESC, Questar Gas and DES reflects service at a sub-
sidiary of Dominion Energy. 
41 

Part II 
Item 5. Market for Registrant’s Common Equity, Related Stockholder Matters and 
Issuer Purchases of Equity Securities 
DOMINION ENERGY 
Dominion Energy’s common stock is listed on the NYSE under the ticker symbol D. At February 21, 2025, there were approximately 
112,000 record holders of Dominion Energy’s common stock. The number of record holders is comprised of individual shareholder 
accounts maintained on Dominion Energy’s transfer agent records and includes accounts with shares held in (1) certificate form, (2) book-
entry in the Direct Registration System and (3) book-entry under Dominion Energy Direct®. Discussions of expected dividend payments 
required by this Item are contained in Liquidity and Capital Resources in Item 7. MD&A. 
PURCHASES OF EQUITY SECURITIES 
Period 
Total 
Number of 
Shares 
(or Units) 
Purchased(1) 
Average 
Price Paid 
per Share 
(or Unit)(2) 
Total Number 
of Shares (or Units) 
Purchased as Part 
of Publicly Announced 
Plans or Programs 
Maximum Number (or 
Approximate Dollar Value) 
of Shares (or Units) that May 
Yet Be Purchased under 
the Plans or Programs(3) 
10/1/24-10/31/24
64,345
$58.24
—
$ 0.92 billion
11/1/24-11/30/24 
415 
58.99 
— 
0.92 billion 
12/1/24-12/31/24 
2,194 
58.70 
— 
0.92 billion 
Total 
66,954 
$58.26 
— 
$ 0.92 billion 
(1) Represents shares of common stock that were tendered by employees to satisfy tax withholding obligations on vested restricted stock. 
(2) Represents the weighted-average price paid per share. 
(3) In November 2020, the Dominion Energy Board of Directors authorized the repurchase of up to $1.0 billion of shares of common stock. This repurchase 
program has no expiration date or price or volume targets and may be modified, suspended or terminated at any time. Shares may be purchased through open 
market or privately negotiated transactions or otherwise at the discretion of management subject to prevailing market conditions, applicable securities laws 
and other factors. 
VIRGINIA POWER 
There is no established public trading market for Virginia Power’s common stock, all of which is owned by Dominion Energy. Virginia 
Power may pay cash dividends in 2025 but is neither required to nor restricted, except as described in Note 21 to the Consolidated Finan-
cial Statements, from making such payments. 
Item 6. [Reserved] 
42 

Item 7. Management’s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of 
Operations 
MD&A discusses Dominion Energy’s results of operations, gen-
eral financial condition and liquidity and Virginia Power’s results 
of operations. MD&A should be read in conjunction with 
Item 1. Business and the Consolidated Financial Statements in 
Item 8. Financial Statements and Supplementary Data. Virginia 
Power meets the conditions to file under the reduced disclosure 
format, and therefore has omitted certain sections of MD&A. 
CONTENTS OF MD&A 
MD&A consists of the following information: 
• 
Forward-Looking Statements—Dominion Energy and 
Virginia Power 
• 
Accounting Matters—Dominion Energy 
• 
Results of Operations—Dominion Energy and Virginia 
Power 
• 
Segment Results of Operations—Dominion Energy 
• 
Outlook—Dominion Energy 
• 
Liquidity and Capital Resources—Dominion Energy 
• 
Future Issues and Other Matters—Dominion Energy 
FORWARD-LOOKING STATEMENTS 
This report contains statements concerning the Companies’ 
expectations, plans, objectives, future financial performance and 
other statements that are not historical facts. These statements are 
“forward-looking statements” within the meaning of the Private 
Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995. In most cases, the 
reader can identify these forward-looking statements by such 
words as “path,” “anticipate,” “estimate,” “forecast,” “expect,” 
“believe,” “should,” “could,” “plan,” “may,” “continue,” “target” 
or other similar words. 
The Companies make forward-looking statements with full 
knowledge that risks and uncertainties exist that may cause actual 
results to differ materially from predicted results. Factors that may 
cause actual results to differ are often presented with the forward-
looking statements themselves. Additionally, other factors may 
cause actual results to differ materially from those indicated in any 
forward-looking statement. These factors include but are not lim-
ited to: 
• 
Unusual weather conditions and their effect on energy sales to 
customers and energy commodity prices; 
• 
Extreme weather events and other natural disasters, including, 
but not limited to, hurricanes, high winds, severe storms, 
earthquakes, flooding, wildfires, climate changes and changes 
in water temperatures and availability that can cause outages 
and property damage to facilities; 
• 
The impact of extraordinary external events, such as the 
pandemic health event resulting from COVID-19, and their 
collateral consequences, including extended disruption of 
economic activity in the Companies’ markets and global sup-
ply chains; 
• 
Federal, state and local legislative and regulatory develop-
ments; 
• 
Changes in or interpretations of federal and state tax laws and 
regulations, including those related to tax credits or other 
incentives; 
• 
The direct and indirect impacts of implementing recom-
mendations resulting from the business review concluded in 
March 2024; 
• 
Risks of operating businesses in regulated industries that are 
subject to changing regulatory structures; 
• 
Changes to regulated electric rates collected by the Companies 
and regulated gas distribution rates collected by Dominion 
Energy; 
• 
Changes in rules for RTOs and ISOs in which the Companies 
join and/or participate, including changes in rate designs, 
changes in FERC’s interpretation of market rules and new 
and evolving capacity models; 
• 
Risks associated with Virginia Power’s membership and par-
ticipation in PJM, including risks related to obligations cre-
ated by the default of other participants; 
• 
Risks associated with entities in which the Companies share 
ownership with third parties, such as Stonepeak’s non-
controlling interest in the CVOW Commercial Project, 
including risks that result from lack of sole decision-making 
authority, disputes that may arise between the Companies and 
third party participants and difficulties in exiting these 
arrangements; 
• 
Timing and receipt of regulatory approvals necessary for 
planned construction or growth projects and compliance with 
conditions associated with such regulatory approvals; 
• 
The inability to complete planned construction, conversion or 
growth projects at all, or with the outcomes or within the 
terms and time frames initially anticipated, including as a 
result of increased public involvement, intervention or liti-
gation in such projects; 
• 
Risks and uncertainties that may impact the Companies’ abil-
ity to construct the CVOW Commercial Project within the 
currently proposed timeline, or at all, and consistent with 
current cost estimates along with the ability to recover such 
costs from customers; 
• 
Risks and uncertainties associated with the timely receipt of 
future capital contributions, including optional capital con-
tributions, if any, from Stonepeak associated with the con-
struction of the CVOW Commercial Project; 
• 
Changes to federal, state and local environmental laws and 
regulations, including those related to climate change, the 
tightening of emission or discharge limits for GHGs and 
other substances, more extensive permitting requirements and 
the regulation of additional substances; 
• 
Cost of environmental strategy and compliance, including 
those costs related to climate change; 
• 
Changes in implementation and enforcement practices of 
regulators relating to environmental standards and litigation 
exposure for remedial activities; 
• 
Difficulty in anticipating mitigation requirements associated 
with environmental and other regulatory approvals or related 
appeals; 
• 
Unplanned outages at facilities in which the Companies have 
an ownership interest; 
• 
The impact of operational hazards, including adverse develop-
ments with respect to plant safety or integrity, equipment loss, 
malfunction or failure, operator error and other catastrophic 
events; 
43 

Management’s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations, Continued 
• 
Risks associated with the operation of nuclear facilities, includ-
ing costs associated with the disposal of spent nuclear fuel, 
decommissioning, plant maintenance and changes in existing 
regulations governing such facilities; 
• 
Changes in operating, maintenance and construction costs; 
• 
The availability of nuclear fuel, natural gas, purchased power 
or other materials utilized by the Companies to provide elec-
tric generation, transmission and distribution and/or gas dis-
tribution services to their customers; 
• 
Domestic terrorism and other threats to the Companies’ phys-
ical and intangible assets, as well as threats to cybersecurity; 
• 
Additional competition in industries in which the Companies 
operate, including in electric markets in which Dominion 
Energy’s nonregulated generation facilities operate and poten-
tial competition from the development and deployment of 
alternative energy sources, such as self-generation and dis-
tributed generation technologies, and availability of market 
alternatives to large commercial and industrial customers; 
• 
Competition in the development, construction and ownership 
of certain electric transmission facilities in the Companies’ 
service territory in connection with Order 1000; 
• 
Changes in technology, particularly with respect to new, devel-
oping or alternative sources of generation and smart grid 
technologies; 
• 
Changes in demand for the Companies’ services, including 
industrial, commercial and residential growth or decline in 
the Companies’ service areas, failure to maintain or replace 
customer contracts on favorable terms, changes in customer 
growth or usage patterns, including as a result of energy con-
servation programs, the availability of energy efficient devices 
and the use of distributed generation methods; 
• 
Risks and uncertainties associated with increased energy 
demand or significant accelerated growth in demand due to 
new data centers, including the concentration of data centers 
primarily in Loudoun County, Virginia and the ability to 
obtain regulatory approvals, environmental and other permits 
to construct new facilities in a timely manner; 
• 
The technological and economic feasibility of large-scale bat-
tery storage, carbon capture and storage, small modular 
reactors, hydrogen and/or other clean energy technologies; 
• 
Receipt of approvals for, and timing of, closing dates for 
acquisitions and divestitures; 
• 
Impacts of acquisitions, divestitures, transfers of assets to joint 
ventures and retirements of assets based on asset portfolio 
reviews; 
• 
Adverse outcomes in litigation matters or regulatory proceed-
ings; 
• 
Counterparty credit and performance risk; 
• 
Fluctuations in the value of investments held in nuclear 
decommissioning trusts by the Companies and in benefit plan 
trusts by Dominion Energy; 
• 
Fluctuations in energy-related commodity prices and the 
effect these could have on Dominion Energy’s earnings and 
the Companies’ liquidity position and the underlying value of 
their assets; 
• 
Fluctuations in interest rates; 
• 
Changes in rating agency requirements or credit ratings and 
their effect on availability and cost of capital; 
• 
Global capital market conditions, including the availability of 
credit and the ability to obtain financing on reasonable terms; 
• 
Political and economic conditions, including tariffs, inflation 
and deflation; 
• 
Employee workforce factors including collective bargaining 
agreements and labor negotiations with union employees; and 
• 
Changes in financial or regulatory accounting principles or 
policies imposed by governing bodies. 
Additionally, other risks that could cause actual results to differ 
from predicted results are set forth in Item 1A. Risk Factors. 
The Companies’ forward-looking statements are based on 
beliefs and assumptions using information available at the time 
the statements are made. The Companies caution the reader not 
to place undue reliance on their forward-looking statements 
because the assumptions, beliefs, expectations and projections 
about future events may, and often do, differ materially from 
actual results. The Companies undertake no obligation to update 
any forward-looking statement to reflect developments occurring 
after the statement is made. 
ACCOUNTING MATTERS 
Critical Accounting Policies and Estimates 
Dominion Energy has identified the following accounting poli-
cies, including certain inherent estimates, that as a result of the 
judgments, uncertainties, uniqueness and complexities of the 
underlying accounting standards and operations involved, could 
result in material changes to its financial condition or results of 
operations under different conditions or using different assump-
tions. Dominion Energy has discussed the development, selection 
and disclosure of each of these policies with the Audit Committee 
of its Board of Directors. 
ACCOUNTING FOR REGULATED OPERATIONS 
The accounting for Dominion Energy’s regulated electric and gas 
operations differs from the accounting for nonregulated oper-
ations in that Dominion Energy is required to reflect the effect of 
rate regulation in its Consolidated Financial Statements. For 
regulated businesses subject to federal or state cost-of-service rate 
regulation, regulatory practices that assign costs to accounting 
periods may differ from accounting methods generally applied by 
nonregulated companies. When it is probable that regulators will 
permit the recovery of current costs through future rates charged 
to customers, these costs that otherwise would be expensed by 
nonregulated companies are deferred as regulatory assets. Like-
wise, regulatory liabilities are recognized when it is probable that 
regulators will require customer refunds or other benefits through 
future rates or when revenue is collected from customers for 
expenditures that have yet to be incurred. In addition, a loss is 
recognized if it becomes probable that capital expenditures will be 
disallowed for ratemaking purposes and if a reasonable estimate of 
the amount of the disallowance can be made. 
In the fourth quarter of 2024, the Companies recorded a net 
$103 million ($77 million after-tax) charge for Virginia Power’s 
share of costs not expected to be recovered from customers on the 
CVOW Commercial Project as a result of a revised total project 
cost estimate of approximately $10.7 billion, excluding financing 
44 

costs, that reflects a revised estimate of network upgrade costs 
assigned by PJM to the CVOW Commercial Project and cost 
sharing mechanism included in the Virginia Commission’s 
December 2022 order. The expected total project cost reflects 
increases driven primarily by projections for onshore electrical 
interconnection costs and network upgrade costs assigned to the 
project by PJM, specifically incorporating consideration of PJM’s 
December 2024 publication of potential transmission network 
upgrades required for certain generation projects and related cost 
allocations, including those attributable to the CVOW Commer-
cial Project. Relative to Virginia Power’s November 2024 Rider 
OSW filing, the updated estimated total project cost reflects an 
approximately $0.6 billion increase for such onshore and network 
upgrade costs and an approximately $0.3 billion increase for 
increased contingency for remaining construction activities, 
completion of the removal of unexploded ordnance, undersea 
cable protection system design enhancements, commodity prices 
for transportation fuel, updates for sea fastener fabrication and 
installation and other construction and equipment supplier costs. 
The estimated total project cost reflects the Companies’ best 
estimate of the remaining construction costs, including con-
tingency of approximately 5% on such remaining amounts. Such 
estimate could potentially change for items, certain of which are 
beyond the Companies’ control, including but not limited to 
actual network upgrade costs allocated by PJM, fuel for trans-
portation and installation, the impact of applicable tariffs, if any, 
costs to maintain necessary permits, approvals and authorizations, 
ability of key suppliers and contractors to timely satisfy their obli-
gations under existing contracts, marine wildlife and/or any severe 
weather events. Any additional increase in such costs in excess of 
the contingency included in the estimated total project cost would 
be subject to the cost sharing mechanisms described above and 
could have a material impact on the Companies’ future financial 
condition, results of operations and/or cash flows. See Note 10 to 
the Consolidated Financial Statements for additional 
information. 
Dominion Energy evaluates whether or not recovery of its 
regulatory assets through future rates is probable as well as 
whether a regulatory liability due to customers is probable and 
makes various assumptions in its analyses. These analyses are 
generally based on: 
• 
Orders issued by regulatory commissions, legislation and 
judicial actions; 
• 
Past experience; 
• 
Discussions with applicable regulatory authorities and 
legal counsel; 
• 
Estimated construction costs; 
• 
Forecasted earnings; and 
• 
Considerations around the likelihood of impacts from 
events such as unusual weather conditions, extreme 
weather events and other natural disasters and unplanned 
outages of facilities. 
If recovery of a regulatory asset is determined to be less than 
probable, it will be written off in the period such assessment is 
made. A regulatory liability, if considered probable, will be 
recorded in the period such assessment is made or reversed into 
earnings if no longer probable. In connection with the future 
2025 Biennial Review, the Companies concluded that it was not 
probable that Virginia Power would have earnings in excess of an 
expected authorized ROE of 9.70% for the period January 1, 
2023 through December 31, 2024. As a result, no regulatory 
liability for Virginia Power ratepayer credits to customers has 
been recorded at December 31, 2024. See Note 13 to the Con-
solidated Financial Statements for additional information. 
ASSET RETIREMENT OBLIGATIONS 
Dominion Energy recognizes liabilities for the expected cost of 
retiring tangible long-lived assets for which a legal obligation 
exists and the ARO can be reasonably estimated. These AROs are 
recognized at fair value as incurred or when sufficient information 
becomes available to determine fair value and are generally cap-
italized as part of the cost of the related long-lived assets. In the 
absence of quoted market prices, Dominion Energy estimates the 
fair value of its AROs using present value techniques, in which it 
makes various assumptions including estimates of the amounts 
and timing of future cash flows associated with retirement activ-
ities, credit-adjusted risk free rates and cost escalation rates. The 
impact on measurements of new AROs or remeasurements of 
existing AROs, using different cost escalation or credit-adjusted 
risk free rates in the future, may be significant. When Dominion 
Energy revises any assumptions used to calculate the fair value of 
existing AROs, it adjusts the carrying amount of both the ARO 
liability and the related long-lived asset for assets that are in serv-
ice; for assets that have ceased or are expected to cease operations, 
Dominion Energy adjusts the carrying amount of the ARO 
liability with such changes either recognized in income or as a 
regulatory asset. 
Dominion Energy’s AROs include a significant balance 
related to the future decommissioning of its nonregulated and 
utility nuclear facilities. At December 31, 2024 and 2023, 
Dominion Energy’s nuclear decommissioning AROs totaled 
$2.6 billion and $1.9 billion, respectively. The following discusses 
critical assumptions inherent in determining the fair value of 
AROs associated with Dominion Energy’s nuclear decommission-
ing obligations. 
Dominion Energy obtains from third-party specialists peri-
odic site-specific base year cost studies in order to estimate the 
nature, cost and timing of planned decommissioning activities for 
its nuclear plants. These cost studies are based on relevant 
information available at the time they are performed; however, 
estimates of future cash flows for extended periods of time are by 
nature highly uncertain and may vary significantly from actual 
results. These cash flows include estimates on timing of decom-
missioning, which for regulated nuclear units factors in the 
probability of NRC approval for license extensions. In addition, 
Dominion Energy’s cost estimates include cost escalation rates 
that are applied to the base year costs. Dominion Energy 
determines cost escalation rates, which represent projected cost 
increases over time due to both general inflation and increases in 
the cost of specific decommissioning activities, for each nuclear 
facility. The selection of these cost escalation rates is dependent 
on subjective factors which are considered to be critical assump-
tions. At December 31, 2024, a 0.25% increase in cost escalation 
rates would have resulted in an approximate $440 million increase 
in Dominion Energy’s nuclear decommissioning AROs. 
At December 31, 2024, Dominion Energy’s AROs also 
include $828 million for future CCR remediation at retired gen-
45 

Management’s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations, Continued 
erating stations and other inactive or previously closed surface 
impoundments, landfills or other areas in connection with the 
EPA’s May 2024 rule as described in Note 14. Dominion Energy 
developed cost estimates related to this CCR remediation, which 
were based on the estimated quantity of CCRs that would be 
discovered, if any, at locations which are subject to the regulation. 
The determination of how much CCR, if any, that exists at an 
individual location is a critical assumption in the development of 
the Companies’ AROs. The results of the searches of internally 
and externally available information regarding the existence and 
quantity of CCR at specific locations, as well as physical searches 
for CCR, may cause actual results to vary significantly from 
expectations. 
INCOME TAXES 
Judgment and the use of estimates are required in developing the 
provision for income taxes and reporting of tax-related assets and 
liabilities. The interpretation of tax laws and associated regu-
lations involves uncertainty since tax authorities may interpret the 
laws differently. Ultimate resolution or clarification of income tax 
matters may result in favorable or unfavorable impacts to net 
income and cash flows, and adjustments to tax-related assets and 
liabilities could be material. 
Given the uncertainty and judgment involved in the determi-
nation and filing of income taxes, there are standards for recog-
nition and measurement in financial statements of positions taken 
or expected to be taken by an entity in its income tax returns. 
Positions taken by an entity in its income tax returns that are 
recognized in the financial statements must satisfy a more-likely-
than-not recognition threshold, assuming that the position will be 
examined by tax authorities with full knowledge of all relevant 
information. At December 31, 2024 and 2023, Dominion 
Energy had $78 million and $110 million, respectively, of 
unrecognized tax benefits. Changes in these unrecognized tax 
benefits may result from remeasurement of amounts expected to 
be realized, settlements with tax authorities and expiration of 
statutes of limitations. 
Deferred income tax assets and liabilities are recorded repre-
senting future effects on income taxes for temporary differences 
between the bases of assets and liabilities for financial reporting 
and tax purposes. Dominion Energy evaluates quarterly the 
probability of realizing deferred tax assets by considering current 
and historical financial results, expectations for future taxable 
income and the availability of tax planning strategies that can be 
implemented, if necessary, to realize deferred tax assets. Failure to 
achieve forecasted taxable income or successfully implement tax 
planning strategies may affect the realization of deferred tax assets. 
In addition, changes in tax laws or tax rates may require reconsid-
eration of the realizability of existing deferred tax assets. Domin-
ion Energy establishes a valuation allowance when it is more-
likely-than-not that all or a portion of a deferred tax asset will not 
be realized. At December 31, 2024 and 2023, Dominion Energy 
had established $113 million and $130 million, respectively, of 
valuation allowances. 
ACCOUNTING FOR DERIVATIVE CONTRACTS AND 
FINANCIAL INSTRUMENTS AT FAIR VALUE 
Dominion Energy uses derivative contracts such as physical and 
financial forwards, futures, swaps, options and FTRs to manage 
commodity, interest rate and/or foreign currency exchange rate 
risks of its business operations. Derivative contracts, with certain 
exceptions, are reported in the Consolidated Balance Sheets at fair 
value. The majority of investments held in Dominion Energy’s 
nuclear decommissioning and rabbi trusts and pension and other 
postretirement funds are also subject to fair value accounting. See 
Notes 6 and 22 to the Consolidated Financial Statements for 
further information on these fair value measurements. 
Fair value is based on actively-quoted market prices, if avail-
able. In the absence of actively-quoted market prices, manage-
ment seeks indicative price information from external sources, 
including broker quotes and industry publications. When evaluat-
ing pricing information provided by brokers and other pricing 
services, Dominion Energy considers whether the broker is willing 
and able to trade at the quoted price, if the broker quotes are 
based on an active market or an inactive market and the extent to 
which brokers are utilizing a particular model if pricing is not 
readily available. If pricing information from external sources is 
not available, or if Dominion Energy believes that observable 
pricing information is not indicative of fair value, judgment is 
required to develop the estimates of fair value. In those cases, 
Dominion Energy must estimate prices based on available histor-
ical and near-term future price information and use of statistical 
methods, including regression analysis, that reflect its market 
assumptions. 
Dominion Energy maximizes the use of observable inputs and 
minimizes the use of unobservable inputs when measuring fair 
value. See Note 6 to the Consolidated Financial Statements for 
quantitative information on unobservable inputs utilized in 
Dominion Energy’s fair value measurements of certain derivative 
contracts. 
USE OF ESTIMATES IN GOODWILL IMPAIRMENT TESTING 
In April of each year, Dominion Energy tests its goodwill for 
potential impairment, and performs additional tests more fre-
quently if an event occurs or circumstances change in the interim 
that would more-likely-than-not reduce the fair value of a report-
ing unit below its carrying amount. The 2024, 2023 and 2022 
annual test did not result in the recognition of any goodwill 
impairment. 
In general, Dominion Energy estimates the fair value of its 
reporting units by using a combination of discounted cash flows 
and other valuation techniques that use multiples of earnings for 
peer group companies and analyses of recent business combina-
tions involving peer group companies. Fair value estimates are 
dependent on subjective factors such as Dominion Energy’s esti-
mate of future cash flows, the selection of appropriate discount 
and growth rates and the selection of peer group companies and 
recent transactions. These underlying assumptions and estimates 
are made as of a point in time; subsequent modifications, partic-
ularly changes in discount rates or growth rates inherent in 
Dominion Energy’s estimates of future cash flows, could result in 
a future impairment of goodwill. Although Dominion Energy has 
consistently applied the same methods in developing the assump-
tions and estimates that underlie the fair value calculations, such 
as estimates of future cash flows, and based those estimates on 
relevant information available at the time, such cash flow esti-
mates are highly uncertain by nature and may vary significantly 
from actual results. If the estimates of future cash flows used in 
46 

the most recent test had been 10% lower or if the discount rate 
had been 0.25% higher, the resulting fair values would have still 
been greater than the carrying values of each of those reporting 
units tested, indicating that no impairment was present. 
In addition to the annual goodwill impairment testing 
described above, Dominion Energy’s calculations during the 
fourth quarter of 2023 and first quarter of 2024 of the expected 
gain or loss on the Questar Gas and East Ohio Transactions 
resulted in an impairment of the related goodwill totaling 
$238 million and $78 million, respectively, reflected in dis-
continued operations in Dominion Energy’s Consolidated State-
ments of Income. 
See Notes 2 and 11 to the Consolidated Financial Statements 
for additional information. 
USE OF ESTIMATES IN LONG-LIVED ASSET IMPAIRMENT 
TESTING 
Impairment testing for an individual or group of long-lived assets, 
including intangible assets with definite lives, is required when 
circumstances indicate those assets may be impaired. When a 
long-lived asset’s carrying amount exceeds the undiscounted esti-
mated future cash flows associated with the asset, the asset is con-
sidered impaired to the extent that the asset’s fair value is less than 
its carrying amount. Performing an impairment test on long-lived 
assets involves judgment in areas such as identifying if circum-
stances indicate an impairment may exist, identifying and group-
ing affected assets in the case of long-lived assets and developing 
the undiscounted and discounted estimated future cash flows 
(used to estimate fair value in the absence of a market-based 
value) associated with the asset, including probability weighting 
such cash flows to reflect expectations about possible variations in 
their amounts or timing, expectations about the operations of the 
long-lived assets and the selection of an appropriate discount rate. 
When determining whether a long-lived asset or asset group has 
been impaired, management groups assets at the lowest level that 
has identifiable cash flows. Although cash flow estimates are based 
on relevant information available at the time the estimates are 
made, estimates of future cash flows are, by nature, highly 
uncertain and may vary significantly from actual results. For 
example, estimates of future cash flows would contemplate factors 
which may change over time, such as the expected use of the asset 
or underlying assets of equity method investees, including future 
production and sales levels, expected fluctuations of prices of 
commodities sold and consumed and expected proceeds from 
dispositions. In 2022, Dominion Energy determined that its 
nonregulated solar generation assets within Contracted Energy 
were impaired. The estimates of future cash flows and selection of 
a discount rate are considered to be critical assumptions. A 10% 
decrease in projected future pre-tax cash flows would have 
resulted in a $52 million increase to the impairment charge 
recorded. A 0.25% increase in the discount rate would have 
resulted in a $9 million increase to the impairment charge 
recorded. See Note 10 to the Consolidated Financial Statements 
for further information concerning the impairment related to 
certain of Dominion Energy’s nonregulated solar generation 
assets. There were no tests performed in 2024 or 2023 of long-
lived assets which could have resulted in material impairments. 
HELD FOR SALE CLASSIFICATION 
Dominion Energy recognizes the assets and liabilities of a disposal 
group as held for sale in the period (i) it has approved and com-
mitted to a plan to sell the disposal group, (ii) the disposal group 
is available for immediate sale in its present condition, (iii) an 
active program to locate a buyer and other actions required to sell 
the disposal group have been initiated, (iv) the sale of the disposal 
group is probable, (v) the disposal group is being actively mar-
keted for sale at a price that is reasonable in relation to its current 
fair value and (vi) it is unlikely that significant changes to the plan 
will be made or that the plan will be withdrawn. Dominion 
Energy initially measures a disposal group that is classified as held 
for sale at the lower of its carrying value or fair value less any costs 
to sell. Any loss resulting from this measurement is recognized in 
the period in which the held for sale criteria are met. Conversely, 
gains are not recognized on the sale of a disposal group until clos-
ing. Upon designation as held for sale, Dominion Energy stops 
recording depreciation expense and assesses the fair value of the 
disposal group less any costs to sell at each reporting period and 
until it is no longer classified as held for sale. 
The determination as to whether the sale of the disposal 
group is probable may include significant judgments from man-
agement related to the expectation of obtaining approvals from 
applicable regulatory agencies such as state utility regulatory 
commissions, FERC or the U.S. Federal Trade Commission. This 
analysis is generally based on orders issued by regulatory commis-
sions, past experience and discussions with applicable regulatory 
authorities and legal counsel. 
See Note 3 to the Consolidated Financial Statements for addi-
tional information. 
EMPLOYEE BENEFIT PLANS 
Dominion Energy sponsors noncontributory defined benefit 
pension plans and other postretirement benefit plans for eligible 
active employees, retirees and qualifying dependents. The pro-
jected costs of providing benefits under these plans are dependent, 
in part, on historical information such as employee demographics, 
the level of contributions made to the plans and earnings on plan 
assets. Assumptions about the future, including the expected long-
term rate of return on plan assets, discount rates applied to benefit 
obligations, mortality rates and the anticipated rate of increase in 
healthcare costs and participant compensation, also have a sig-
nificant impact on employee benefit costs. The impact of changes 
in these factors, as well as differences between Dominion Energy’s 
assumptions and actual experience, is immediately recognized in 
earnings annually in the fourth quarter of each fiscal year as well 
as whenever a triggering event occurs that is determined to require 
remeasurement. Actuarial losses attributable to Dominion 
Energy’s rate regulated operations are deferred to regulatory assets 
when it is probable that regulators will permit them to be recov-
ered from customers in future rates. Likewise, actuarial gains 
attributable to Dominion Energy’s rate regulated operations are 
deferred to regulatory liabilities when it is probable that regulators 
will require customer refunds or other benefits through future 
rates. 
The expected long-term rates of return on plan assets, dis-
count rates, healthcare cost trend rates and mortality rates are crit-
ical assumptions. Dominion Energy determines the expected 
47 

Management’s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations, Continued 
long-term rates of return on plan assets for pension plans and 
other postretirement benefit plans by using a combination of: 
• 
Expected inflation and risk-free interest rate assumptions; 
• 
Historical return analysis to determine long-term historic 
returns as well as historic risk premiums for various asset 
classes; 
• 
Expected future risk premiums, asset classes’ volatilities and 
correlations; 
• 
Forward-looking return expectations derived from the yield 
on long-term bonds and the expected long-term returns of 
major capital market assumptions; and 
• 
Investment allocation of plan assets. In December 2024, 
Dominion Energy revised its long-term strategic target asset 
allocation for its pension funds to 30% public equity 
(inclusive of both U.S. equity and non-U.S. equity), 27% 
fixed income and 43% other alternative investments, such as 
private equity, private debt and hedge fund investments. 
Through December 2024, Dominion Energy’s long-term 
strategic target asset allocation was 26% U.S. equity, 19% 
non-U.S. equity, 32% fixed income, 3% real assets and 20% 
other alternative investments. 
Strategic investment policies are established for Dominion 
Energy’s prefunded benefit plans based upon periodic asset/ 
liability studies. Factors considered in setting the investment 
policy include those mentioned above such as employee demo-
graphics, liability growth rates, future discount rates, the funded 
status of the plans and the expected long-term rate of return on 
plan assets. Deviations from the plans’ strategic allocation are a 
function of Dominion Energy’s assessments regarding short-term 
risk and reward opportunities in the capital markets and/or short-
term market movements which result in the plans’ actual asset 
allocations varying from the strategic target asset allocations. 
Through periodic rebalancing, actual allocations are brought back 
in line with the targets. Future asset/liability studies will focus on 
strategies to further reduce pension and other postretirement plan 
risk, while still achieving attractive levels of returns. 
Dominion Energy develops its critical assumptions, which are 
then compared to the forecasts of an independent investment 
advisor or an independent actuary, as applicable, to ensure 
reasonableness. An internal committee selects the final assump-
tions. Dominion Energy calculated its pension cost using an 
expected long-term rate of return on plan assets assumption that 
ranged from 7.00% to 8.35% for each of 2024, 2023 and 2022. 
For 2025, the expected long-term rate of return for the pension 
cost assumption is 7.35% for Dominion Energy’s plans held as of 
December 31, 2024. Dominion Energy calculated its other post-
retirement benefit cost using an expected long-term rate of return 
on plan assets assumption of 8.35% for each of 2024, 2023 and 
2022. For 2025, the expected long-term rate of return for other 
postretirement benefit cost assumption is 7.35%. 
Dominion Energy determines discount rates from analyses of 
AA/Aa rated bonds with cash flows matching the expected pay-
ments to be made under its plans. The discount rates used to 
calculate pension cost and other postretirement benefit cost 
ranged from 5.37% to 5.75% for pension plans and 5.40% to 
5.74% for other postretirement benefit plans in 2024, ranged 
from 5.65% to 5.75% for pension plans and 5.69% to 5.70% for 
other postretirement benefit plans in 2023 and ranged from 
3.06% to 3.19% for pension plans and 3.04% to 5.03% for other 
postretirement benefit plans in 2022. Dominion Energy selected a 
discount rate ranging from 5.84% to 5.87% for pension plans 
and 5.83% to 5.86% for other postretirement benefit plans for 
determining its December 31, 2024 projected benefit obligations. 
Dominion Energy establishes the healthcare cost trend rate 
assumption based on analyses of various factors including the 
specific provisions of its medical plans, actual cost trends experi-
enced and projected and demographics of plan participants. 
Dominion Energy’s healthcare cost trend rate assumption as of 
December 31, 2024 was 7.00% and is expected to gradually 
decrease to 5.00% by 2032 and continue at that rate for years 
thereafter. 
The following table illustrates the effect on cost of changing 
the critical actuarial assumptions discussed above, while holding 
all other assumptions constant: 
Increase in 2024 Net 
Periodic Cost 
Change in 
Actuarial 
Assumptions 
Pension 
Benefits 
Other 
Postretirement 
Benefits 
(millions, except percentages) 
Discount rate 
(0.25)% 
$11 
$1 
Long-term rate of return on 
plan assets 
(0.25)% 
26 
5 
Health care cost trend rate 
1% 
N/A 
8 
In addition to the effects on cost, a 0.25% decrease in the 
discount rate would increase Dominion Energy’s projected pen-
sion benefit obligation at December 31, 2024 by $187 million 
and its accumulated postretirement benefit obligation at 
December 31, 2024 by $23 million, while a 1.00% increase in 
the healthcare cost trend rate would increase its accumulated 
postretirement benefit obligation at December 31, 2024 by 
$61 million. 
See Note 22 to the Consolidated Financial Statements for 
additional information on Dominion Energy’s employee benefit 
plans. 
New Accounting Standards 
See Note 2 to the Consolidated Financial Statements for a 
discussion of new accounting standards. 
RESULTS OF OPERATIONS 
DOMINION ENERGY 
Presented below is a summary of Dominion Energy’s 
consolidated results: 
Year Ended December 31, 
2024 
$ Change 
2023 
$ Change 
2022 
(millions, except EPS) 
Net income 
attributable to 
Dominion Energy 
$2,124 
$ 93 
$2,031 
$ 840 
$1,191 
Diluted EPS 
2.44 
0.11 
2.33 
1.00 
1.33 
48 

Overview 
2024 VS. 2023 
Net income attributable to Dominion Energy increased 5%, 
primarily due to the absence of a charge to reflect the recognition 
of deferred taxes on the outside basis of stock associated with East 
Ohio, PSNC, Questar Gas and Wexpro meeting the classification 
as held for sale, a decrease in impairments associated with the East 
Ohio and Questar Gas Transactions, an increase in net invest-
ment earnings on nuclear decommissioning trust funds, the 
absence of depreciation expense associated with the East Ohio, 
PSNC and Questar Gas Transactions upon meeting the classi-
fication as held for sale, higher rider equity returns reflecting 
increased capital investments at Virginia Power, an increase in 
sales to electric utility customers attributable to weather and the 
absence of amortization associated with the 2021 Triennial 
Review. These increases were partially offset by the closings of the 
East Ohio, PSNC and Questar Gas Transactions, a charge for 
costs not expected to be recovered from customers on the CVOW 
Commercial Project, the absence of a gain and equity method 
earnings from the sale of Dominion Energy’s remaining non-
controlling interest in Cove Point, increased unrealized losses on 
economic hedging activities, lower market related impacts on 
pension and other postretirement plans and the impact of 2023 
Virginia legislation. 
2023 VS. 2022 
Net income attributable to Dominion Energy increased 71%, 
primarily due to the absences of a charge associated with the 
impairment of certain nonregulated solar generation facilities, a 
loss associated with the sale of Kewaunee, a charge for RGGI 
compliance costs deemed recovered through base rates and a 
charge in connection with a comprehensive settlement agreement 
for Virginia fuel expenses. In addition, there was an increase in 
net investment earnings on nuclear decommissioning trust funds, 
a gain on the sale of Dominion Energy’s remaining non-
controlling interest in Cove Point, increased unrealized gains on 
economic hedging activities, a net decrease in dismantling costs 
associated with the early retirement of certain electric generation 
facilities at Virginia Power and higher market related impacts on 
pension and other postretirement plans. These increases were 
partially offset by a charge to reflect the recognition of deferred 
taxes on the outside basis of stock associated with East Ohio, 
PSNC, Questar Gas and Wexpro meeting the classification as 
held for sale, an impairment associated with the East Ohio and 
Questar Gas Transactions, a decrease in sales to electric utility 
customers attributable to weather and a decrease from the impact 
of 2023 Virginia legislation. 
Analysis of Consolidated Operations 
Presented below are selected amounts related to Dominion 
Energy’s results of operations: 
Year Ended December 31, 
2024 $ Change 
2023 $ Change 
2022 
(millions) 
Operating revenue 
$14,459 
$ 66 $14,393 $ 
455 $13,938 
Electric fuel and other 
energy-related purchases 
3,614 
(321) 
3,935 
224 
3,711 
Purchased electric capacity 
74 
19 
55 
(4) 
59 
Purchased gas 
260 
(25) 
285 
(141) 
426 
Other operations and 
maintenance 
3,589 
429 
3,160 
(205) 
3,365 
Depreciation and 
amortization 
2,345 
(235) 
2,580 
138 
2,442 
Other taxes 
731 
47 
684 
9 
675 
Impairment of assets and 
other charges 
600 
293 
307 (1,094) 
1,401 
Losses (gains) on sales of 
assets 
(1) 
26 
(27) 
(439) 
412 
Other income (expense) 
822 
(162) 
984 
1,101 
(117) 
Interest and related charges 
1,887 
213 
1,674 
672 
1,002 
Income tax expense 
308 
(260) 
568 
509 
59 
Net income (loss) from 
discontinued operations 
including 
noncontrolling interests 
197 
322 
(125) (1,047) 
922 
Noncontrolling interests 
(53) 
(53) 
— 
— 
— 
An analysis of Dominion Energy’s results of operations fol-
lows: 
2024 VS. 2023 
Operating revenue remained substantially consistent, primarily 
reflecting: 
• 
A $747 million increase to recover the costs and an authorized 
return, as applicable, associated with Virginia Power non-fuel 
riders; 
• 
A $173 million increase in sales to electric utility retail custom-
ers, primarily due to an increase in cooling degree days during 
the cooling season ($107 million) and an increase in heating 
degree days during the heating season ($66 million); 
• 
A $155 million increase in sales to electric utility retail custom-
ers associated with growth; 
• 
A $124 million increase from fewer outages at Millstone, 
including the relative effect of fewer planned outages 
($100 million) and unplanned outages ($24 million); 
• 
A $90 million net increase from electric utility customers who 
elect to pay market based or other negotiated rates, including 
settlements of economic hedges at Virginia Power prior to 
March 2024; 
• 
A $60 million increase in non-fuel base rates associated with 
the settlement of the electric base rate case in South Carolina; 
and 
• 
A $43 million net increase in transition service agreements 
primarily associated with the East Ohio, Questar Gas and 
PSNC Transactions. 
These increases were substantially offset by: 
• 
A $687 million net decrease associated with market prices 
affecting Millstone, including economic hedging impacts of 
net realized and unrealized losses on freestanding derivatives 
($696 million); 
49 

Management’s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations, Continued 
• 
A $336 million net decrease in fuel-related revenue as a result 
of a decrease in commodity costs associated with sales to elec-
tric utility retail customers, including revenue for the deferred 
fuel securitization and electric utility customers who elect to 
pay market based or other negotiated rates and related settle-
ments of economic hedges at Virginia Power effective March 
2024; 
• 
A $184 million decrease from the combination of certain 
riders into base rates at Virginia Power as a result of 2023 
Virginia legislation; 
• 
A $139 million decrease in sales to electric utility retail cus-
tomers associated with economic and other usage factors; 
• 
A $24 million decrease in fuel-related revenue as a result of a 
decrease in commodity costs associated with sales to gas utility 
customers; and 
• 
A $22 million decrease due to one-time credits to customers 
associated with the 2023 Biennial Review and the electric base 
rate case in South Carolina. 
Electric fuel and other energy-related purchases decreased 
8%, primarily due to lower commodity costs for electric utilities 
($408 million), partially offset by an increase in the use of pur-
chased renewable energy credits at Virginia Power ($47 million), 
which are offset in operating revenue and do not impact net 
income. 
Other operations and maintenance increased 14%, primarily 
reflecting: 
• 
A $111 million increase in certain Virginia Power 
expenditures which are primarily recovered through state- and 
FERC-regulated rates and do not impact net income; 
• 
A $78 million increase in outside services; 
• 
A $71 million increase in salaries, wages and benefits; 
• 
A $63 million increase in costs associated with the business 
review completed in March 2024; 
• 
A $43 million increase from the combination of certain riders 
into base rates as a result of 2023 Virginia legislation; 
• 
A $29 million increase in materials and supplies expense; and 
• 
A $25 million increase associated with an accrual for 
remediation costs at a manufactured gas plant site at Virginia 
Power. 
These increases were partially offset by: 
• 
A $48 million net decrease in outage costs due to lower out-
age costs at Millstone ($74 million) partially offset by higher 
outage costs at Virginia Power ($26 million); and 
• 
A $21 million decrease in bad debt expense. 
Depreciation and amortization decreased 9%, primarily 
reflecting: 
• 
The absence of $244 million in amortization of a regulatory 
asset established in the settlement of the 2021 Triennial 
Review; 
• 
A $67 million decrease in amortization associated with 
Virginia Power non-fuel riders, which is offset in operating 
revenue and does not impact net income; 
• 
A $35 million decrease due to revised estimated useful lives at 
Millstone; and 
• 
A $17 million decrease due to revised depreciation rates for 
Bath County. 
These decreases were partially offset by: 
• 
A $55 million increase in RGGI-related amortization, which 
is offset in operating revenue and does not impact net income; 
and 
• 
A $53 million increase due to various projects being placed 
into service. 
Impairment of assets and other charges increased 95%, 
primarily reflecting: 
• 
A charge for costs not expected to be recovered from custom-
ers on 100% of the CVOW Commercial Project ($206 
million); 
• 
Charges for the impairment of certain nonregulated renewable 
natural gas facilities ($60 million); 
• 
A $55 million charge in connection with the electric base rate 
case in South Carolina primarily to write down certain 
materials and supplies inventory; 
• 
A net increase in dismantling costs and other activities asso-
ciated with certain retired electric generation facilities at Vir-
ginia Power ($55 million); 
• 
A charge in connection with a settlement of an agreement 
($47 million); 
• 
An increase in charges related to the revision of AROs for 
Millstone Unit 1 ($39 million); and 
• 
A charge related to the write-off of certain early-stage develop-
ment costs at Virginia Power ($30 million). 
These increases were partially offset by: 
• 
A decrease in impairments of corporate office buildings 
($73 million); 
• 
The absence of a charge for an easement related to the 
CVOW Commercial Project for which Virginia Power will 
not seek recovery ($65 million); 
• 
The absence of a charge for the write-off of certain previously 
deferred amounts related to the cessation of certain riders 
effective July 2023 ($36 million); and 
• 
The absence of a charge associated with the abandonment of 
certain regulated solar generation and other facilities at 
Virginia Power ($25 million). 
Gains on sales of assets decreased 96%, primarily due to the 
absence of a gain on the transfer of certain utility property in 
South Carolina. 
Other income decreased 16%, primarily due to lower market 
related impacts on pension and other postretirement plans 
($351 million) and an increase in charitable commitments 
($58 million), partially offset by an increase in net investment 
gains on nuclear decommissioning trust funds ($164 million), an 
increase in earnings from other investments ($42 million), the 
absence of Dominion Energy’s share of an impairment of certain 
property, plant and equipment at Align RNG ($35 million) and 
an increase in AFUDC associated with rate-regulated projects 
($35 million). 
Interest and related charges increased 13%, primarily reflect-
ing: 
• 
Net issuances of long-term debt ($230 million); 
• 
Lower unrealized gains in 2024 compared to 2023 associated 
with freestanding derivatives ($135 million); 
• 
Charges incurred due to early debt repayments associated with 
the business review completed in March 2024 ($20 million); 
50 

• 
Increased interest expense associated with rider deferrals 
($13 million), which is offset in operating revenue and does 
not impact net income; and 
• 
Higher interest rates on commercial paper and long-term debt 
($11 million). 
These increases were partially offset by: 
• 
A decrease in borrowings under the 364-day term loan facili-
ties ($105 million); 
• 
Variable rate debt repaid from business review proceeds 
($69 million); 
• 
A decrease in commercial paper ($30 million); and 
• 
Increased premiums received in 2024 compared to 2023 on 
interest rate derivatives ($17 million). 
Income tax expense decreased 46%, primarily due to lower 
pre-tax income ($128 million) and an increase in a nuclear pro-
duction tax credit ($89 million). 
Net income from discontinued operations including non-
controlling interests increased $322 million, primarily due to the 
absence of charges reflecting the recognition of deferred taxes on 
the outside basis of stock associated with East Ohio, PSNC, 
Questar Gas and Wexpro meeting the classification as held for 
sale ($835 million), a decrease in impairments associated with the 
East Ohio and Questar Gas Transactions ($197 million), the 
absence of depreciation expense associated with the East Ohio, 
PSNC and Questar Gas Transactions upon meeting the classi-
fication as held for sale ($211 million), the absence of interest 
expense on variable rate debt secured by Dominion Energy’s 
interest in Cove Point ($72 million), a gain upon the closing of 
the Questar Gas Transaction ($42 million), the absence of an 
impairment charge associated with the impairment of Birdseye 
($34 million), the absence of charges associated with the impair-
ment of the Madison solar project ($19 million) and the absence 
of an impairment charge of certain nonregulated solar assets 
($11 million), partially offset by the absence of a gain on the sale 
of Dominion Energy’s remaining noncontrolling interest in Cove 
Point ($348 million), the absence of earnings from operations 
following the closing of the East Ohio Transaction ($299 million) 
and Questar Gas Transaction ($138 million), the absence of 
equity method earnings from the sale of Dominion Energy’s 
noncontrolling interest in Cove Point ($163 million), a loss on 
the closing of the East Ohio Transaction ($109 million), charges 
for employee benefit items related to the East Ohio Transaction 
($33 million), a loss on the closing of the PSNC Transaction 
($31 million) and higher tax expense associated with the PSNC 
Transaction ($16 million). 
Noncontrolling interests decreased $53 million, due to the 
50% noncontrolling interest in the CVOW Commercial Project 
sold to Stonepeak in October 2024, consisting of Stonepeak’s 
share of a charge for costs not expected to be recovered from cus-
tomers on the CVOW Commercial Project ($103 million) parti-
ally offset by its share of the remaining earnings associated with 
the CVOW Commercial Project subsequent to closing. 
2023 VS. 2022 
Operating revenue increased 3%, primarily reflecting: 
• 
A $794 million net increase associated with market prices 
affecting Millstone, including economic hedging impacts of 
net realized and unrealized gains on freestanding derivatives 
($1.1 billion); 
• 
A $298 million increase to recover the costs and an authorized 
return, as applicable, associated with Virginia Power non-fuel 
riders; 
• 
A $125 million net increase in fuel-related revenue as a result 
of an increase in commodity costs associated with sales to 
electric utility retail customers ($223 million) and a decrease 
in commodity costs associated with sales to gas utility 
customers ($98 million); 
• 
A $102 million increase in sales to electric utility retail custom-
ers associated with economic and other usage factors; 
• 
A $66 million increase in sales to electric utility retail custom-
ers associated with growth; and 
• 
The absence of a $20 million decrease associated with storm 
damage primarily from winter storms in Virginia. 
These increases were partially offset by: 
• 
A $212 million decrease in sales to electric utility retail cus-
tomers, primarily due to a decrease in heating degree days 
during the heating season ($148 million) and a decrease in 
cooling degree days during the cooling season ($64 million); 
• 
A $206 million decrease from the combination of certain 
riders into base rates at Virginia Power as a result of 2023 
Virginia legislation; 
• 
A $170 million decrease from planned outages ($94 million) 
and unplanned outages ($76 million) at Millstone; 
• 
A $135 million net decrease from electric utility customers 
who elect to pay market based or other negotiated rates, 
including settlements of economic hedges at Virginia Power; 
• 
A $109 million decrease from the sale of Hope; and 
• 
A $27 million decrease in PJM off-system sales at Virginia 
Power. 
Electric fuel and other energy-related purchases increased 
6%, primarily due to higher commodity costs for electric utilities 
($223 million) and an increase in the use of purchased renewable 
energy credits at Virginia Power ($55 million), partially offset by 
a decrease in PJM off-system sales at Virginia Power ($27 
million); all of which are offset in operating revenue and do not 
impact net income. 
Purchased gas decreased 33%, primarily due to a decrease in 
commodity costs for gas utility operations ($98 million), which 
are offset in operating revenue and do not impact net income, 
and a decrease from the sale of Hope ($43 million). 
Other operations and maintenance decreased 6%, primarily 
reflecting: 
• 
A $187 million decrease in certain Virginia Power 
expenditures which are primarily recovered through state- and 
FERC-regulated rates and do not impact net income; 
• 
A $100 million decrease in storm damage and restoration 
costs in Virginia Power’s service territory; 
• 
A $25 million decrease from the sale of Hope; and 
• 
A $22 million decrease from materials and supplies expense. 
These decreases were partially offset by: 
• 
A $76 million increase in outage costs at Millstone ($66 mil-
lion) and Virginia Power ($10 million); 
51 

Management’s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations, Continued 
• 
A $32 million increase from the combination of certain riders 
into base rates at Virginia Power as a result of 2023 Virginia 
legislation; and 
• 
A $30 million increase in outside services. 
Depreciation and amortization increased 6%, primarily due 
to various projects being placed into service ($159 million), parti-
ally offset by decrease due to the impairment of certain non-
regulated solar generation facilities in 2022 ($19 million). 
Impairment of assets and other charges decreased 78%, 
primarily reflecting: 
• 
The absence of a charge associated with the impairment of 
certain nonregulated solar generation facilities ($829 million); 
• 
The absence of a charge in connection with a comprehensive 
settlement agreement for Virginia fuel expenses 
($191 million); 
• 
A net decrease in dismantling costs and other activities asso-
ciated with certain retired electric generation facilities at Vir-
ginia Power ($182 million); 
• 
The absence of a charge for RGGI compliance costs deemed 
recovered through base rates at Virginia Power 
($180 million); and 
• 
The absence of a charge for the write-off of inventory 
($40 million). 
These decreases were partially offset by: 
• 
The impairment of a corporate office building ($93 million); 
• 
A charge related to the revision of AROs for Millstone Unit 1 
($83 million); 
• 
A charge for an easement related to the CVOW Commercial 
Project for which Virginia Power will not seek recovery 
($65 million); 
• 
A charge for the write-off of certain previously deferred 
amounts related to the cessation of certain riders effective July 
2023 ($36 million); and 
• 
A charge associated with the abandonment of certain regu-
lated solar generation and other facilities at Virginia Power 
($25 million). 
Gains on sales of assets increased $439 million, primarily due 
to the absence of a loss associated with the sale of Kewaunee 
($649 million), partially offset by the absence of a gain on the 
contribution of certain privatization operations to Dominion 
Privatization ($155 million). 
Other income increased $1.1 billion, primarily due to net 
investment gains in 2023 compared to net investment losses in 
2022 on nuclear decommissioning trust funds ($968 million) and 
higher market related impacts on pension and other postretire-
ment plans ($218 million), partially offset by Dominion Energy’s 
share of an impairment of certain property, plant and equipment 
at Align RNG ($35 million). 
Interest and related charges increased 67%, primarily due to 
increased commercial paper and long-term debt borrowings 
($198 million), higher interest rates on commercial paper and 
long-term debt ($178 million), lower unrealized gains in 2023 
compared to 2022 associated with freestanding derivatives ($173 
million), higher interest rates on variable rate debt and cash flow 
interest rate swaps ($124 million), lower premiums received on 
interest rate derivatives ($60 million), and the absence of benefits 
associated with the early redemption of certain securities in the 
third and fourth quarters of 2022 ($35 million), partially offset by 
increased interest costs subject to recovery through riders ($38 
million). 
Income tax expense increased $509 million, primarily due to 
higher pre-tax income ($573 million) and an increase in con-
solidated state deferred income taxes associated with the East 
Ohio, PSNC and Questar Gas Transactions and the sale of 
Dominion Energy’s 50% noncontrolling interest in Cove Point 
($29 million), partially offset by the absence of tax expense on the 
sale of Hope’s stock ($90 million) and decreased consolidated 
state deferred income taxes on pre-tax gains from nuclear 
decommissioning trusts and economic hedges ($12 million). 
Net income from discontinued operations including non-
controlling interests decreased $1.0 billion, primarily due to 
charges reflecting the recognition of deferred taxes on the outside 
basis of stock associated with East Ohio, PSNC, Questar Gas and 
Wexpro meeting the classification as held for sale that will reverse 
when the sale is completed ($835 million), an impairment asso-
ciated with the East Ohio and Questar Gas Transactions 
($275 million), lower unrealized gains in 2023 compared to 2022 
on interest rate derivatives for economic hedging of debt secured 
by Dominion Energy’s interest in Cove Point ($169 million), a 
decrease in equity method earnings from the sale of Dominion 
Energy’s noncontrolling interest in Cove Point ($44 million), a 
charge associated with the impairment of Birdseye ($34 million), 
an increase in interest expense primarily associated with debt issu-
ances in 2022 ($31 million), the absence of a gain associated with 
the Q-Pipe Group for the finalization of the working capital 
adjustment in the first quarter of 2022 ($20 million) and an 
impairment charge of certain nonregulated solar assets 
($11 million), partially offset by the gain on the sale of Dominion 
Energy’s remaining noncontrolling interest in Cove Point 
($348 million), a net decrease in charges associated with the 
impairment of the Madison solar project ($57 million) and an 
increase following the approved base rate case for Questar Gas 
($42 million). 
VIRGINIA POWER 
Presented below is a summary of Virginia Power’s consolidated 
results: 
Year Ended December 31, 
2024 $ Change 
2023 $ Change 
2022 
(millions) 
Net income attributable to 
Virginia Power 
$1,910 
$458 $1,452 
$340 $1,112 
Overview 
2024 VS. 2023 
Net income attributable to Virginia Power increased 32%, primar-
ily due to the absence of amortization associated with the 2021 
Triennial Review, higher rider equity returns reflecting increased 
capital investments and an increase in sales to electric utility cus-
tomers attributable to weather and other customer-related factors, 
partially offset by a charge for costs not expected to be recovered 
from customers on the CVOW Commercial Project and the 
impact of 2023 Virginia legislation. 
52 

2023 VS. 2022 
Net income attributable to Virginia Power increased 31%, primar-
ily due to the absences of a charge for RGGI compliance costs 
deemed recovered through base rates and a charge in connection 
with a comprehensive settlement agreement for Virginia fuel 
expenses as well as an increase in net investment earnings on 
nuclear decommissioning trust funds, a decrease in storm damage 
and service restoration costs and a net decrease in dismantling 
costs associated with the early retirement of certain electric gen-
eration facilities, partially offset by a decrease in sales to electric 
utility customers attributable to weather and the impact of 2023 
Virginia legislation. 
Analysis of Consolidated Operations 
Presented below are selected amounts related to Virginia Power’s 
results of operations: 
Year Ended December 31, 
2024 $ Change 
2023 $ Change 
2022 
(millions) 
Operating revenue 
$10,235 
$ 662 
$9,573 
$ (81) $9,654 
Electric fuel and other 
energy-related purchases 
2,743 
(175) 
2,918 
5 
2,913 
Purchased electric capacity 
68 
22 
46 
— 
46 
Other operations and 
maintenance 
2,237 
386 
1,851 
(200) 
2,051 
Depreciation and 
amortization 
1,644 
(227) 
1,871 
135 
1,736 
Other taxes 
333 
35 
298 
(5) 
303 
Impairment of assets and 
other charges 
292 
177 
115 
(442) 
557 
Other income (expense) 
195 
64 
131 
131 
— 
Interest and related charges 
848 
84 
764 
122 
642 
Income tax expense 
408 
19 
389 
95 
294 
Noncontrolling interests 
(53) 
(53) 
— 
— 
— 
An analysis of Virginia Power’s results of operations follows: 
2024 VS. 2023 
Operating revenue increased 7%, primarily reflecting: 
• 
A $747 million increase to recover the costs and an authorized 
return, as applicable, associated with non-fuel riders; 
• 
A $130 million increase in sales to electric utility retail custom-
ers associated with growth; 
• 
A $124 million increase in sales to electric utility retail custom-
ers, primarily due to an increase in cooling degree days during 
the cooling season ($78 million) and an increase in heating 
degree days during the heating season ($46 million); 
• 
An $85 million increase from electric utility customers who 
elect to pay market based or other negotiated rates, including 
settlements of economic hedges prior to March 2024; and 
• 
An $18 million increase in sales to customers from 
non-jurisdictional solar generation facilities. 
These increases were partially offset by: 
• 
A $184 million decrease from the combination of certain 
riders into base rates as a result of 2023 Virginia legislation; 
• 
A $154 million net decrease in fuel-related revenue as a result 
of a decrease in commodity costs associated with sales to elec-
tric utility retail customers, including revenue for the deferred 
fuel securitization and electric utility customers who elect to 
pay market based or other negotiated rates and related settle-
ments of economic hedges effective March 2024; 
• 
A $122 million decrease in sales to electric utility retail cus-
tomers associated with economic and other usage factors; and 
• 
A $15 million decrease due to one-time credits to customers 
associated with the 2023 Biennial Review. 
Electric fuel and other energy-related purchases decreased 
6%, primarily due to lower commodity costs for electric utilities 
($226 million), partially offset by an increase in the use of pur-
chased renewable energy credits ($47 million), which are offset in 
operating revenue and do not impact net income. 
Purchased electric capacity increased 48%, primarily due to 
new capacity contracts and changes in existing capacity contracts. 
Other operations and maintenance increased 21%, primarily 
reflecting: 
• 
A $111 million increase in certain expenditures which are 
primarily recovered through state- and FERC-regulated rates 
and do not impact net income; 
• 
A $67 million increase in salaries, wages and benefits and 
administrative costs; 
• 
A $48 million increase in outside services; 
• 
A $43 million increase from the combination of certain riders 
into base rates as a result of 2023 Virginia legislation; 
• 
A $27 million increase in materials and supplies expense; 
• 
A $26 million increase in outage costs; 
• 
A $25 million increase associated with an accrual for 
remediation costs at a manufactured gas plant site; and 
• 
A $15 million increase in tree trimming and vegetation 
management. 
These increases were partially offset by: 
• 
A $19 million decrease in bad debt expense. 
Depreciation and amortization decreased 12%, primarily 
reflecting: 
• 
The absence of $244 million in amortization of a regulatory 
asset established in the settlement of the 2021 Triennial 
Review; 
• 
A $67 million decrease in amortization associated with 
non-fuel riders, which is offset in operating revenue and does 
not impact net income; and 
• 
A $17 million decrease due to revised depreciation rates for 
Bath County. 
These decreases were partially offset by: 
• 
A $55 million increase in RGGI-related amortization, which 
is offset in operating revenue and does not impact net income; 
and 
• 
A $42 million increase due to various projects being placed 
into service. 
Other taxes increased 12%, primarily due to higher property 
taxes. 
Impairment of assets and other charges increased 
$177 million, primarily reflecting: 
• 
A charge for costs not expected to be recovered from custom-
ers on 100% of the CVOW Commercial Project 
($206 million); 
53 

Management’s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations, Continued 
• 
A net increase in dismantling costs and other activities asso-
ciated with certain retired electric generation facilities 
($55 million); and 
• 
A charge related to the write-off of certain early-stage develop-
ment costs ($30 million). 
These increases were partially offset by: 
• 
The absence of a charge for an easement related to the 
CVOW Commercial Project for which Virginia Power will 
not seek recovery ($65 million); 
• 
The absence of a charge for the write-off of certain previously 
deferred amounts related to the cessation of certain riders 
effective July 2023 ($36 million); and 
• 
The absence of a charge associated with the abandonment of 
certain regulated solar generation and other facilities ($25 
million). 
Other income increased 49%, primarily due to an increase in 
AFUDC associated with rate-regulated projects ($33 million) and 
an increase in net investment gains on nuclear decommissioning 
trust funds ($29 million). 
Interest and related charges increased 11%, primarily due to 
an increase in long-term debt borrowings ($178 million) and 
increased interest expense associated with rider deferrals ($13 
million), which is offset in operating revenue and does not impact 
net income, partially offset by a decrease in principal on commer-
cial paper and intercompany borrowings with Dominion Energy 
($89 million) and lower interest rates on commercial paper, long-
term debt and intercompany borrowings with Dominion Energy 
($23 million). 
Income tax expense increased 5%, primarily due to higher 
pre-tax income ($106 million), partially offset by a nuclear pro-
duction tax credit ($89 million). 
Noncontrolling interests decreased $53 million, due to the 
50% noncontrolling interest in the CVOW Commercial Project 
sold to Stonepeak in October 2024, consisting of Stonepeak’s 
share of a charge for costs not expected to be recovered from cus-
tomers on the CVOW Commercial Project ($103 million) parti-
ally offset by its share of the remaining earnings associated with 
the CVOW Commercial Project subsequent to closing. 
2023 VS. 2022 
Operating revenue decreased 1%, primarily reflecting: 
• 
A $206 million decrease from the combination of certain 
riders into base rates as a result of 2023 Virginia legislation; 
• 
A $167 million decrease in sales to electric utility retail cus-
tomers from a decrease in heating degree days during the 
heating season ($118 million) and a decrease in cooling 
degree days during the cooling season ($49 million); 
• 
An $86 million net decrease from electric utility customers 
who elect to pay market based or other negotiated rates, 
including settlements of economic hedges; 
• 
A $27 million decrease in PJM off-system sales; and 
• 
A $19 million decrease from the absence of privatization 
operations. 
These decreases were partially offset by: 
• 
A $298 million increase to recover the costs and an authorized 
return, as applicable, associated with non-fuel riders; 
• 
A $126 million increase in sales to electric utility retail cus-
tomers associated with economic and other usage factors; and 
• 
A $37 million increase in sales to electric utility retail custom-
ers associated with growth. 
Electric fuel and other energy-related purchases increased 
$5 million, primarily due to an increase in the use of purchased 
renewable energy credits ($55 million), partially offset by a 
decrease in PJM off-system sales ($27 million); both of which are 
offset in operating revenue and do not impact net income and a 
decrease in purchased power costs ($13 million). 
Other operations and maintenance decreased 10%, primarily 
reflecting: 
• 
A $187 million decrease in certain expenses which are primar-
ily recovered through state- and FERC-regulated rates and do 
not impact net income; and 
• 
A $100 million decrease in storm damage and restoration 
costs. 
These decreases were partially offset by: 
• 
A $56 million increase in salaries, wages and benefits and 
administrative costs; 
• 
A $32 million increase from the combination of certain riders 
into base rates as a result of 2023 Virginia legislation; 
• 
A $27 million increase in outside services; and 
• 
A $15 million increase in bad debt expense. 
Impairment of assets and other charges (benefits) decreased 
79%, primarily reflecting: 
• 
The absence of a charge in connection with a comprehensive 
settlement agreement for Virginia fuel expenses 
($191 million); 
• 
A net decrease in dismantling costs and other activities asso-
ciated with certain retired electric generation facilities 
($182 million); 
• 
The absence of a charge for RGGI compliance costs deemed 
recovered through base rates ($180 million); and 
• 
A net decrease in charges for the write-off of inventory 
($14 million). 
These decreases were partially offset by: 
• 
A charge for an easement related to the CVOW Commercial 
Project for which Virginia Power will not seek recovery 
($65 million); 
• 
A charge for the write-off of certain previously deferred 
amounts related to the cessation of certain riders effective 
July 2023 ($36 million); and 
• 
A charge associated with the abandonment of certain regu-
lated solar generation and other facilities ($25 million). 
Other income increased $131 million, primarily due to net 
investment gains in 2023 compared to net investment losses in 
2022 on nuclear decommissioning trust funds. 
Interest and related charges increased 19%, primarily due to 
an increase in the average outstanding balance of commercial 
paper and intercompany borrowings with Dominion Energy, and 
increased long-term debt ($124 million) and higher interest rates 
on commercial paper, long-term debt and intercompany borrow-
ings with Dominion Energy ($39 million), partially offset by 
increased interest costs subject to recovery through riders 
($38 million). 
54 

Income tax expense increased 32%, primarily due to higher 
pre-tax income ($117 million) and lower investment tax credits 
($17 million), partially offset by the absence of the recognition of 
a deferred intercompany gain related to the transfer and sub-
sequent contribution of existing privatization operations in 
Virginia to Dominion Privatization ($34 million). 
SEGMENT RESULTS OF OPERATIONS 
Segment results include the impact of intersegment revenues and 
expenses, which may result in intersegment profit or loss. Pre-
sented below is a summary of contributions by Dominion 
Energy’s operating segments to net income (loss) attributable to 
Dominion Energy: 
Year Ended December 31, 
2024 
2023 
 
2022
Net 
income 
(loss) 
attributable 
to 
Dominion 
Energy EPS(1) 
Net 
income 
(loss) 
attributable 
to 
Dominion 
Energy 
EPS(1) 
Net 
income 
(loss) 
attributable 
to 
Dominion 
Energy EPS(1)
(millions, except EPS) 
 
 
Dominion Energy Virginia 
$2,011 $2.40 
$1,684 $2.01 
$1,905 $2.31 
Dominion Energy South 
Carolina 
398 
0.47 
377 
0.45 
505 
0.61 
Contracted Energy 
359 
0.43 
99 
0.12 
188 
0.23 
Corporate and Other 
(644) (0.86) 
(129) (0.25) 
(1,407) (1.82) 
Consolidated 
$2,124 $2.44 
$2,031 $2.33 
$1,191 $1.33 
(1) Consolidated results are presented on a diluted EPS basis. The dilutive 
impacts, primarily consisting of potential shares which had not yet been 
issued, are included within the results of the Corporate and Other seg-
ment. EPS contributions for Dominion Energy’s operating segments are 
presented utilizing basic average shares outstanding for the period. 
Dominion Energy Virginia 
Presented below are operating statistics related to Dominion 
Energy Virginia’s operations: 
Year Ended December 31, 
2024 
% Change 
2023 
% Change 
2022 
Electricity delivered 
(million MWh) 
94.5 
5% 
89.9 
—% 
90.0 
Electricity supplied 
(million MWh): 
Utility 
94.6 
5 
90.0 
— 
90.2 
Non-Jurisdictional 
1.7 
6 
1.6 
7 
1.5 
Degree days (electric 
distribution and utility 
service area): 
Cooling 
1,928 
17 
1,643 
(7) 
1,765 
Heating 
2,969 
5 
2,830 
(20) 
3,555 
Average electric 
distribution customer 
accounts 
(thousands) 
2,782 
1 
2,752 
1 
2,724 
Presented below, on an after-tax basis, are the key factors impact-
ing Dominion Energy Virginia’s net income contribution: 
2024 VS. 2023 
Increase (Decrease) 
Amount 
EPS 
(millions, except EPS) 
Weather 
$ 92 
$ 0.11 
Customer usage and other factors 
(6) 
(0.01) 
Customer-elected rate impacts 
63 
0.08 
Impact of 2023 Virginia legislation 
(142) 
(0.17) 
Rider equity return 
349 
0.42 
Electric capacity 
(19) 
(0.02) 
Storm damage and restoration costs 
(12) 
(0.01) 
Planned outage costs 
(24) 
(0.03) 
Nuclear production tax credit 
89 
0.11 
Sale of noncontrolling interest 
(50) 
(0.06) 
Depreciation and amortization 
(2) 
— 
Interest expense, net 
39 
0.05 
Other 
(50) 
(0.07) 
Share dilution 
— 
(0.01) 
Change in net income contribution 
$ 327 
$ 0.39 
2023 VS. 2022 
Increase (Decrease) 
Amount 
EPS 
(millions, except EPS) 
Weather 
$(126) 
$(0.15) 
Customer usage and other factors 
123 
0.15 
Customer-elected rate impacts 
(64) 
(0.08) 
Impact of 2023 Virginia legislation 
(155) 
(0.19) 
Rider equity return 
146 
0.18 
Storm damage and restoration costs 
12 
0.01 
Depreciation and amortization 
(27) 
(0.03) 
Renewable energy investment tax credits 
(17) 
(0.02) 
Interest expense, net 
(38) 
(0.05) 
Other 
(75) 
(0.09) 
Share dilution 
— 
(0.03) 
Change in net income contribution 
$(221) 
$(0.30) 
Dominion Energy South Carolina 
Presented below are selected operating statistics related to Domin-
ion Energy South Carolina’s operations: 
Year Ended December 31, 
2024 
% Change 
2023 
% Change 
2022 
Electricity delivered 
(million MWh) 
22.0 
—% 21.9 
(5)% 23.0 
Electricity supplied 
(million MWh) 
23.1 
— 
23.0 
(5) 
24.1 
Degree days (electric 
and gas distribution 
service areas): 
Cooling 
855 
18 
725 
(5) 
767 
Heating 
1,078 
18 
917 
(29) 
1,294 
Average electric 
distribution customer 
accounts 
(thousands) 
806 
2 
790 
2 
777 
Gas distribution 
throughput (bcf): 
Sales 
63 
(5) 
66 
(3) 
68 
Average gas 
distribution customer 
accounts 
(thousands) 
460 
4 
443 
4 
427 
55 

Management’s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations, Continued 
Presented below, on an after-tax basis, are the key factors impact-
ing Dominion Energy South Carolina’s net income contribution: 
2024 VS. 2023 
Increase (Decrease) 
Amount 
EPS 
(millions, except EPS) 
Weather 
$ 37 
$ 0.04 
Customer usage and other factors 
27 
0.03 
Customer-elected rate impacts 
4 
— 
Base rate case & Natural Gas Rate Stabilization Act 
impacts 
41 
0.05 
Capital cost rider 
(6) 
(0.01) 
Depreciation and amortization 
(12) 
(0.01) 
Interest expense, net 
(21) 
(0.03) 
Other 
(49) 
(0.05) 
Share dilution 
— 
— 
Change in net income contribution 
$ 21 
$ 0.02 
2023 VS. 2022 
Increase (Decrease) 
Amount 
EPS 
(millions, except EPS) 
Weather 
$ (34) 
$(0.04) 
Customer usage and other factors 
11 
0.01 
Customer-elected rate impacts 
(37) 
(0.04) 
Base rate case & Natural Gas Rate Stabilization Act 
impacts 
5 
0.01 
Capital cost rider 
(8) 
(0.01) 
Gains on sales of property 
(32) 
(0.04) 
Depreciation and amortization 
(18) 
(0.02) 
Interest expense, net 
(25) 
(0.03) 
Other 
10 
— 
Share dilution 
— 
— 
Change in net income contribution 
$(128) 
$(0.16) 
Contracted Energy 
Presented below are selected operating statistics related to Con-
tracted Energy’s operations: 
Year Ended December 31, 
2024 
% Change 
2023 
% Change 
2022 
Electricity supplied 
(million MWh) 
18.0 
22% 14.8 
(17)% 17.8 
Presented below, on an after-tax basis, are the key factors impact-
ing Contracted Energy’s net income contribution: 
2024 VS. 2023 
Increase (Decrease) 
Amount 
EPS 
(millions, except EPS) 
Margin 
$103 
$ 0.12 
Planned Millstone outages(1)(2) 
119 
0.14 
Unplanned Millstone outages(1) 
16 
0.02 
Depreciation and amortization 
22 
0.03 
Interest expense, net 
14 
0.02 
Other 
(14) 
(0.02) 
Share dilution 
— 
— 
Change in net income contribution 
$260 
$ 0.31 
(1) Includes earnings impact from outage costs and lower energy margins. 
(2) Includes the effect of one planned refueling outage during 2024 as com-
pared to two planned refueling outages in 2023. 
2023 VS. 2022 
Increase (Decrease) 
Amount 
EPS 
(millions, except EPS) 
Margin 
$ 83 
$ 0.10 
Planned Millstone outages(1)(2) 
(111) 
(0.13) 
Unplanned Millstone outages(1) 
(52) 
(0.06) 
Depreciation and amortization 
14 
0.02 
Other 
(23) 
(0.04) 
Share dilution 
— 
— 
Change in net income contribution 
$ (89) 
$(0.11) 
(1) Includes earnings impact from outage costs and lower energy margins. 
(2) Includes the effect of two planned refueling outages during 2023 as 
compared to one planned outage in 2022. 
Corporate and Other 
Presented below are the Corporate and Other segment’s after-tax 
results: 
Year Ended December 31, 
2024 
2023 
2022 
(millions, except EPS) 
Specific items attributable to operating 
segments 
$ (132) 
$ 405 
$(2,386) 
Specific items attributable to Corporate and 
Other segment 
(136) 
(89) 
860 
Net income (expense) from specific items 
(268) 
316 
(1,526) 
Corporate and other operations: 
Interest expense, net 
(537) 
(564) 
(332) 
Equity method investments(1) 
(5) 
6 
138 
Pension and other postretirement 
benefit plans 
277 
232 
337 
Corporate service company costs 
(79) 
(126) 
(127) 
Other 
(32) 
7 
103 
Net income (expense) from corporate and 
other operations 
(376) 
(445) 
119 
Total net expense 
(644) 
(129) 
(1,407) 
EPS impact 
$(0.86) 
$(0.25) 
$ (1.82) 
(1) Includes gains associated with certain transactions of $115 million 
recorded in 2022. See Note 9 to the Consolidated Financial Statements 
for additional information. 
Corporate and Other includes specific items attributable to 
Dominion Energy’s primary operating segments that are not 
included in profit measures evaluated by executive management 
in assessing the segments’ performance or in allocating resources. 
See Note 26 to the Consolidated Financial Statements for dis-
cussion of these items in more detail. Corporate and Other also 
includes specific items attributable to the Corporate and Other 
segment. In 2024, this primarily included a $278 million after-tax 
loss associated with lower market related impacts on pension and 
other postretirement plans, $197 million net income from dis-
continued operations, primarily associated with operations 
included in the East Ohio, PSNC and Questar Gas Transactions, 
including the loss on sale associated with the East Ohio and 
PSNC Transactions, as well as an impairment charge associated 
with the Questar Gas Transaction, $69 million in after-tax costs 
associated with the business review completed in March 2024 and 
a $27 million after-tax benefit for derivative mark-to-market 
changes. In 2023, this primarily included an $835 million charge 
to reflect the recognition of deferred taxes on the outside basis of 
stock associated with East Ohio, PSNC, Questar Gas and Wexpro 
56 

meeting the classification as held for sale that reversed when the 
sales were completed, $710 million net income from discontinued 
operations, primarily associated with operations included in the 
East Ohio, PSNC and Questar Gas Transactions and Dominion 
Energy’s noncontrolling interest in Cove Point, including the 
gain on sale, as well as an impairment charge associated with the 
East Ohio and Questar Gas Transactions, a $127 million after-tax 
benefit for derivative mark-to-market changes, a $69 million 
after-tax charge associated with the impairment of a corporate 
office building and a $27 million after-tax benefit for higher 
market related impacts on pension and other postretirement 
plans. In 2022, this primarily included $922 million net income 
from discontinued operations, primarily associated with oper-
ations included in the East Ohio, PSNC and Questar Gas Trans-
actions and Dominion Energy’s noncontrolling interest in Cove 
Point, a $254 million after-tax benefit for derivative 
mark-to-market changes, a $251 million after-tax loss for lower 
market related impacts on pension and other postretirement plans 
and a $67 million loss associated with the sale of Hope. 
OUTLOOK 
Dominion Energy’s 2025 net income is expected to increase on a 
per share basis as compared to 2024 primarily from the following: 
• 
The absence of a charge for Virginia Power’s share of costs not 
expected to be recovered from customers on the CVOW 
Commercial Project; 
• 
Construction and operation of growth projects primarily in 
electric utility operations; 
• 
An entire year of impacts from electric base rate cases settled 
in North Carolina and South Carolina; 
• 
Customer growth; 
• 
Renewable natural gas projects placed into service; and 
• 
Return to normal weather. 
These increases are expected to be partially offset by the follow-
ing: 
• 
The absence of earnings from operations following the closing 
of the East Ohio, PSNC and Questar Gas Transactions; 
• 
An entire year of 50% noncontrolling interest in the CVOW 
Commercial Project attributable to Stonepeak; 
• 
An increase in depreciation and amortization expense; 
• 
An increase in interest expense; 
• 
Increased electric capacity expense; 
• 
A decrease in benefit associated with nuclear production tax 
credits; and 
• 
Share dilution. 
LIQUIDITY AND CAPITAL RESOURCES 
Dominion Energy depends on both cash generated from oper-
ations and external sources of liquidity to provide working capital 
and as a bridge to long-term financings. Dominion Energy’s 
material cash requirements include capital and investment 
expenditures, repaying short-term and long-term debt obligations 
and paying dividends on its common and preferred stock. 
Analysis of Cash Flows 
Presented below are selected amounts related to Dominion 
Energy’s cash flows: 
Year Ended December 31, 
2024 
2023 
2022 
(millions) 
Cash, restricted cash and equivalents 
at beginning of year 
$ 
301 
$ 
341 
$ 
408 
Cash flows provided by (used in): 
Operating activities(1) 
5,018 
6,572 
3,700 
Investing activities 
(3,183) 
(7,207) 
(6,746) 
Financing activities 
(1,771) 
595 
2,979 
Net increase (decrease) in cash, 
restricted cash and equivalents 
64 
(40) 
(67) 
Cash, restricted cash and equivalents 
at end of year 
$ 
365 
$ 
301 
$ 
341 
(1) Includes cash outflows of $83 million, $78 million and $63 million for 
energy efficiency programs in Virginia and $27 million, $27 million 
and $26 million for DSM programs in South Carolina for the years 
ended December 31, 2024, 2023 and 2022, respectively. 
OPERATING CASH FLOWS 
Net cash provided by Dominion Energy’s operating activities 
decreased $1.6 billion, inclusive of a $448 million decrease from 
discontinued operations. Net cash provided by continuing oper-
ations decreased $1.1 billion primarily due higher net prepay-
ments and deposits ($606 million), lower deferred fuel and 
purchased gas cost recoveries ($464 million), settlements of inter-
est rate swaps ($232 million), higher income tax payments ($73 
million) and $169 million primarily due to lower operating cash 
flows from electric utility operations, partially offset by an 
increase from changes in working capital ($437 million). 
INVESTING CASH FLOWS 
Net cash used in Dominion Energy’s investing activities decreased 
$4.0 billion, primarily due to net proceeds from the East Ohio, 
Questar Gas and PSNC Transactions ($9.2 billion) and an 
increase in distributions from equity method affiliates ($125 
million), partially offset by the absence of the net proceeds from 
the sale of the remaining noncontrolling interest in Cove Point 
($3.3 billion), an increase in plant construction and other prop-
erty additions ($2.0 billion) and higher acquisitions of solar 
development projects ($205 million). 
FINANCING CASH FLOWS 
Net cash from Dominion Energy’s financing activities decreased 
$2.4 billion, primarily due to a $9.5 billion decrease due to net 
repayments on 364-day term loan facilities in 2024 versus net 
issuances in 2023, net repayments of short-term debt ($2.0 
billion), the repurchase and redemption of the Series B Preferred 
Stock ($801 million) and net repayment of supplemental credit 
facility borrowings ($450 million), partially offset by a 
$6.8 billion increase due to net issuances of long-term debt in 
2024 versus net repayments in 2023, an increase from the sale of 
a noncontrolling interest in, as well as capital contributions from 
Stonepeak to, OSWP ($2.9 billion) and an increase in the issu-
ance of common stock ($638 million). 
57 

Management’s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations, Continued 
Credit Facilities and Short-Term Debt 
Dominion Energy generally uses proceeds from short-term bor-
rowings, including commercial paper, to satisfy short-term cash 
requirements not met through cash from operations. The levels of 
borrowing may vary significantly during the course of the year, 
depending on the timing and amount of cash requirements not 
satisfied by cash from operations. A description of Dominion 
Energy’s primary available sources of short-term liquidity follows. 
JOINT REVOLVING CREDIT FACILITY 
Dominion Energy maintains a $6.0 billion joint revolving credit 
facility which provides for a discount in the pricing of certain 
annual fees and amounts borrowed by Dominion Energy under 
the facility if Dominion Energy achieves certain annual renewable 
electric generation and diversity and inclusion objectives. 
Dominion Energy’s commercial paper and letters of credit 
outstanding, as well as capacity available under its credit facility 
were as follows: 
Facility 
Limit 
Outstanding 
Commercial 
Paper(1) 
Outstanding 
Letters of 
Credit 
Facility 
Capacity 
Available 
(millions) 
At December 31, 2024 
Joint revolving credit 
facility(2)(3) 
$6,000 
$2,061 
$10 
$3,929 
(1) The weighted-average interest rate of the outstanding commercial paper 
supported by Dominion Energy’s credit facility was 4.74% at 
December 31, 2024. 
(2) This credit facility matures in June 2026, with the potential to be 
extended by the borrowers to June 2028, and can be used by the bor-
rowers under the credit facility to support bank borrowings and the issu-
ance of commercial paper, as well as to support up to a combined 
$2.0 billion of letters of credit. 
(3) In May 2024, the joint revolving credit facility was amended to remove 
Questar Gas as a co-borrower. 
DOMINION ENERGY RELIABILITY INVESTMENTSM PROGRAM 
Dominion Energy has an effective registration statement with the 
SEC for the sale of up to $3.0 billion of variable denomination 
floating rate demand notes, called Dominion Energy Reliability 
InvestmentSM. The registration statement limits the principal 
amount that may be outstanding at any one time to $1.0 billion. 
The notes are offered on a continuous basis and bear interest at a 
floating rate per annum determined by the Dominion Energy 
Reliability Investment Committee, or its designee, on a weekly 
basis. The notes have no stated maturity date, are non-transferable 
and may be redeemed in whole or in part by Dominion Energy or 
at the investor’s option at any time. At December 31, 2024, 
Dominion Energy’s Consolidated Balance Sheets include 
$439 million presented within short-term debt, with a weighted-
average interest rate of 4.50%. The proceeds are used for general 
corporate purposes and to repay debt. 
OTHER FACILITIES 
In addition to the primary sources of short-term liquidity dis-
cussed above, from time to time Dominion Energy enters into 
separate supplementary credit facilities or term loans as discussed 
in Note 17 to the Consolidated Financial Statements. 
In March 2024, Dominion Energy repaid the full $2.5 billion 
outstanding under its $2.5 billion 364-day term loan facility 
entered into in January 2023 as amended in January 2024, using 
after-tax proceeds received in connection with the East Ohio 
Transaction. The debt was scheduled to mature in July 2024. 
In March 2024, Dominion Energy repaid $1.8 billion of its 
$2.25 billion 364-day term loan facility entered into in October 
2023, using after-tax proceeds received in connection with the 
East Ohio Transaction. Subsequently in March 2024, Dominion 
Energy requested and received a $500 million increase to the 
amount of the facility and concurrently borrowed $500 million 
with the proceeds used for general corporate purposes. In May 
2024, Dominion Energy repaid the full $976 million outstanding 
under the facility, using after-tax proceeds received in connection 
with the Questar Gas Transaction. The debt was scheduled to 
mature in October 2024. 
58 

Long-Term Debt 
SUSTAINABILITY REVOLVING CREDIT AGREEMENT 
Dominion Energy maintains a $900 million Sustainability Revolving Credit Agreement which, following an amendment in June 2024, 
matures in June 2025, bears interest at a variable rate and is described in Note 18 to the Consolidated Financial Statements. The facility 
offers a reduced interest rate margin with respect to borrowed amounts allocated to certain environmental sustainability or social invest-
ment initiatives. In May 2024, Dominion Energy used a portion of the proceeds from the issuance of the 2024 Series A JSNs and the 
2024 Series B JSNs to repay the outstanding balance of $450 million under the Sustainability Revolving Credit Agreement. 
ISSUANCES AND BORROWINGS OF LONG-TERM DEBT 
During 2024, Dominion Energy issued or borrowed the following long-term debt. Unless otherwise noted, the proceeds were used for the 
repayment of existing long-term indebtedness and for general corporate purposes. See Note 18 to the Consolidated Financial Statements 
for additional information including use of proceeds and repayment provisions on the securitization bonds issued in February 2024 and 
the use of proceeds on the 2024 Series A JSNs and 2024 Series B JSNs issued in May 2024. 
Month 
Type 
Public / Private 
Entity 
Principal (millions) 
Rate 
Stated Maturity 
January 
Senior notes 
Public 
Virginia Power 
$ 500 
5.000% 
2034 
January 
Senior notes 
Public 
Virginia Power 
500 
5.350% 
2054 
February 
Senior secured deferred fuel cost bonds 
Public 
VPFS 
439 
5.088% 
2029 
February 
Senior secured deferred fuel cost bonds 
Public 
VPFS 
843 
4.877% 
2033 
May 
Junior subordinated notes 
Public 
Dominion Energy 
1,000 
6.875%(1)  
2055 
May 
Junior subordinated notes 
Public 
Dominion Energy 
1,000 
7.000%(1)  
2054 
July 
Senior notes 
Private 
PSNC 
150(2)  5.650% 
2034 
July 
Senior notes 
Private 
PSNC 
150(2)  6.040% 
2054 
August 
Senior notes 
Public 
Virginia Power 
600 
5.050% 
2034 
August 
Senior notes 
Public 
Virginia Power 
600 
5.550% 
2054 
November 
Junior subordinated notes 
Public 
Dominion Energy 
1,250 
6.625%(1)  
2055 
Total issuances and borrowings 
$7,032 
(1) Rates subject to periodic reset as described in Note 18 to the Consolidated Financial Statements. 
(2) The senior notes issued by PSNC were assumed by Enbridge upon closing of the PSNC Transaction in September 2024. 
In January 2025, DESC issued $450 million of 5.30% first mortgage bonds that mature in 2035. The proceeds were used for general 
corporate purposes and/or to repay short-term debt. 
Dominion Energy currently meets the definition of a well-known seasoned issuer under SEC rules governing the registration, commu-
nications and offering processes under the Securities Act of 1933, as amended. The rules provide for a streamlined shelf registration process 
to provide registrants with timely access to capital. This allows Dominion Energy to use automatic shelf registration statements to register 
any offering of securities, other than those for exchange offers or business combination transactions. 
Dominion Energy anticipates, excluding potential opportunistic financings, issuing between approximately $5.5 billion and 
$8.0 billion of long-term debt during 2025, inclusive of the issuance of bonds at DESC discussed above. Dominion Energy expects to 
issue long-term debt to satisfy cash needs for capital expenditures, net of reimbursements from Stonepeak for the CVOW Commercial 
Project, and maturing long-term debt to the extent such amounts are not satisfied from cash available from operations following the pay-
ment of dividends and any borrowings made from unused capacity of Dominion Energy’s credit facilities discussed above. The raising of 
external capital is subject to certain regulatory requirements, including registration with the SEC for certain issuances. 
REPAYMENTS, REPURCHASES AND REDEMPTIONS OF LONG-TERM DEBT 
Dominion Energy may from time to time reduce its outstanding debt and level of interest expense through redemption of debt securities 
prior to maturity or repurchases of debt securities in the open market, in privately negotiated transactions, through tender offers or other-
wise. 
The following long-term debt was repaid, repurchased or redeemed in 2024: 
Month 
Type 
Entity 
Principal(1)  
Rate 
Stated Maturity 
 
(millions) 
 
 
Debt scheduled to mature in 2024 
$ 1,429 
various 
Early repurchases & redemptions 
February 
Senior secured notes 
Eagle Solar 
279 
4.820% 
2042 
October 
Tax-exempt bonds 
DETC 
27 
3.800% 
2033 
October 
Junior subordinated notes 
Dominion Energy 
685 
5.750% 
2054 
Total repayments, repurchases and redemptions 
$ 2,420 
(1) Total amount redeemed prior to maturity includes remaining outstanding principal plus accrued interest. 
59 

Management’s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations, Continued 
See Note 18 to the Consolidated Financial Statements for 
additional information regarding scheduled maturities and other 
cancellations of Dominion Energy’s long-term debt, including 
related average interest rates. 
REMARKETING OF LONG-TERM DEBT 
In May 2024, Virginia Power remarketed three series of 
tax-exempt bonds, with an aggregate outstanding principal of 
$243 million to new investors. All three series of bonds will bear 
interest at a coupon of 3.80% until May 2027, after which they 
will bear interest at a market rate to be determined at that time. 
In 2025, Dominion Energy expects to remarket approx-
imately $225 million of its tax-exempt bonds. 
Credit Ratings 
Dominion Energy’s credit ratings affect its liquidity, cost of bor-
rowing under credit facilities and collateral posting requirements 
under commodity contracts, as well as the rates at which it is able 
to offer its debt securities. The credit ratings for Dominion 
Energy are affected by its financial profile, mix of regulated and 
nonregulated businesses and respective cash flows, changes in 
methodologies used by the rating agencies and event risk, if appli-
cable, such as major acquisitions or dispositions. 
Credit ratings and outlooks as of February 20, 2025 are as 
follows: 
 
Moody’s 
Standard & 
Poor’s 
Fitch 
Dominion Energy 
Corporate/Issuer 
Baa2 
BBB+ 
BBB+ 
Senior unsecured debt securities 
Baa2 
BBB 
BBB+ 
Junior subordinated notes 
Baa3 
BBB- 
BBB- 
Preferred stock 
Ba1 
BBB- 
BBB- 
Commercial paper 
P-2 
A-2 
F2 
Outlook 
Stable 
Stable 
Stable 
A credit rating is not a recommendation to buy, sell or hold 
securities and should be evaluated independently of any other 
rating. Ratings are subject to revision or withdrawal at any time 
by the applicable rating organization. 
Financial Covenants 
As part of borrowing funds and issuing both short-term and long-
term debt or preferred securities, Dominion Energy must enter 
into enabling agreements. These agreements contain customary 
covenants that, in the event of default, could result in the accel-
eration of principal and interest payments; restrictions on dis-
tributions related to capital stock, including dividends, 
redemptions, repurchases, liquidation payments or guarantee 
payments; and in some cases, the termination of credit commit-
ments unless a waiver of such requirements is agreed to by the 
lenders/security holders. These provisions are customary, with 
each agreement specifying which covenants apply. These provi-
sions are not necessarily unique to Dominion Energy. 
Dominion Energy is required to pay annual commitment fees 
to maintain its joint revolving credit facility. In addition, the 
credit agreement contains various terms and conditions that could 
affect Dominion Energy’s ability to borrow under the facility. 
They include a maximum debt to total capital ratio, which is also 
included in Dominion Energy’s Sustainability Revolving Credit 
Agreement entered into in 2021 and amended in June 2024, and 
cross-default provisions. 
As of December 31, 2024, the calculated total debt to total 
capital ratio, pursuant to the terms of the agreements, was as fol-
lows: 
Company 
Maximum Allowed Ratio 
Actual Ratio(1) 
Dominion Energy 
67.5% 
54.9% 
(1) Indebtedness as defined by the agreements excludes certain junior sub-
ordinated notes and securitization bonds reflected as long-term debt as 
well as AOCI reflected as equity in the Consolidated Balance Sheets. 
If Dominion Energy or any of its material subsidiaries fails to 
make payment on various debt obligations in excess of 
$100 million, the lenders could require the defaulting company, 
if it is a borrower under Dominion Energy’s joint revolving credit 
facility, to accelerate its repayment of any outstanding borrowings 
and the lenders could terminate their commitments, if any, to 
lend funds to that company under the credit facility. In addition, 
if the defaulting company is Virginia Power, Dominion Energy’s 
obligations to repay any outstanding borrowing under the credit 
facility could also be accelerated and the lenders’ commitments to 
Dominion Energy could terminate. 
Dominion Energy monitors compliance with these covenants 
on a regular basis in order to ensure that events of default will not 
occur. As of December 31, 2024, there have been no events of 
default under Dominion Energy’s covenants. 
Common Stock, Preferred Stock and Other Equity 
Securities 
ISSUANCES OF EQUITY SECURITIES 
Dominion Energy maintains Dominion Energy Direct® and a 
number of employee savings plans through which contributions 
may be invested in Dominion Energy’s common stock. These 
shares may either be newly issued or purchased on the open 
market with proceeds contributed to these plans. In August 2023, 
Dominion Energy began purchasing its common stock on the 
open market for these direct stock purchase plans, and in March 
2024, began issuing new shares of common stock. During 2024, 
Dominion Energy issued 2.7 million of such shares and received 
proceeds of $138 million. 
Dominion Energy also maintains sales agency agreements to 
effect sales under an at-the-market program. Under the sales 
agency agreements, Dominion Energy is able, from time to time, 
to offer and sell shares of its common stock through the sales 
agents or enter into one or more forward sale agreements with 
respect to shares of its common stock. In May 2024, Dominion 
Energy entered into sales agency agreements to effect sales under a 
new at-the-market program, and through August 2024 entered 
forward sale agreements for approximately 11.4 million shares of 
its common stock at a weighted-average initial forward price of 
$53.23 per share. In December 2024, Dominion Energy provided 
notice to elect physical settlement of the forward sale agreements 
and in December 2024 settled the agreements at a weighted-
average final forward price of $52.20 and received total proceeds 
of $594 million. Additionally, from September through 
December 2024, Dominion Energy entered forward sale agree-
ments for approximately 9.7 million shares of its common stock 
expected to be settled in the fourth quarter of 2025 at a weighted-
average initial forward price of $57.78 per share. 
60 

Dominion Energy expects to issue equity through programs 
such as Dominion Energy Direct® and employee savings plans of 
approximately $200 million in 2025. In addition, Dominion 
Energy expects to issue equity, excluding potential opportunistic 
offerings, through an at-the-market program, including any 
related forward-sale agreements, of approximately $800 million to 
$1.0 billion in 2025, inclusive of the shares expected to settle in 
the fourth quarter of 2025 discussed above. The raising of 
external capital is subject to certain regulatory requirements, 
including registration with the SEC for certain issuances. 
REPURCHASES AND REDEMPTIONS OF EQUITY SECURITIES 
As discussed in Note 19 to the Consolidated Financial State-
ments, in June 2024, Dominion Energy completed a tender offer 
repurchasing 0.4 million shares of Series B Preferred Stock, and in 
December 2024 redeemed the remaining 0.4 million shares out-
standing. 
In November 2020, the Board of Directors authorized the 
repurchase of up to $1.0 billion of Dominion Energy’s common 
stock. This repurchase program does not include a specific time-
table or price or volume targets and may be modified, suspended 
or terminated at any time. Shares may be purchased through open 
market or privately negotiated transactions or otherwise at the 
discretion of management subject to prevailing market con-
ditions, applicable securities laws and other factors. At 
December 31, 2024, Dominion Energy had $920 million of 
available capacity under this authorization. 
Dominion Energy does not plan to repurchase shares of 
common stock in 2025, except for shares tendered by employees 
to satisfy tax withholding obligations on vested restricted stock, 
which does not impact the available capacity under its stock 
repurchase authorization. 
Capital Expenditures 
See Note 26 to the Consolidated Financial Statements for Domin-
ion Energy’s historical capital expenditures by segment. In Febru-
ary 2025, Dominion Energy announced an updated $50.1 billion 
capital expenditure plan for 2025 through 2029, which includes 
the impact of Stonepeak’s 50% noncontrolling interest in the 
CVOW Commercial Project, representing significant investments 
in reliable, affordable and increasingly clean energy to advance an 
“all-of-the-above” strategy to address projected demand growth. 
Dominion Energy’s total planned capital expenditures for each 
segment for the next five years are presented in the table below: 
2025 
2026 2027 
2028 
2029 
Total 
(billions) 
Dominion Energy Virginia(1) 
$10.2 $ 8.6 $7.8 $ 8.3 $ 8.5 $43.4 
Dominion Energy South 
Carolina 
1.2 
1.3 
1.2 
1.2 
1.3 
6.2 
Contracted Energy 
0.5 
0.3 
0.3 
0.5 
0.4 
2.0 
Corporate and Other segment 
0.1 
0.1 
0.1 
0.1 
0.1 
0.7 
Total(2) 
$12.1 $10.2 $9.5 $10.2 $10.3 $52.3 
(1) Includes $3.1 billion in 2025, $1.1 billion in 2026 and $0.1 billion in 
each of 2027, 2028 and 2029 for 100% of the CVOW Commercial 
Project. 
(2) Totals may not foot due to rounding. 
Dominion Energy’s planned growth expenditures are subject 
to approval by the Board of Directors as well as potentially by 
regulatory bodies based on the individual project and are expected 
to include significant investments in support of its clean energy 
profile. See Dominion Energy Virginia, Dominion Energy South 
Carolina and Contracted Energy in Item 1. Business for addi-
tional discussion of various significant capital projects currently 
under development. The above estimates are based on a capital 
expenditures plan reviewed and endorsed by Dominion Energy’s 
Board of Directors in early 2025 and are subject to continuing 
review and adjustment. Actual capital expenditures may vary from 
these estimates. Dominion Energy may also choose to postpone 
or cancel certain planned capital expenditures in order to mitigate 
the need for future debt financings and equity issuances. 
Dividends 
Dominion Energy believes that its operations provide a stable 
source of cash flow to contribute to planned levels of capital 
expenditures and maintain or grow the dividend on common 
shares. In December 2024, Dominion Energy’s Board of Direc-
tors established an annual dividend rate for 2025 of $2.67 per 
share of common stock, consistent with the 2024 rate. Dividends 
are subject to declaration by the Board of Directors. In January 
2025, Dominion Energy’s Board of Directors declared dividends 
payable in March 2025 of 66.75 cents per share of common 
stock. 
See Note 19 to the Consolidated Financial Statements for a 
discussion of Dominion Energy’s outstanding preferred stock and 
associated dividend rates. 
SUBSIDIARY DIVIDEND RESTRICTIONS 
Certain of Dominion Energy’s subsidiaries may, from time to 
time, be subject to certain restrictions imposed by regulators or 
financing arrangements on their ability to pay dividends, or to 
advance or repay funds, to Dominion Energy. At December 31, 
2024, these restrictions did not have a significant impact on 
Dominion Energy’s ability to pay dividends on its common or 
preferred stock or meet its other cash obligations. 
See Note 21 to the Consolidated Financial Statements for a 
description of such restrictions and any other restrictions on 
Dominion Energy’s ability to pay dividends. 
Collateral and Credit Risk 
Collateral requirements are impacted by commodity prices, hedg-
ing levels, Dominion Energy’s credit ratings and the credit quality 
of its counterparties. In connection with commodity hedging 
activities, Dominion Energy is required to provide collateral to 
counterparties under some circumstances. Under certain collateral 
arrangements, Dominion Energy may satisfy these requirements 
by electing to either deposit cash, post letters of credit or, in some 
cases, utilize other forms of security. From time to time, Domin-
ion Energy may vary the form of collateral provided to counter-
parties after weighing the costs and benefits of various factors 
associated with the different forms of collateral. These factors 
include short-term borrowing and short-term investment rates, 
the spread over these short-term rates at which Dominion Energy 
can issue commercial paper, balance sheet impacts, the costs and 
fees of alternative collateral postings with these and other 
counterparties and overall liquidity management objectives. 
Dominion Energy’s exposure to potential concentrations of 
credit risk results primarily from its energy marketing and price 
61 

Management’s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations, Continued 
risk management activities. Presented below is a summary of 
Dominion Energy’s credit exposure as of December 31, 2024 for 
these activities. Gross credit exposure for each counterparty is 
calculated as outstanding receivables plus any unrealized on- or 
off-balance sheet exposure, taking into account contractual net-
ting rights. 
Gross 
Credit 
Exposure 
Credit 
Collateral 
Net 
Credit 
Exposure 
(millions) 
Investment grade(1) 
$ 83 
$— 
$ 83 
Non-Investment grade(2) 
11 
— 
11 
No external ratings: 
Internally rated—investment grade(3) 
56 
— 
56 
Internally rated—non-investment 
grade(4) 
24 
2 
22 
Total(5) 
$174 
$ 2 
$172 
(1) Designations as investment grade are based upon minimum credit rat-
ings assigned by Moody’s and Standard & Poor’s. The five largest coun-
terparty exposures, combined, for this category represented approximately 
28% of the total net credit exposure. 
(2) The five largest counterparty exposures, combined, for this category repre-
sented approximately 7% of the total net credit exposure. 
(3) The five largest counterparty exposures, combined, for this category repre-
sented approximately 32% of the total net credit exposure. 
(4) The five largest counterparty exposures, combined, for this category repre-
sented approximately 11% of the total net credit exposure. 
(5) Excludes long-term purchase power agreements entered to satisfy legis-
lative or state regulatory commission requirements. 
Fuel and Other Purchase Commitments 
Dominion Energy is party to various contracts for fuel and pur-
chased power commitments related to both its regulated and 
nonregulated operations. Total estimated costs at December 31, 
2024 for such commitments are presented in the table below. 
These costs represent estimated minimum obligations for various 
purchased power and capacity agreements and actual costs may 
differ from amounts presented below depending on actual quanti-
ties purchased and prices paid. 
2025 
2026 
2027 
2028 
2029 
Total 
(millions) 
 
 
 
 
 
Purchased electric 
capacity for utility 
operations 
$ 
70 $ 
71 $ 72 $ 71 $ 71 $ 355 
Fuel commitments for 
utility operations 
1,336 
673 
420 
455 
414 
3,298 
Fuel commitments for 
nonregulated 
operations 
80 
73 
69 
51 
86 
359 
Pipeline transportation 
and storage 
410 
380 
344 
330 
313 
1,777 
Total 
$1,896 $1,197 $905 $907 $884 $5,789 
Other Material Cash Requirements 
In addition to the financing arrangements discussed above, 
Dominion Energy is party to numerous contracts and arrange-
ments obligating it to make cash payments in future years. 
Dominion Energy expects current liabilities to be paid within the 
next twelve months. In addition to the items already discussed, 
the following represent material expected cash requirements 
recorded on Dominion Energy’s Consolidated Balance Sheets at 
December 31, 2024. Such obligations include: 
• 
Operating and financing lease obligations—See Note 15 to 
the Consolidated Financial Statements; 
• 
Regulatory liabilities—See Note 12 to the Consolidated 
Financial Statements; 
• 
AROs—See Note 14 to the Consolidated Financial State­
ments; and 
• 
Employee benefit plan obligations—See Note 22 to the 
Consolidated Financial Statements. 
In addition, Dominion Energy is party to contracts and 
arrangements which may require it to make material cash pay-
ments in future years that are not recorded on its Consolidated 
Balance Sheets. Such obligations include: 
• 
Off-balance sheet leasing arrangements—See Note 15 to the 
Consolidated Financial Statements; and 
• 
Guarantees—See Note 23 to the Consolidated Financial 
Statements. 
FUTURE ISSUES AND OTHER MATTERS 
See Item 1. Business and Notes 13 and 23 to the Consolidated 
Financial Statements for additional information on various envi-
ronmental, regulatory, legal and other matters that may impact 
future results of operations, financial condition and/or cash flows. 
Future Environmental Regulations 
CLIMATE CHANGE 
The federal government and states in which Dominion Energy 
operates have announced various commitments to achieving 
carbon reduction goals. In February 2021, the U.S. rejoined the 
Paris Agreement, which establishes a universal framework for 
addressing GHG emissions. In January 2025, the U.S. 
announced its intention to withdrawal from the Paris Agreement. 
States may enact legislation relating to climate change matters 
such as the reduction of GHG emissions and renewable energy 
portfolio standards, similar to the VCEA. To the extent legis-
lation is enacted at the federal or state level that is more restrictive 
than the VCEA and/or Dominion Energy’s commitment to ach-
ieving net zero emissions by 2050, compliance with such legis-
lation could have a material impact to Dominion Energy’s 
financial condition and/or cash flows. 
INFLATION REDUCTION ACT 
The IRA includes provisions which impose an annual fee for 
waste methane emissions from the oil and natural gas industry 
beginning with emissions reported in calendar year 2024 to the 
extent that an entity’s emissions exceed a stated threshold, with 
implementation to be addressed by future rulemaking by the 
EPA. Pending the completion of such rulemaking, Dominion 
Energy currently does not expect these provisions to materially 
affect its future results of operations, financial condition and/or 
cash flows. 
RECENTLY ISSUED EPA RULES 
In May 2024, the EPA released a final rule to tighten aspects of the 
Mercury and Air Toxics Standards Risk and Technology Review, 
including the reduction of emissions limits for filterable particulate 
62 

matter, and requiring the use of continuous emissions monitoring 
systems to demonstrate compliance. In May 2024, the EPA final-
ized a package of rules designed to reduce CO2 emissions from 
certain fossil fuel-fired electric generating units. The final rule sets 
standards of performance and emission guidelines for CO2 emis-
sions from new and reconstructed gas-fired combustion turbines 
and modified coal-fired steam generating units. The rulemaking 
package also includes emission guidelines, including emission lim-
its, for existing coal, oil and gas-fired steam generating units. In 
addition, in March 2024, the EPA published a final rule strength-
ening the national air quality annual standard for fine particulate 
matter. Further, Dominion Energy anticipates that the EPA will 
release additional rulemakings as part of an overall strategy to 
identify and mitigate PFAS exposure, beyond the national drink-
ing water standards for PFAS issued in April 2024. Until specific 
state implementation plans are developed for final rules and/or 
Dominion Energy has sufficient time to develop implementation 
strategies for these final rules, Dominion Energy is unable to pre-
dict whether or to what extent the new rules will ultimately require 
additional controls or other actions. The expenditures required to 
implement additional controls or other actions could have a 
material impact on Dominion Energy’s financial condition and 
cash flows. 
Dodd-Frank Act 
The CEA, as amended by Title VII of the Dodd-Frank Act, 
requires certain over-the counter derivatives, or swaps, to be 
cleared through a derivatives clearing organization and, if the 
swap is subject to a clearing requirement, to be executed on a 
designated contract market or swap execution facility. 
Non-financial entities that use swaps to hedge or mitigate com-
mercial risk may elect the end-user exception to the CEA’s clear-
ing requirements. Dominion Energy utilizes the end-user 
exception with respect to its swaps. If, as a result of changes to the 
rulemaking process, Dominion Energy can no longer utilize the 
end-user exception or otherwise becomes subject to mandatory 
clearing, exchange trading or margin requirements, it could be 
subject to higher costs due to decreased market liquidity or 
increased margin payments. In addition, Dominion Energy’s 
swap dealer counterparties may attempt to pass-through addi-
tional trading costs in connection with changes to the rulemaking 
process. Due to the evolving rulemaking process, Dominion 
Energy is currently unable to assess the potential impact of the 
Dodd-Frank Act’s derivative-related provisions on its financial 
condition, results of operations or cash flows. 
North Anna 
Virginia Power is considering the construction of a third nuclear 
unit at a site located at North Anna. If Virginia Power decides to 
build a new unit, it would require a Combined Construction 
Permit and Operating License from the NRC, approval of the 
Virginia Commission and certain environmental permits and 
other approvals. In June 2017, the NRC issued the Combined 
Construction Permit and Operating License. Virginia Power has 
not yet committed to building a new nuclear unit at North Anna. 
Federal Income Tax Laws 
INFLATION REDUCTION ACT 
The IRA imposes a 15% alternative minimum tax on GAAP net 
income, as adjusted for certain items, of corporations in excess of 
$1 billion, for tax years beginning after December 31, 2022. Enti-
ties that are subject to the alternative minimum tax may use tax 
credits to reduce the liability by up to 75% and will receive a tax 
credit carryforward with an indefinite life that can be claimed 
against the regular tax in future years. Pending final guidance, the 
alternative minimum tax is not expected to have an effect on the 
assessment of the realizability of Dominion Energy’s deferred tax 
assets or a material impact on Dominion Energy’s future results of 
operations or cash flows. 
TAX REPAIRS GUIDANCE 
In April 2023, the IRS issued safe harbor guidance to taxpayers 
on the treatment of amounts paid to repair, maintain, replace, or 
improve natural gas distribution property, including whether 
expenditures should be deducted as repairs or capitalized and 
depreciated on tax returns. The guidance includes safe harbor tax 
accounting methods which a taxpayer may choose to elect and 
provides special transition rules and incentives that vary depend-
ing on which tax year is the year of change. Dominion Energy is 
evaluating this guidance and while it cannot currently estimate 
the potential financial statement impacts, it does not expect a 
material impact to its results of operations. 
Item 7A. Quantitative and Qualitative 
Disclosures About Market Risk 
The matters discussed in this Item may contain “forward-looking 
statements” as described in the introductory paragraphs of Item 7. 
MD&A. The reader’s attention is directed to those paragraphs 
and Item 1A. Risk Factors for discussion of various risks and 
uncertainties that may impact the Companies. 
MARKET RISK SENSITIVE INSTRUMENTS AND 
RISK MANAGEMENT 
The Companies’ financial instruments, commodity contracts and 
related financial derivative instruments are exposed to potential 
losses due to adverse changes in commodity prices, interest rates 
and equity security prices as described below. Commodity price 
risk is present in the Companies’ electric operations and Domin-
ion Energy’s natural gas procurement and marketing operations 
due to the exposure to market shifts in prices received and paid 
for electricity, natural gas and other commodities. The Compa-
nies use commodity derivative contracts to manage price risk 
exposures for these operations. Interest rate risk is generally 
related to their outstanding debt and future issuances of debt. In 
addition, the Companies are exposed to investment price risk 
through various portfolios of equity and debt securities. The 
Companies’ exposure to foreign currency exchange rate risk is 
related to certain fixed price contracts associated with the CVOW 
Commercial Project which it manages through foreign currency 
exchange rate derivatives. The contracts include services denomi-
nated in currencies other than the U.S. dollar for approximately 
€2.6 billion and 5.1 billion kr. In addition, certain of the fixed 
price contracts, approximately €0.7 billion, contain commodity 
indexing provisions linked to steel. 
63 

Management’s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations, Continued 
The following sensitivity analysis estimates the potential loss 
of future earnings or fair value from market risk sensitive instru-
ments over a selected time period due to a 10% change in com-
modity prices, interest rates or foreign currency exchange rates. 
Commodity Price Risk 
To manage price risk, the Companies hold commodity-based 
derivative instruments held for non-trading purposes associated 
with purchases and sales of electricity, natural gas and other 
energy-related products. 
The derivatives used to manage commodity price risk are 
executed within established policies and procedures and may 
include instruments such as futures, forwards, swaps, options and 
FTRs that are sensitive to changes in the related commodity 
prices. For sensitivity analysis purposes, the hypothetical change 
in market prices of commodity-based derivative instruments is 
determined based on models that consider the market prices of 
commodities in future periods, the volatility of the market prices 
in each period, as well as the time value factors of the derivative 
instruments. Prices and volatility are principally determined based 
on observable market prices. 
A hypothetical 10% increase in commodity prices would have 
resulted in a decrease of $18 million and $62 million in the fair 
value of Dominion Energy’s commodity-based derivative instru-
ments as of December 31, 2024 and 2023, respectively. 
A hypothetical 10% decrease in commodity prices would have 
resulted in a decrease of $15 million in the fair value of Virginia 
Power’s commodity-based derivative instruments as of 
December 31, 2024. A hypothetical 10% increase in commodity 
prices would have resulted in a decrease of $24 million in the fair 
value of Virginia Power’s commodity-based derivative instru-
ments as of December 31, 2023. 
The impact of a change in energy commodity prices on the 
Companies’ commodity-based derivative instruments at a point in 
time is not necessarily representative of the results that will be 
realized when the contracts are ultimately settled. Net losses from 
commodity-based financial derivative instruments used for hedg-
ing purposes, to the extent realized, will generally be offset by 
recognition of the hedged transaction, such as revenue from phys-
ical sales of the commodity. 
Interest Rate Risk 
The Companies manage their interest rate risk exposure predom-
inantly by maintaining a balance of fixed and variable rate debt. 
For variable rate debt outstanding for Dominion Energy, a hypo-
thetical 10% increase in market interest rates would result in a 
$12 million and $56 million decrease in earnings at 
December 31, 2024 and 2023, respectively. For variable rate debt 
outstanding for Virginia Power, a hypothetical 10% increase in 
market interest rates would result in a $7 million and $5 million 
decrease in earnings at December 31, 2024 and 2023, 
respectively. 
The Companies also use interest rate derivatives, including 
forward-starting swaps, interest rate swaps and interest rate lock 
agreements to manage interest rate risk. As of December 31, 
2024, Dominion Energy and Virginia Power had $10.8 billion 
and $3.8 billion, respectively, of these interest rate derivatives 
outstanding in combined absolute value of their long and short 
positions, except in the case of offsetting transactions, for which 
they represent the absolute value of the net volume of their long 
and short positions. A hypothetical 10% decrease in market inter-
est rates would have resulted in a decrease of $157 million and 
$155 million, respectively, in the fair value of Dominion Energy 
and Virginia Power’s interest rate derivatives at December 31, 
2024. As of December 31, 2023, Dominion Energy and Virginia 
Power had $16.3 billion and $3.3 billion, respectively, of these 
interest rate derivatives outstanding in combined absolute value of 
their long and short positions, except in the case of offsetting 
transactions, for which they represent the absolute value of the net 
volume of their long and short positions. A hypothetical 10% 
decrease in market interest rates would have resulted in a decrease 
of $120 million and $151 million, respectively, in the fair value 
of Dominion Energy and Virginia Power’s interest rate derivatives 
at December 31, 2023. 
The impact of a change in interest rates on the Companies’ 
interest rate-based financial derivative instruments at a point in 
time is not necessarily representative of the results that will be 
realized when the contracts are ultimately settled. Net gains and/ 
or losses from interest rate derivative instruments used for hedg-
ing purposes, to the extent realized, will generally be offset by 
recognition of the hedged transaction. 
Foreign Currency Exchange Rate Risk 
The Companies utilize foreign currency exchange rate swaps to 
economically hedge the foreign currency exchange risk associated 
with fixed price contracts related to the CVOW Commercial 
Project denominated in foreign currencies. As of December 31, 
2024 and 2023, Dominion Energy had €1.1 billion and 
€2.1 billion, respectively, in aggregate notional amounts of these 
foreign currency forward purchase agreements outstanding. A 
hypothetical 10% increase in exchange rates would have resulted 
in a decrease of $106 million and $202 million in the fair value of 
Dominion Energy’s foreign currency swaps at December 31, 
2024 and 2023, respectively. 
The impact of a change in exchange rates on the Companies’ 
foreign currency-based financial derivative instruments at a point 
in time is not necessarily representative of the results that will be 
realized when the contracts are ultimately settled. Net gains and/ 
or losses from foreign exchange derivative instruments used for 
hedging purposes, to the extent realized, will generally be offset by 
recognition of the hedged transaction. 
Investment Price Risk 
The Companies are subject to investment price risk due to secu-
rities held as investments in nuclear decommissioning and rabbi 
trust funds that are managed by third-party investment managers. 
These trust funds primarily hold marketable securities that are 
reported in the Consolidated Balance Sheets at fair value. 
Dominion Energy recognized net investment gains (including 
investment income) on nuclear decommissioning and rabbi trust 
investments of $1.1 billion and $879 million for the years ended 
December 31, 2024 and 2023, respectively. Net realized gains 
and losses include gains and losses from the sale of investments as 
well as any other-than-temporary declines in fair value. Dominion 
Energy recorded, in AOCI and regulatory liabilities, a net increase 
in unrealized (losses) gains on debt investments of $(28) million 
and $117 million for the years ended December 31, 2024 and 
2023, respectively. 
64 

Virginia Power recognized net investment gains (including 
investment income) on nuclear decommissioning and rabbi trust 
investments of $580 million and $448 million for the years ended 
December 31, 2024 and 2023, respectively. Net realized gains 
and losses include gains and losses from the sale of investments as 
well as any other-than-temporary declines in fair value. Virginia 
Power recorded, in AOCI and regulatory liabilities, a net increase 
in unrealized (losses) gains on debt investments of $(10) million 
and $66 million for the years ended December 31, 2024 and 
2023, respectively. 
Dominion Energy sponsors pension and other postretirement 
employee benefit plans that hold investments in trusts to fund 
employee benefit payments. Virginia Power employees participate 
in these plans. Dominion Energy’s pension and other postretire-
ment plan assets experienced aggregate actual returns of 
$738 million and $1.2 billion in 2024 and 2023, respectively, 
compared to expected returns of $982 million and $1.0 billion, 
respectively. Differences between actual and expected returns on 
plan assets are immediately recognized in earnings annually in the 
fourth quarter of each fiscal year as well as whenever a plan is 
determined to qualify for a remeasurement. A hypothetical 0.25% 
decrease in the expected long-term rate of return on plan assets 
would have had a $31 million impact in both 2024 and 2023 to 
the expected returns on plan assets. 
Risk Management Policies 
The Companies have established operating procedures with corpo-
rate management to ensure that proper internal controls are 
maintained. In addition, Dominion Energy has established an 
independent function at the corporate level to monitor com-
pliance with the credit and commodity risk management policies 
of all subsidiaries, including Virginia Power. Dominion Energy 
maintains credit policies that include the evaluation of a pro-
spective counterparty’s financial condition, collateral require-
ments where deemed necessary and the use of standardized 
agreements that facilitate the netting of cash flows associated with 
a single counterparty. In addition, Dominion Energy also mon-
itors the financial condition of existing counterparties on an 
ongoing basis. Based on these credit policies and the Companies’ 
December 31, 2024 provision for credit losses, management 
believes that it is unlikely that a material adverse effect on the 
Companies’ financial position, results of operations or cash flows 
would occur as a result of counterparty nonperformance. 
65 

Item 8. Financial Statements and Supplementary Data 
Page Number 
Dominion Energy, Inc. 
Report of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm (PCAOB ID No. 34) . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .  
. . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .  
. . . . . .  
. . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .  
. . . . . . . . . .  
. . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .  
. . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .  
. . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .  
. . . . . .  
. . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .  
. . . . . . . . . .  
. . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .  
. . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .  
67 
Consolidated Statements of Income for the years ended December 31, 2024, 2023 and 2022 
70 
Consolidated Statements of Comprehensive Income for the years ended December 31, 2024, 2023 and 2022 
71 
Consolidated Balance Sheets at December 31, 2024 and 2023 
72 
Consolidated Statements of Equity at December 31, 2024, 2023 and 2022 and for the years then ended 
74 
Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows for the years ended December 31, 2024, 2023 and 2022 
75 
Virginia Electric and Power Company 
Report of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm (PCAOB ID No. 34) 
76 
Consolidated Statements of Income for the years ended December 31, 2024, 2023 and 2022 
79 
Consolidated Statements of Comprehensive Income for the years ended December 31, 2024, 2023 and 2022 
80 
Consolidated Balance Sheets at December 31, 2024 and 2023 
81 
Consolidated Statements of Equity at December 31, 2024, 2023 and 2022 and for the years then ended 
83 
Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows for the years ended December 31, 2024, 2023 and 2022 
84 
Combined Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements 
85 
66 

REPORT OF INDEPENDENT REGISTERED 
PUBLIC ACCOUNTING FIRM 
To the Shareholders and the Board of Directors of Dominion 
Energy, Inc. 
Opinion on the Consolidated Financial Statements 
We have audited the accompanying consolidated balance sheets of 
Dominion Energy, Inc. and subsidiaries (“Dominion Energy”) at 
December 31, 2024 and 2023, the related consolidated state-
ments of income, comprehensive income, equity, and cash flows, 
for each of the three years in the period ended December 31, 
2024, and the related notes (collectively referred to as the 
“consolidated financial statements”). In our opinion, the con-
solidated financial statements present fairly, in all material 
respects, the financial position of Dominion Energy at 
December 31, 2024 and 2023, and the results of its operations 
and its cash flows for each of the three years in the period ended 
December 31, 2024, in conformity with accounting principles 
generally accepted in the United States of America. 
We have also audited, in accordance with the standards of the 
Public Company Accounting Oversight Board (United States) 
(PCAOB), Dominion Energy’s internal control over financial 
reporting at December 31, 2024, based on criteria established in 
Internal Control—Integrated Framework (2013) issued by the 
Committee of Sponsoring Organizations of the Treadway Com-
mission and our report dated February 27, 2025, expressed an 
unqualified opinion on Dominion Energy’s internal control over 
financial reporting. 
Change in Accounting Principle 
As discussed in Note 2 to the consolidated financial statements, 
Dominion Energy has elected to change its method of accounting 
for the recognition of actuarial gains and losses on its defined 
benefit pension and other postretirement benefit plans into earn-
ings from an amortization approach to immediate recognition, 
which has been retrospectively applied in the consolidated finan-
cial statements at December 31, 2024 and 2023 and for the 
three years ended December 31, 2024. 
Basis for Opinion 
These consolidated financial statements are the responsibility of 
Dominion Energy’s management. Our responsibility is to express 
an opinion on Dominion Energy’s consolidated financial state-
ments based on our audits. We are a public accounting firm regis-
tered with the PCAOB and are required to be independent with 
respect to Dominion Energy in accordance with the U.S. federal 
securities laws and the applicable rules and regulations of the 
Securities and Exchange Commission and the PCAOB. 
We conducted our audits in accordance with the standards of 
the PCAOB. Those standards require that we plan and perform 
the audit to obtain reasonable assurance about whether the con-
solidated financial statements are free of material misstatement, 
whether due to error or fraud. Our audits included performing 
procedures to assess the risks of material misstatement of the 
consolidated financial statements, whether due to error or fraud, 
and performing procedures that respond to those risks. Such 
procedures included examining, on a test basis, evidence regard-
ing the amounts and disclosures in the consolidated financial 
statements. Our audits also included evaluating the accounting 
principles used and significant estimates made by management, as 
well as evaluating the overall presentation of the consolidated 
financial statements. We believe that our audits provide a reason-
able basis for our opinion. 
Critical Audit Matters 
The critical audit matters communicated below are matters aris-
ing from the current-period audit of the financial statements that 
were communicated or required to be communicated to the audit 
committee and that (1) relate to accounts or disclosures that are 
material to the financial statements and (2) involved our espe-
cially challenging, subjective, or complex judgments. The 
communication of critical audit matters does not alter in any way 
our opinion on the financial statements, taken as a whole, and we 
are not, by communicating the critical audit matters below, pro-
viding separate opinions on the critical audit matters or on the 
accounts or disclosures to which they relate. 
Regulatory Assets and Liabilities—Impact of Rate Regulation on 
the Consolidated Financial Statements—Refer to Notes 2, 12 and 
13 to the Consolidated Financial Statements 
Critical Audit Matter Description 
Dominion Energy, through its regulated electric and gas sub-
sidiaries, is subject to rate regulation by certain state public utility 
commissions and the Federal Energy Regulatory Commission 
(“FERC”) (collectively, the “relevant commissions”) which have 
jurisdiction with respect to the rates of electric utility companies. 
Management has determined its rate-regulated subsidiaries meet 
the requirements under accounting principles generally accepted 
in the United States of America to apply the specialized rules to 
account for the effects of cost-based rate regulation. Accounting 
for the economics of rate regulation impacts multiple financial 
statement line items and disclosures, such as property, plant and 
equipment, net; regulatory assets; regulatory liabilities; operating 
revenues; electric fuel and other energy-related purchases; pur-
chased gas; other operations and maintenance expense; deprecia-
tion and amortization expense; and impairment of assets and 
other charges, collectively, the “financial statement impacts of rate 
regulation.” 
Revenue provided by Dominion Energy’s electric trans-
mission, distribution and generation operations and its gas dis-
tribution operations is primarily based on rates approved by the 
relevant commissions. Further, Virginia Electric and Power 
Company’s (“Virginia Power”) retail base rates, terms and con-
ditions for generation and distribution services to customers in 
Virginia are reviewed by the Virginia State Corporation Commis-
sion (the “Virginia Commission”) in a proceeding that involves 
the determination of Virginia Power’s actual earned return on 
equity (“ROE”) during a historic test period, and determination 
of Virginia Power’s authorized ROE prospectively. Under certain 
circumstances, Virginia Power may be required to credit a portion 
of its earnings to customers. 
When it is probable that regulators will permit the recovery of 
current costs through future rates charged to customers, these 
costs that otherwise would be expensed by nonregulated compa-
nies are deferred as regulatory assets. Likewise, regulatory 
67 

liabilities are recognized when it is probable that regulators will 
require customer refunds or other benefits through future rates or 
when revenue is collected from customers for expenditures that 
have yet to be incurred. In addition, a loss is recognized if it 
becomes probable that capital expenditures will be disallowed for 
ratemaking purposes and if a reasonable estimate of the amount 
of the disallowance can be made. Dominion Energy evaluates 
whether recovery of its regulatory assets through future rates is 
probable as well as whether a regulatory liability due to customers 
is probable and makes various assumptions in its analyses. These 
analyses are generally based on orders issued by regulatory com-
missions, legislation and judicial actions; past experience; dis-
cussions with applicable regulatory authorities and legal counsel; 
estimated construction costs; forecasted earnings; and consid-
erations around the likelihood of impacts from events such as 
unusual weather conditions, extreme weather events and other 
natural disasters, and unplanned outages of facilities. 
We identified the impact of rate regulation as a critical audit 
matter due to the significant judgments made by management to 
support its assertions about the financial statement impacts of rate 
regulation. Management judgments include assessing the like-
lihood of (1) recovery of its regulatory assets through future rates 
and (2) whether a regulatory liability is due to customers. Given 
management’s accounting judgments are based on assumptions 
about the outcome of future decisions by the relevant commis-
sions, auditing these judgments required specialized knowledge of 
the accounting for rate regulation and the rate setting process due 
to its inherent complexities. 
How the Critical Audit Matter Was Addressed in the Audit 
Our audit procedures related to the assessment of whether recov-
ery of regulatory assets through future rates or a regulatory 
liability due to customers is probable included the following, 
among others: 
• 
We tested the effectiveness of management’s controls over 
the evaluation of the likelihood of (1) recovery of regu-
latory assets through future rates, and (2) whether a regu-
latory liability is due to customers. We also tested the 
effectiveness of management’s controls over the initial 
recognition of amounts as regulatory assets or liabilities; 
and the monitoring and evaluation of regulatory and legis-
lative developments that may impact the assessment of 
whether recovery of regulatory assets through future rates 
or a regulatory liability due to customers is probable. 
• 
We evaluated Dominion Energy’s disclosures related to 
the financial statement impacts of rate regulation. 
• 
We read and evaluated orders issued by the relevant 
commissions, as well as relevant regulatory statutes, inter-
pretations, procedural memorandums, existing laws and 
other publicly available information to assess whether this 
external information was properly considered by 
management in concluding upon the financial statement 
impacts of rate regulation. 
• 
We considered the likelihood of (1) recovery of regulatory 
assets through future rates and (2) whether a regulatory 
liability is due to customers based on precedents estab-
lished by the relevant commissions’ previous orders and 
Dominion Energy’s past experience with the relevant 
commissions. 
• 
For regulatory matters in process, we inspected associated 
documents and testimony filed with the relevant commis-
sions for any evidence that might contradict manage-
ment’s assertions. 
• 
We read and analyzed the minutes of the Boards of Direc-
tors of Dominion Energy and Dominion Energy’s rate-
regulated subsidiaries for discussions of changes in legal, 
regulatory, or business factors which could impact 
management’s conclusions with respect to the financial 
statement impacts of rate regulation. 
Coastal Virginia Offshore Wind (“CVOW”) Commercial 
Project—Estimated Total Project Cost—Refer to Note 10 to 
the Consolidated Financial Statements 
Critical Audit Matter Description 
As discussed in Note 10, Virginia Power’s CVOW Commercial 
Project is expected to be placed in service by the end of 2026 with 
an estimated total project cost of approximately $10.7 billion, 
excluding financing costs. The expected total project cost reflects 
increases driven primarily by projections for onshore electrical 
interconnection costs and network upgrade costs assigned by 
PJM. Relative to Virginia Power’s previous cost estimate, the 
updated estimated total project cost reflects an approximately 
$0.6 billion increase for such onshore costs and network upgrade 
costs assigned to the project by PJM and an approximately 
$0.3 billion increase for increased contingency for remaining 
construction activities and other factors. 
Virginia Power is subject to a cost sharing mechanism in 
which Virginia Power will be eligible to recover 50% of such 
incremental costs which fall between $10.3 billion and 
$11.3 billion with no recovery of such incremental costs which 
fall between $11.3 billion and $13.7 billion. There is no cost 
sharing mechanism for any total construction costs in excess of 
$13.7 billion, the recovery of which would be determined in a 
future Virginia Commission proceeding. In October 2024, 
Virginia Power closed on the sale of a 50% noncontrolling inter-
est in the CVOW Commercial Project to Stonepeak Partners, 
LLC (Stonepeak) pursuant to which Stonepeak will contribute 
50% of the remaining capital necessary to fund construction of 
the CVOW Commercial Project provided the total project cost, 
excluding financing costs, is less than $11.3 billion. 
As a result of the revised total project cost estimate and cost 
sharing mechanism, in the fourth quarter of 2024 Virginia Power 
recorded a charge for costs not expected to be recovered from 
customers of $206 million within impairment of assets and other 
charges, which includes $103 million attributable to non-
controlling interests, and an associated income tax benefit of 
$26 million, in Dominion Energy’s Consolidated Statements of 
Income. 
We identified the auditing of management’s anticipated allo-
cated network upgrade costs and project contingency cost 
components of the revised total project cost estimate as a critical 
audit matter because of the judgments management made to 
determine those components of the expected total project cost. 
This required a high degree of auditor judgment and subjectivity, 
and a significant extent of effort, including the need to involve 
our construction specialists. 
68 

How the Critical Audit Matter Was Addressed in the Audit 
Our audit procedures related to the reasonableness of the antici-
pated allocated network upgrade costs and total project con-
tingency components included the following, among others: 
• 
We tested the effectiveness of internal controls over man-
agement’s calculation of estimated total project costs, 
including those over the determination of anticipated 
allocated network upgrade costs and the estimate of total 
project contingency. 
• 
We evaluated management’s ability to accurately forecast 
contingency by performing a retrospective review of the 
project’s historical contingency utilization, reviewing 
internal communications relevant to the project, reading 
public information included in press releases and regu-
latory filings. 
• 
With the assistance of our construction specialists, we 
evaluated the reasonableness of the (1) contingency meth-
odology (2) percentage complete of certain significant 
project components and (3) overall contingency percent-
age. 
• 
We obtained an understanding of management’s cost 
model for the network upgrade costs. We audited key 
inputs to the model and associated allocated cost estimate 
as it relates to the network upgrade costs, including gen-
erator participation and other expected transmission proj-
ects. We selected a sample of project costs associated with 
the network upgrade cost and compared our selections to 
realized costs of comparable historical projects. 
/s/ Deloitte & Touche LLP 
Richmond, Virginia 
February 27, 2025 
We have served as Dominion Energy’s auditor since 1988. 
69 

Dominion Energy, Inc. 
Consolidated Statements of Income 
Year Ended December 31, 
2024 
2023 
2022 
(millions, except per share amounts) 
Operating Revenue 
$14,459 
$14,393 
$13,938 
Operating Expenses 
Electric fuel and other energy-related purchases 
3,614 
3,935 
3,711 
Purchased electric capacity 
74 
55 
59 
Purchased gas 
260 
285 
426 
Other operations and maintenance 
3,589 
3,160 
3,365 
Depreciation and amortization 
2,345 
2,580 
2,442 
Other taxes 
731 
684 
675 
Impairment of assets and other charges 
600 
307 
1,401 
Losses (gains) on sales of assets 
(1) 
(27) 
412 
Total operating expenses 
11,212 
10,979 
12,491 
Income from operations 
3,247 
3,414 
1,447 
Other income (expense) 
822 
984 
(117) 
Interest and related charges 
1,887 
1,674 
1,002 
Income from continuing operations including noncontrolling interests before income tax expense 
2,182 
2,724 
328 
Income tax expense 
308 
568 
59 
Net Income From Continuing Operations Including Noncontrolling Interests 
1,874 
2,156 
269 
Net Income (Loss) From Discontinued Operations Including Noncontrolling Interests(1)  
197 
(125) 
922 
Net Income Including Noncontrolling Interests 
2,071 
2,031 
1,191 
Noncontrolling Interests 
(53) 
— 
— 
Net Income Attributable to Dominion Energy 
$ 2,124 
$ 2,031 
$ 1,191 
Amounts attributable to Dominion Energy 
Net income from continuing operations 
$ 1,927 
$ 2,156 
$ 
269 
Net income (loss) from discontinued operations 
197 
(125) 
922 
Net income attributable to Dominion Energy 
$ 2,124 
$ 2,031 
$ 1,191 
EPS—Basic 
Net income from continuing operations 
$ 
2.20 
$ 
2.48 
$ 
0.22 
Net income (loss) from discontinued operations 
0.24 
(0.15) 
1.11 
Net income attributable to Dominion Energy 
$ 
2.44 
$ 
2.33 
$ 
1.33 
EPS—Diluted 
Net income from continuing operations 
$ 
2.20 
$ 
2.48 
$ 
0.22 
Net income (loss) from discontinued operations 
0.24 
(0.15) 
1.11 
Net income attributable to Dominion Energy 
$ 
2.44 
$ 
2.33 
$ 
1.33 
(1) Includes income tax expense of $31 million, $1.3 billion and $207 million for the years ended December 31, 2024, 2023 and 2022, respectively. 
The accompanying notes are an integral part of Dominion Energy’s Consolidated Financial Statements. 
70 

Dominion Energy, Inc. 
Consolidated Statements of Comprehensive Income 
Year Ended December 31, 
2024 
2023 
2022 
(millions) 
Net income including noncontrolling interests 
$2,071 
$2,031 
$1,191 
Other comprehensive income (loss), net of taxes: 
Net deferred gains (losses) on derivatives-hedging activities, net of $(4), $1 and $(22) tax 
13 
— 
67 
Changes in unrealized net gains (losses) on investment securities, net of $10, $(19) and $29 tax 
(22) 
55 
(100) 
Changes in net unrecognized pension and other postretirement benefit costs (credits), net of $1, $— and $1 tax 
(2) 
— 
— 
Amounts reclassified to net income (loss): 
Net derivative (gains) losses-hedging activities, net of $(11), $(10) and $(15) tax 
32 
33 
42 
Net realized (gains) losses on investment securities, net of $(3), $3 and $(6) tax 
8 
(11) 
19 
Net pension and other postretirement benefit costs (credits), net of $4, $5 and $5 tax 
(12) 
(13) 
(13) 
Net earnings from equity method investees, net of $—, $(1) and $— tax 
— 
3 
— 
Changes in other comprehensive income from equity method investees, net of $—, $— and $— tax 
— 
— 
1 
Total other comprehensive income (loss) 
17 
67 
16 
Comprehensive income including noncontrolling interests 
2,088 
2,098 
1,207 
Comprehensive income (loss) attributable to noncontrolling interests 
(53) 
— 
— 
Comprehensive income attributable to Dominion Energy 
$2,141 
$2,098 
$1,207 
The accompanying notes are an integral part of Dominion Energy’s Consolidated Financial Statements. 
71 

Dominion Energy, Inc. 
Consolidated Balance Sheets 
At December 31, 
2024 
2023 
(millions) 
ASSETS 
Current Assets 
Cash and cash equivalents(1) 
$ 
310 
$ 
184 
Customer receivables (less allowance for doubtful accounts of $30 and $38)(1) 
2,169 
2,251 
Other receivables (less allowance for doubtful accounts of $2 and $1) 
358 
258 
Inventories: 
Materials and supplies 
1,360 
1,251 
Fossil fuel 
382 
417 
Gas stored 
22 
30 
Derivative assets 
436 
699 
Margin deposit assets 
104 
38 
Prepayments(1) 
315 
246 
Regulatory assets(1) 
992 
1,309 
Other(1) 
165 
175 
Assets held for sale 
— 
18,577 
Total current assets 
6,613 
25,435 
Investments 
Nuclear decommissioning trust funds 
8,051 
6,946 
Investment in equity method affiliates 
138 
268 
Other 
361 
324 
Total investments 
8,550 
7,538 
Property, Plant and Equipment 
Property, plant and equipment(1) 
94,844 
83,417 
Accumulated depreciation and amortization 
(25,982) 
(24,637) 
Total property, plant and equipment, net 
68,862 
58,780 
Deferred Charges and Other Assets 
Goodwill 
4,143 
4,143 
Pension and other postretirement benefit assets 
2,240 
1,779 
Intangible assets, net 
1,136 
945 
Derivative assets 
963 
597 
Regulatory assets(1) 
8,288 
8,356 
Other(1) 
1,620 
1,507 
Total deferred charges and other assets 
18,390 
17,327 
Total assets 
$102,415 
$109,080 
(1) See Note 16 for amounts attributable to VIEs. 
The accompanying notes are an integral part of Dominion Energy’s Consolidated Financial Statements. 
72 

At December 31, 
2024 
2023 
(millions) 
LIABILITIES AND EQUITY 
Current Liabilities 
Securities due within one year(1) 
$ 
1,725 
$ 
6,589 
Supplemental credit facility borrowings 
— 
450 
Short-term debt 
2,500 
3,956 
Accounts payable 
1,149 
921 
Accrued interest, payroll and taxes(1) 
1,045 
1,075 
Derivative liabilities 
207 
346 
Regulatory liabilities 
579 
522 
Other(2) 
2,084 
1,732 
Liabilities held for sale 
— 
8,885 
Total current liabilities 
9,289 
24,476 
Long-Term Debt 
Long-term debt 
33,034 
32,368 
Securitization bonds(1) 
1,054 
— 
Junior subordinated notes 
3,223 
688 
Supplemental credit facility borrowings 
— 
— 
Other 
214 
192 
Total long-term debt 
37,525 
33,248 
Deferred Credits and Other Liabilities 
Deferred income taxes 
6,412 
6,621 
Deferred investment tax credits 
1,070 
1,098 
Regulatory liabilities 
9,196 
8,674 
Asset retirement obligations(1) 
7,074 
5,641 
Derivative liabilities 
305 
321 
Other 
1,352 
1,434 
Total deferred credits and other liabilities 
25,409 
23,789 
Total liabilities 
72,223 
81,513 
Commitments and Contingencies (see Note 23) 
Equity 
Preferred stock (See Note 19) 
991 
1,783 
Common stock – no par(3) 
24,383 
23,728 
Retained earnings 
2,035 
2,229 
Accumulated other comprehensive loss 
(156) 
(173) 
Shareholders’ equity 
27,253 
27,567 
Noncontrolling interests 
2,939 
— 
Total equity 
30,192 
27,567 
Total liabilities and equity 
$102,415 
$109,080 
(1) See Note 16 for amounts attributable to VIEs. 
(2) See Note 9 for amounts attributable to related parties. 
(3) 1.8 billion shares authorized; 852 million shares and 838 million shares outstanding at December 31, 2024 and 2023, respectively. 
The accompanying notes are an integral part of Dominion Energy’s Consolidated Financial Statements. 
73 

Dominion Energy, Inc. 
Consolidated Statements of Equity 
 
Preferred Stock 
Common Stock 
 
 
 
 
Shares 
Amount Shares 
Amount 
Retained 
Earnings 
AOCI 
Shareholders’ 
Equity 
Noncontrolling 
Interests 
Total  
Equity 
(millions except per share amounts) 
 
 
December 31, 2021 
2 $1,783 
810 $21,610 $ 4,824 $(1,458) 
$26,759 
$ 
— 
$26,759 
Cumulative-effect of a change in accounting 
principle 
(1,202) 
1,202 
— 
— 
Net income including noncontrolling 
interests 
1,191 
1,191 
1,191 
Issuance of stock 
 
 
25 
1,969 
 
 
1,969 
1,969 
Stock awards (net of change in unearned 
compensation) 
 
 
26 
 
 
26 
26 
Preferred stock dividends (See Note 19) 
(93) 
(93) 
(93) 
Common dividends ($2.67 per common 
share) and distributions 
(2,209) 
(2,209) 
(2,209) 
Other comprehensive income, net of tax 
 
 
16 
16 
16 
December 31, 2022 
2 $1,783 
835 $23,605 $ 2,511 $ (240) 
$27,659 
$ 
— 
$27,659 
Net income including noncontrolling 
interests 
2,031 
2,031 
2,031 
Issuance of stock 
2 
94 
 
 
94 
94 
Stock awards (net of change in unearned 
compensation) 
1 
30 
 
 
30 
30 
Preferred stock dividends (See Note 19) 
(81) 
(81) 
(81) 
Common dividends ($2.67 per common 
share) 
(2,233) 
(2,233) 
(2,233) 
Other comprehensive income, net of tax 
 
 
67 
67 
67 
Other 
(1) 
1 
— 
— 
December 31, 2023 
2 $1,783 
838 $23,728 $ 2,229 $ (173) 
$27,567 
$ 
— 
$27,567 
Net income including noncontrolling 
interests 
 
 
2,124 
2,124 
(53) 
2,071 
Issuance of stock 
14 
732 
 
 
732 
732 
Sale of noncontrolling interest in OSWP 
(107) 
 
(107) 
2,615 
2,508 
Contributions from Stonepeak to OSWP 
 
 
 
 
 
 
377 
377 
Stock awards (net of change in unearned 
compensation) 
 
 
— 
30 
 
 
30 
30 
Repurchase and redemption of preferred 
stock 
(1) 
(791) 
 
 
 
 
(791) 
(791) 
Preferred stock dividends (See Note 19) 
 
 
(78) 
 
(78) 
(78) 
Common dividends ($2.67 per common 
share) 
 
 
(2,239) 
 
(2,239) 
(2,239) 
Other comprehensive income, net of tax 
 
 
 
17 
17 
17 
Other 
(1) 
(1) 
 
(2) 
(2) 
December 31, 2024 
1 $ 991 
852 $24,383 $ 2,035 $ (156) 
$27,253 
$2,939 
$30,192 
The accompanying notes are an integral part of Dominion Energy’s Consolidated Financial Statements. 
74 

Dominion Energy, Inc. 
Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows 
Year Ended December 31, 
2024 
2023 
2022 
(millions) 
Operating Activities 
Net income including noncontrolling interests 
$ 2,071 
$ 2,031 
$ 1,191 
Adjustments to reconcile net income including noncontrolling interests to net cash provided by operating activities: 
Depreciation, depletion and amortization (including nuclear fuel) 
2,639 
3,128 
3,113 
Deferred income taxes 
(302) 
1,474 
58 
Deferred investment tax credits (benefits) 
(32) 
(37) 
141 
Impairment of assets and other charges 
639 
695 
1,435 
Losses (gains) on the East Ohio, Questar Gas and PSNC Transactions 
130 
— 
— 
Losses (gains) on sales of assets and equity method investments (including Cove Point) 
— 
(657) 
467 
Net (gains) losses on nuclear decommissioning trusts funds and other investments 
(669) 
(474) 
505 
Other adjustments 
18 
378 
(62) 
Changes in: 
Accounts receivable 
208 
147 
(985) 
Inventories 
(87) 
(198) 
(216) 
Deferred fuel and purchased gas costs, net 
727 
975 
(2,021) 
Prepayments and deposits, net 
(108) 
516 
145 
Accounts payable 
76 
(506) 
556 
Accrued interest, payroll and taxes 
(85) 
175 
41 
Net realized and unrealized changes related to derivative activities 
236 
(35) 
(47) 
Pension and other postretirement benefits 
(208) 
(476) 
(274) 
Other operating assets and liabilities 
(235) 
(564) 
(347) 
Net cash provided by operating activities 
5,018 
6,572 
3,700 
Investing Activities 
Plant construction and other property additions (including nuclear fuel) 
(12,198) 
(10,211) 
(7,591) 
Acquisition of solar development projects 
(229) 
(24) 
(167) 
Proceeds from sale of noncontrolling interest in Cove Point 
— 
3,293 
— 
Proceeds from sale of Hope 
— 
— 
727 
Proceeds from East Ohio, Questar Gas and PSNC Transactions 
9,243 
— 
— 
Proceeds from sales of securities 
3,072 
2,966 
3,282 
Purchases of securities 
(3,213) 
(3,152) 
(3,067) 
Proceeds from sales of assets 
35 
47 
252 
Contributions to equity method affiliates 
(20) 
(104) 
(43) 
Distributions from equity method affiliates 
126 
1 
3 
Short-term deposit 
— 
— 
(2,000) 
Return of short-term deposit 
— 
— 
2,000 
Other 
1 
(23) 
(142) 
Net cash used in investing activities 
(3,183) 
(7,207) 
(6,746) 
Financing Activities 
Issuance (repayment) of short-term debt, net 
(1,456) 
533 
1,109 
364-day term loan facility borrowings 
3,000 
5,725 
— 
Repayment of 364-day term loan facility borrowings 
(7,750) 
(975) 
— 
Issuance and remarketing of long-term debt 
5,993 
3,310 
4,965 
Repayment and repurchase of long-term debt 
(2,740) 
(5,673) 
(1,388) 
Issuance of securitization bonds 
1,282 
— 
— 
Repayment of securitization bonds 
(65) 
— 
— 
Supplemental credit facility borrowings 
— 
900 
900 
Supplemental credit facility repayments 
(450) 
(900) 
(450) 
Proceeds from sale of noncontrolling interest in OSWP 
2,558 
— 
— 
Contributions from Stonepeak to OSWP 
377 
— 
— 
Series B Preferred Stock repurchase and redemption 
(801) 
— 
— 
Series A Preferred Stock redemption 
— 
— 
(1,610) 
Issuance of common stock 
732 
94 
1,866 
Common dividend payments 
(2,239) 
(2,233) 
(2,209) 
Other 
(212) 
(186) 
(204) 
Net cash provided by (used in) financing activities 
(1,771) 
595 
2,979 
Increase (decrease) in cash, restricted cash and equivalents 
64 
(40) 
(67) 
Cash, restricted cash and equivalents at beginning of period 
301 
341 
408 
Cash, restricted cash and equivalents at end of period 
$ 
365 
$ 
301 
$ 
341 
See Note 2 for disclosure of supplemental cash flow information. 
The accompanying notes are an integral part of Dominion Energy’s Consolidated Financial Statements. 
75 

REPORT OF INDEPENDENT REGISTERED 
PUBLIC ACCOUNTING FIRM 
To the Board of Directors and Shareholder of Virginia Electric 
and Power Company 
Opinion on the Consolidated Financial Statements 
We have audited the accompanying consolidated balance sheets of 
Virginia Electric and Power Company (a wholly-owned sub-
sidiary of Dominion Energy, Inc.) and subsidiaries (“Virginia 
Power”) at December 31, 2024 and 2023, the related con-
solidated statements of income, comprehensive income, equity, 
and cash flows, for each of the three years in the period ended 
December 31, 2024, and the related notes (collectively referred to 
as the “consolidated financial statements”). In our opinion, the 
consolidated financial statements present fairly, in all material 
respects, the financial position of Virginia Power at December 31, 
2024 and 2023, and the results of its operations and its cash flows 
for each of the three years in the period ended December 31, 
2024, in conformity with accounting principles generally 
accepted in the United States of America. 
Basis for Opinion 
These consolidated financial statements are the responsibility of 
Virginia Power’s management. Our responsibility is to express an 
opinion on Virginia Power’s consolidated financial statements 
based on our audits. We are a public accounting firm registered 
with the Public Company Accounting Oversight Board (United 
States) (PCAOB) and are required to be independent with respect 
to Virginia Power in accordance with the U.S. federal securities 
laws and the applicable rules and regulations of the Securities and 
Exchange Commission and the PCAOB. 
We conducted our audits in accordance with the standards of 
the PCAOB. Those standards require that we plan and perform 
the audit to obtain reasonable assurance about whether the con-
solidated financial statements are free of material misstatement, 
whether due to error or fraud. Virginia Power is not required to 
have, nor were we engaged to perform, an audit of its internal 
control over financial reporting. As part of our audits, we are 
required to obtain an understanding of internal control over 
financial reporting but not for the purpose of expressing an opin-
ion on the effectiveness of Virginia Power’s internal control over 
financial reporting. Accordingly, we express no such opinion. 
Our audits included performing procedures to assess the risks 
of material misstatement of the consolidated financial statements, 
whether due to error or fraud, and performing procedures that 
respond to those risks. Such procedures included examining, on a 
test basis, evidence regarding the amounts and disclosures in the 
consolidated financial statements. Our audits also included evalu-
ating the accounting principles used and significant estimates 
made by management, as well as evaluating the overall pre-
sentation of the consolidated financial statements. We believe that 
our audits provide a reasonable basis for our opinion. 
Critical Audit Matters 
The critical audit matters communicated below are matters aris-
ing from the current-period audit of the financial statements that 
were communicated or required to be communicated to the audit 
committee and that (1) relate to accounts or disclosures that are 
material to the financial statements and (2) involved our espe-
cially challenging, subjective, or complex judgments. The 
communication of critical audit matters does not alter in any way 
our opinion on the financial statements, taken as a whole, and we 
are not, by communicating the critical audit matters below, pro-
viding separate opinions on the critical audit matters or on the 
accounts or disclosures to which they relate. 
Regulatory Assets and Liabilities—Impact of Rate Regulation 
on the Consolidated Financial Statements—Refer to Notes 2, 
12 and 13 to the Consolidated Financial Statements 
Critical Audit Matter Description 
Virginia Power is subject to utility rate regulation by certain state 
public utility commissions and the Federal Energy Regulatory 
Commission (“FERC”) (collectively, the “relevant commissions”), 
which have jurisdiction with respect to the rates of electric utility 
companies in the territories Virginia Power serves. Management 
has determined Virginia Power meets the requirements under 
accounting principles generally accepted in the United States of 
America to apply the specialized rules to account for the effects of 
cost-based rate regulation. Accounting for the economics of rate 
regulation impacts multiple financial statement line items and 
disclosures such as property, plant, and equipment, net; regu-
latory assets; regulatory liabilities; operating revenues; electric fuel 
and other energy-related purchases; other operations and main-
tenance expense; depreciation and amortization expense; and 
impairment of assets and other charges (benefits), collectively, the 
“financial statement impacts of rate regulation”. 
Revenue provided by Virginia Power’s electric transmission, 
distribution and generation operations is primarily based on rates 
approved by the relevant commissions. Further, Virginia Power’s 
retail base rates, terms and conditions for generation and dis-
tribution services to customers in Virginia are reviewed by the 
Virginia State Corporation Commission (the “Virginia 
Commission”) in a proceeding that involves the determination of 
Virginia Power’s actual earned return on equity (“ROE”) during a 
historic test period and determination of Virginia Power’s 
authorized ROE prospectively. Under certain circumstances, 
Virginia Power may be required to credit a portion of its earnings 
to customers. 
When it is probable that regulators will permit the recovery of 
current costs through future rates charged to customers, these 
costs that otherwise would be expensed by nonregulated compa-
nies are deferred as regulatory assets. Likewise, regulatory 
liabilities are recognized when it is probable that regulators will 
require customer refunds or other benefits through future rates or 
when revenue is collected from customers for expenditures that 
have yet to be incurred. In addition, a loss is recognized if it 
becomes probable that capital expenditures will be disallowed for 
ratemaking purposes and if a reasonable estimate of the amount 
of the disallowance can be made. Virginia Power evaluates 
whether recovery of its regulatory assets through future rates is 
probable as well as whether a regulatory liability due to customers 
is probable and makes various assumptions in its analyses. These 
analyses are generally based on orders issued by regulatory com-
missions, legislation and judicial actions; past experience; dis-
cussions with applicable regulatory authorities and legal counsel; 
estimated construction costs; forecasted earnings; and 
76 

considerations around the likelihood of impacts from events such 
as unusual weather conditions, extreme weather events, and other 
natural disasters, and unplanned outages of facilities. 
We identified the impact of rate regulation as a critical audit 
matter due to the significant judgments made by management to 
support its assertions about the financial statement impacts of rate 
regulation. Management judgments include assessing the like-
lihood of (1) recovery of its regulatory assets through future rates 
and (2) whether a regulatory liability is due to customers. Given 
management’s accounting judgments are based on assumptions 
about the outcome of future decisions by the relevant commis-
sions, auditing these judgments required specialized knowledge of 
the accounting for rate regulation and the rate setting process due 
to its inherent complexities. 
How the Critical Audit Matter Was Addressed in the Audit 
Our audit procedures related to the assessment of whether recov-
ery of regulatory assets through future rates or a regulatory 
liability due to customers is probable included the following, 
among others: 
• 
We tested the effectiveness of management’s controls over 
the evaluation of the likelihood of (1) recovery of regu-
latory assets through future rates, and (2) whether a regu-
latory liability is due to customers. We also tested the 
effectiveness of management’s controls over the initial 
recognition of amounts as regulatory assets or liabilities; 
and the monitoring and evaluation of regulatory and legis-
lative developments that may impact the assessment of 
whether recovery of regulatory assets through future rates 
or a regulatory liability due to customers is probable. 
• 
We evaluated Virginia Power’s disclosures related to the 
financial statement impacts of rate regulation. 
• 
We read and evaluated orders issued by the relevant 
commissions, as well as relevant regulatory statutes, inter-
pretations, procedural memorandums, existing laws and 
other publicly available information to assess whether this 
external information was properly considered by 
management in concluding upon the financial statement 
impacts of rate regulation. 
• 
We considered the likelihood of (1) recovery of regulatory 
assets through future rates and (2) whether a regulatory 
liability is due to customers based on precedents estab-
lished by the relevant commissions’ previous orders and 
Virginia Power’s past experience with relevant commis-
sions. 
• 
For regulatory matters in process, we inspected associated 
documents and testimony filed with the relevant commis-
sions for any evidence that might contradict manage-
ment’s assertions. 
• 
We read and analyzed the minutes of the Board of Direc-
tors of Dominion Energy, Inc. and the Board of Directors 
of Virginia Power, for discussions of changes in legal, 
regulatory, or business factors which could impact 
management’s conclusions with respect to the financial 
statement impacts of rate regulation. 
Coastal Virginia Offshore Wind (“CVOW”) Commercial 
Project—Estimated Total Project Cost—Refer to Note 10 to 
the Consolidated Financial Statements 
Critical Audit Matter Description 
As discussed in Note 10, Virginia Power’s CVOW Commercial 
Project is expected to be placed in service by the end of 2026 with 
an estimated total project cost of approximately $10.7 billion, 
excluding financing costs. The expected total project cost reflects 
increases driven primarily by projections for onshore electrical 
interconnection costs and network upgrade costs assigned by 
PJM. Relative to Virginia Power’s previous cost estimate, the 
updated estimated total project cost reflects an approximately 
$0.6 billion increase for such onshore costs and network upgrade 
costs assigned to the project by PJM and an approximately $0.3 
billion increase for increased contingency for remaining con-
struction activities and other factors. 
Virginia Power is subject to a cost sharing mechanism in 
which Virginia Power will be eligible to recover 50% of such 
incremental costs which fall between $10.3 billion and $11.3 bil-
lion with no recovery of such incremental costs which fall 
between $11.3 billion and $13.7 billion. There is no cost sharing 
mechanism for any total construction costs in excess of $13.7 bil-
lion, the recovery of which would be determined in a future Vir-
ginia Commission proceeding. In October 2024, Virginia Power 
closed on the sale of a 50% noncontrolling interest in the CVOW 
Commercial Project to Stonepeak Partners, LLC (Stonepeak) 
pursuant to which Stonepeak will contribute 50% of the remain-
ing capital necessary to fund construction of the CVOW Com-
mercial Project provided the total project cost, excluding 
financing costs, is less than $11.3 billion. 
As a result of the revised total project cost estimate and cost 
sharing mechanism, in the fourth quarter of 2024 Virginia Power 
recorded a charge for costs not expected to be recovered from 
customers of $206 million within impairment of assets and other 
charges, which includes $103 million attributable to non-
controlling interests, and an associated income tax benefit of $26 
million, in Virginia Power’s Consolidated Statements of Income. 
We identified the auditing of management’s anticipated allo-
cated network upgrade costs and project contingency cost 
components of the revised total project cost estimate as a critical 
audit matter because of the judgments management made to 
determine those components of the expected total project cost. 
This required a high degree of auditor judgment and subjectivity, 
and a significant extent of effort, including the need to involve 
our construction specialists. 
How the Critical Audit Matter Was Addressed in the Audit 
Our audit procedures related to the reasonableness of the antici-
pated allocated network upgrade costs and total project con-
tingency components included the following, among others: 
• 
We tested the effectiveness of internal controls over man-
agement’s calculation of estimated total project costs, 
including those over the determination of anticipated 
allocated network upgrade costs and the estimate of total 
project contingency. 
• 
We evaluated management’s ability to accurately forecast 
contingency by performing a retrospective review of the 
project’s historical contingency utilization, reviewing 
77 

internal communications relevant to the project, reading 
public information included in press releases and regu-
latory filings. 
• 
With the assistance of our construction specialists, we 
evaluated the reasonableness of the (1) contingency meth-
odology (2) percentage complete of certain significant 
project components and (3) overall contingency percent-
age. 
• 
We obtained an understanding of management’s cost 
model for the network upgrade costs. We audited key 
inputs to the model and associated allocated cost estimate 
as it relates to the network upgrade costs, including gen-
erator participation and other expected transmission proj-
ects. We selected a sample of project costs associated with 
the network upgrade cost and compared our selections to 
realized costs of comparable historical projects. 
/s/ Deloitte & Touche LLP 
Richmond, Virginia 
February 27, 2025 
We have served as Virginia Power’s auditor since 1988. 
78 

Virginia Electric and Power Company 
Consolidated Statements of Income 
Year Ended December 31, 
2024 
2023 
2022 
(millions) 
Operating Revenue(1) 
$10,235 
$9,573 
$9,654 
Operating Expenses 
Electric fuel and other energy-related purchases(1) 
2,743 
2,918 
2,913 
Purchased electric capacity 
68 
46 
46 
Other operations and maintenance: 
Affiliated suppliers 
433 
395 
342 
Other 
1,804 
1,456 
1,709 
Depreciation and amortization 
1,644 
1,871 
1,736 
Other taxes 
333 
298 
303 
Impairment of assets and other charges 
292 
115 
557 
Total operating expenses 
7,317 
7,099 
7,606 
Income from operations 
2,918 
2,474 
2,048 
Other income (expense) 
195 
131 
— 
Interest and related charges(1) 
848 
764 
642 
Income before income tax expense 
2,265 
1,841 
1,406 
Income tax expense 
408 
389 
294 
Net Income Including Noncontrolling Interests 
$ 1,857 
$1,452 
$1,112 
Noncontrolling Interests 
(53) 
— 
— 
Net Income Attributable to Virginia Power 
$ 1,910 
$1,452 
$1,112 
(1) See Note 25 for amounts attributable to affiliates. 
The accompanying notes are an integral part of Virginia Power’s Consolidated Financial Statements. 
79 

Virginia Electric and Power Company 
Consolidated Statements of Comprehensive Income 
Year Ended December 31, 
2024 
2023 
2022 
(millions) 
Net income including noncontrolling interests 
$1,857 
$1,452 
$1,112 
Other comprehensive income (loss), net of taxes: 
Net deferred gains (losses) on derivatives-hedging activities, net of $(4), $— and $(20) tax 
13 
(1) 
60 
Changes in unrealized net gains (losses) on investment securities, net of $2, $(3) and $4 tax 
(5) 
7 
(11) 
Amounts reclassified to net income (loss): 
Net derivative (gains) losses-hedging activities, net of $—, $(1) and $(1) tax 
— 
— 
1 
Net realized (gains) losses on investment securities, net of $(1), $— and $— tax 
3 
1 
— 
Total other comprehensive income (loss) 
11 
7 
50 
Comprehensive income including noncontrolling interests 
$1,868 
$1,459 
$1,162 
Comprehensive income (loss) attributable to noncontrolling interests 
(53) 
— 
— 
Comprehensive income attributable to Virginia Power 
$1,921 
$1,459 
$1,162 
The accompanying notes are an integral part of Virginia Power’s Consolidated Financial Statements. 
80 

Virginia Electric and Power Company 
Consolidated Balance Sheets 
At December 31, 
2024 
2023 
(millions) 
ASSETS 
Current Assets 
Cash and cash equivalents(1) 
$ 
160 
$ 
90 
Customer receivables (less allowance for doubtful accounts of $23 and $30)(1) 
1,612 
1,728 
Other receivables (less allowance for doubtful accounts of $2 and $1) 
168 
121 
Affiliated receivables 
27 
50 
Inventories (average cost method) 
Materials and supplies 
849 
761 
Fossil fuel 
299 
324 
Derivative assets(2) 
248 
234 
Margin deposit assets 
1 
35 
Prepayments(1) 
64 
46 
Regulatory assets(1) 
697 
868 
Other(1) 
129 
60 
Total current assets 
4,254 
4,317 
Investments 
Nuclear decommissioning trust funds 
4,286 
3,716 
Other 
4 
4 
Total investments 
4,290 
3,720 
Property, Plant and Equipment 
Property, plant and equipment(1) 
70,550 
60,963 
Accumulated depreciation and amortization 
(18,033) 
(17,096) 
Total property, plant and equipment, net 
52,517 
43,867 
Deferred Charges and Other Assets 
Pension and other postretirement benefit assets(2) 
663 
584 
Intangible assets, net 
818 
653 
Regulatory assets(1) 
4,537 
4,317 
Other(1)(2) 
1,308 
1,160 
Total deferred charges and other assets 
7,326 
6,714 
Total assets 
$ 68,387 
$ 58,618 
(1) See Note 16 for amounts attributable to VIEs. 
(2) See Note 25 for amounts attributable to affiliates. 
The accompanying notes are an integral part of Virginia Power’s Consolidated Financial Statements. 
81 

At December 31, 
2024 
2023 
(millions) 
LIABILITIES AND EQUITY 
Current Liabilities 
Securities due within one year(1) 
$ 
548 
$ 
381 
Short-term debt 
950 
455 
Accounts payable 
660 
597 
Payables to affiliates 
133 
111 
Accrued dividend(2) 
407 
— 
Affiliated current borrowings 
500 
500 
Accrued interest, payroll and taxes(1) 
366 
293 
Asset retirement obligations 
321 
377 
Regulatory liabilities 
385 
321 
Derivative liabilities(2) 
139 
244 
Other 
1,228 
908 
Total current liabilities 
5,637 
4,187 
Long-Term Debt 
Long-term debt 
18,874 
17,043 
Securitization bonds(1) 
1,054 
— 
Other 
110 
72 
Total long-term debt 
20,038 
17,115 
Deferred Credits and Other Liabilities 
Deferred income taxes 
4,045 
3,624 
Deferred investment tax credits 
640 
656 
Asset retirement obligations(1) 
5,076 
4,276 
Regulatory liabilities 
6,574 
5,978 
Other(2) 
1,224 
1,125 
Total deferred credits and other liabilities 
17,559 
15,659 
Total liabilities 
43,234 
36,961 
Commitments and Contingencies (see Note 23) 
Equity 
Common stock – no par(3) 
8,987 
8,987 
Other paid-in capital 
1,006 
1,113 
Retained earnings 
12,194 
11,541 
Accumulated other comprehensive income 
27 
16 
Shareholder’s equity 
22,214 
21,657 
Noncontrolling interests 
2,939 
— 
Total equity 
25,153 
21,657 
Total liabilities and equity 
$68,387 
$58,618 
(1) See Note 16 for amounts attributable to VIEs. 
(2) See Note 25 for amounts attributable to affiliates. 
(3) 500,000 shares authorized; 324,245 shares outstanding at both December 31, 2024 and 2023. 
The accompanying notes are an integral part of Virginia Power’s Consolidated Financial Statements. 
82 

Virginia Electric and Power Company 
Consolidated Statements of Equity 
 
Common Stock 
 
 
 
 
 
Shares 
Amount 
Other 
Paid-In 
Capital 
Retained 
Earnings 
AOCI 
Shareholder’s 
Equity 
Noncontrolling 
Interests 
Total 
Equity 
(millions, except for shares) 
(thousands) 
 
 
December 31, 2021 
275 
$5,738 
$1,113 
$ 8,977 
$(41) 
$15,787 
$ 
— 
$15,787 
Net income 
1,112 
1,112 
1,112 
Other comprehensive income, net of tax 
50 
50 
50 
December 31, 2022 
275 
5,738 
1,113 
10,089 
9 
16,949 
— 
16,949 
Net income 
1,452 
1,452 
1,452 
Issuance of stock to Dominion Energy 
49 
3,250 
 
 
 
3,250 
3,250 
Other comprehensive income, net of tax 
7 
7 
7 
Other 
(1) 
 
 
 
(1) 
(1) 
December 31, 2023 
324 
8,987 
1,113 
11,541 
16 
21,657 
— 
21,657 
Net income including noncontrolling 
interests 
1,910 
1,910 
(53) 
1,857 
Sale of noncontrolling interest in OSWP 
(107) 
 
 
(107) 
2,615 
2,508 
Contributions from Stonepeak to OSWP 
 
 
 
377 
377 
Dividends 
(1,257) 
(1,257) 
(1,257) 
Other comprehensive income, net of tax 
11 
11 
11 
December 31, 2024 
324 
$8,987 
$1,006 
$12,194 
$ 27 
$22,214 
$2,939 
$25,153 
The accompanying notes are an integral part of Virginia Power’s Consolidated Financial Statements. 
83 

Virginia Electric and Power Company 
Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows 
Year Ended December 31, 
2024 
2023 
2022 
(millions) 
Operating Activities 
Net income including noncontrolling interests 
$ 1,857 
$ 1,452 
$ 1,112 
Adjustments to reconcile net income including noncontrolling interests to net cash provided by 
operating activities: 
Depreciation and amortization (including nuclear fuel) 
1,802 
2,034 
1,892 
Deferred income taxes 
384 
504 
141 
Deferred investment tax credits (benefits) 
(20) 
(5) 
153 
Impairment of assets and other charges 
292 
130 
493 
Net (gains) losses on nuclear decommissioning trust funds and other investments 
(97) 
(68) 
66 
Other adjustments 
(44) 
237 
(42) 
Changes in: 
Accounts receivable 
51 
1 
(629) 
Affiliated receivables and payables 
46 
(188) 
165 
Inventories 
(65) 
(165) 
(71) 
Prepayments and deposits, net 
34 
289 
(150) 
Deferred fuel expenses, net 
304 
538 
(1,393) 
Accounts payable 
(21) 
(43) 
145 
Accrued interest, payroll and taxes 
73 
23 
(4) 
Net realized and unrealized changes related to derivative activities 
153 
451 
109 
Other operating assets and liabilities 
(163) 
(375) 
(159) 
Net cash provided by operating activities 
4,586 
4,815 
1,828 
Investing Activities 
Plant construction and other property additions 
(9,760) 
(6,978) 
(4,909) 
Purchases of nuclear fuel 
(168) 
(194) 
(201) 
Acquisition of solar development projects 
(40) 
(24) 
(77) 
Proceeds from sales of securities 
1,925 
1,876 
1,538 
Purchases of securities 
(2,011) 
(1,987) 
(1,580) 
Other 
8 
19 
34 
Net cash used in investing activities 
(10,046) 
(7,288) 
(5,195) 
Financing Activities 
Issuance (repayment) of short-term debt, net 
495 
(486) 
196 
Issuance (repayment) of affiliated current borrowings, net 
— 
(1,524) 
1,325 
Issuance and remarketing of long-term debt 
2,443 
2,660 
2,338 
Repayment and repurchase of long-term debt 
(593) 
(1,308) 
(438) 
Issuance of common stock 
— 
3,250 
— 
Issuance of securitization bonds 
1,282 
— 
— 
Repayment of securitization bonds 
(65) 
— 
— 
Proceeds from sale of noncontrolling interest in OSWP 
2,558 
— 
— 
Contributions from Stonepeak to OSWP 
377 
— 
— 
Common dividend payments to parent 
(850) 
— 
— 
Other 
(71) 
(53) 
(56) 
Net cash provided by financing activities 
5,576 
2,539 
3,365 
Increase (decrease) in cash, restricted cash and equivalents 
116 
66 
(2) 
Cash, restricted cash and equivalents at beginning of year 
90 
24 
26 
Cash, restricted cash and equivalents at end of year 
$ 
206 
$ 
90 
$ 
24 
See Note 2 for disclosure of supplemental cash flow information. 
The accompanying notes are an integral part of Virginia Power’s Consolidated Financial Statements. 
84 

Combined Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements 
NOTE 1. NATURE OF OPERATIONS 
Dominion Energy, headquartered in Richmond, Virginia, is one 
of the nation’s leading developers and operators of regulated off-
shore wind and solar power and the largest producer of carbon-
free electricity in New England, and serves primarily electric 
utility customers in Virginia, North Carolina and South Carolina 
through its subsidiaries, Virginia Power and DESC. Dominion 
Energy also has nonregulated operations that consist primarily of 
long-term contracted electric generation operations. 
In connection with the comprehensive business review con-
cluded in March 2024, Dominion Energy sold all of its regulated 
gas distribution operations, except for DESC’s, to Enbridge 
through the East Ohio Transaction (completed in March 2024), 
the Questar Gas Transaction (completed in May 2024) and the 
PSNC Transaction (completed in September 2024). In addition 
in September 2023, Dominion Energy completed the sale of its 
remaining 50% noncontrolling partnership interest in Cove Point 
to BHE. As discussed in Notes 3 and 9, these operations as well as 
certain solar generation facility development operations are 
reflected as discontinued operations in Dominion Energy’s Con-
solidated Financial Statements. 
Dominion Energy manages its daily operations through three 
primary operating segments: Dominion Energy Virginia, Domin-
ion Energy South Carolina and Contracted Energy. Dominion 
Energy also reports a Corporate and Other segment, which 
includes its corporate, service company and other functions 
(including unallocated debt) as well as its noncontrolling interest 
in Dominion Privatization, its noncontrolling interest in Wran-
gler (through March 2022) and Hope (through August 2022). In 
addition, Corporate and Other includes specific items attributable 
to Dominion Energy’s operating segments that are not included 
in profit measures evaluated by executive management in assess-
ing the operating segments’ performance or in allocating resources 
including the net impact of the operations reflected as dis-
continued operations, which in addition to the operations dis-
cussed above includes Dominion Energy’s noncontrolling interest 
in Atlantic Coast Pipeline. See Notes 3 and 9 for additional 
information. 
Virginia Power is a regulated public utility that generates, 
transmits and distributes electricity for sale in Virginia and North 
Carolina. Virginia Power is a member of PJM, an RTO, and its 
electric transmission facilities are integrated into the PJM whole-
sale electricity markets. All of Virginia Power’s stock is owned by 
Dominion Energy. 
Virginia Power manages its daily operations through 
one primary operating segment: Dominion Energy Virginia. It 
also reports a Corporate and Other segment that primarily 
includes specific items attributable to its operating segment that 
are not included in profit measures evaluated by executive 
management in assessing the segment’s performance or in allocat-
ing resources. 
See Note 26 for further discussion of the Companies’ operat-
ing segments. 
NOTE 2. SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING POLICIES 
General 
The Companies make certain estimates and assumptions in pre-
paring their Consolidated Financial Statements in accordance 
with GAAP. These estimates and assumptions affect the reported 
amounts of assets and liabilities, the disclosure of contingent 
assets and liabilities at the date of the financial statements and the 
reported amounts of revenues, expenses and cash flows for the 
periods presented. Actual results may differ from those estimates. 
The Companies’ Consolidated Financial Statements include, 
after eliminating intercompany transactions and balances, their 
accounts, those of their respective majority-owned subsidiaries 
and non-wholly-owned entities in which they have a controlling 
financial interest. For certain partnership structures, income is 
allocated based on the liquidation value of the underlying con-
tractual arrangements. Stonepeak’s 50% ownership interest in 
OSWP is reflected as noncontrolling interest in the Companies’ 
Consolidated Financial Statements. 
The Companies report certain contracts, instruments and 
investments at fair value. See below and Note 6 for further 
information on fair value measurements. 
The Companies consider acquisitions or dispositions in which 
substantially all of the fair value of the gross assets acquired or 
disposed of is concentrated into a single identifiable asset or group 
of similar identifiable assets to be an acquisition or a disposition 
of an asset, rather than a business. See Notes 3 and 10 for further 
information on such transactions. 
Dominion Energy maintains pension and other postretire-
ment benefit plans and Virginia Power participates in certain of 
these plans. See Note 22 for further information on these plans. 
Certain amounts in the Companies’ 2023 and 2022 Con-
solidated Financial Statements have been reclassified to conform 
to the 2024 presentation for comparative purposes; however, such 
reclassifications did not affect the Companies’ net income, total 
assets, liabilities, equity or cash flows. Effective in the fourth quar-
ter of 2024, Dominion Energy changed its method of accounting 
for the recognition of actuarial gains and losses on its defined 
benefit pension and other postretirement benefit plans into earn-
ings from an amortization approach to immediate recognition. All 
prior period information was conformed to this presentation as 
described below under the heading Change in Accounting Policy. 
Amounts disclosed for Dominion Energy are inclusive of 
Virginia Power, where applicable. 
Change in Accounting Policy 
During the fourth quarter of 2024, Dominion Energy changed its 
method of accounting for the recognition of actuarial gains and 
losses on its defined benefit pension and other postretirement 
benefit plans into earnings from an amortization approach to 
immediate recognition. Previously, Dominion Energy recognized 
the net actuarial gains and losses as a component of AOCI and 
amortized such amounts into earnings to the extent such gains 
85 

Combined Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements, Continued 
and losses were outside a corridor of the greater of 10% of the 
market-related value of plan assets or 10% of the plans’ projected 
benefit obligation. As a result of the change in policy, Dominion 
Energy immediately recognizes the change in the fair value of 
plan assets and liabilities and net actuarial gains and losses annu-
ally in the fourth quarter of each fiscal year as well as whenever a 
triggering event occurs that is determined to require remeasure-
ment. This change in accounting policy does not impact the 
recognition of the other components of net periodic benefit cost 
associated with Dominion Energy’s defined benefit pension and 
other postretirement benefit plans. Actuarial losses attributable to 
Dominion Energy’s rate regulated operations are deferred to regu-
latory assets when it is probable that regulators will permit them 
to be recovered from customers in future rates. Likewise, actuarial 
gains attributable to Dominion Energy’s rate regulated operations 
are deferred to regulatory liabilities when it is probable that regu-
lators will require customer refunds or other benefits through 
future rates. Although the amortization of actuarial gains and 
losses is considered acceptable, Dominion Energy believes the 
immediate recognition of actuarial gains and losses is preferable as 
it eliminates the delay in recognizing gains and losses to earnings. 
Dominion Energy applied this change in accounting policy retro-
spectively to all prior periods presented. 
The following table details the increase (decrease) to each 
affected line item in Dominion Energy’s Consolidated Statements 
of Income for the periods presented: 
Dominion Energy 
Year ended December 31, 
2024 
2023 
2022 
(millions, except per share amounts) 
Employee Benefit Plan Market-Related Impacts(1) 
Other income (expense) 
$ (359) 
$(8) 
$ (226) 
Income tax expense 
(93) 
(7) 
(57) 
Net income from continuing operations(2) 
(266) 
(1) 
(169) 
Net income (loss) from discontinued 
operations 
— 
— 
28 
Earnings per share(2) 
(0.32) 
— 
(0.17) 
(1) Excludes the impacts associated with the impairment of goodwill asso-
ciated with the Questar Transaction previously recorded in 2023 and 
gain on sale of Hope in 2022. Such amounts are an $18 million and 
$38 million increase in net income from discontinued operations with a 
corresponding $0.02 and $0.04 increase in earnings per share, for the 
years ended December 31, 2024 and 2023, respectively, and a $14 
decrease in loss on sales of assets, a $3 million increase in income tax 
expense and an $11 million increase in net income from continuing 
operations, resulting in a $0.01 increase in earnings per share for the 
year ended December 31, 2022. Such amounts include the impact on 
deferred income taxes of $10 million in 2023 related to an increase in 
the deferred taxes on the outside basis of Questar Gas, Wexpro and 
related affiliates’ stock, which reversed in 2024 upon closing of the Ques-
tar Gas Transaction. The impact to Dominion Energy’s net income (loss) 
from discontinued operations includes an increase (decrease) of 
$4 million ($— per share), $16 million ($0.02 per share), $(2) million 
($— per share) and $— million ($— per share) for the first, second, 
third and fourth quarters of 2024, respectively. 
(2) The impact to Dominion Energy’s net income from continuing oper-
ations includes an increase (decrease) of $(237) million ($(0.28) per 
share), $(8) million ($(0.01) per share), $6 million ($0.01 per share) 
and $(27) million ($(0.03) per share) for the first, second, third and 
fourth quarters of 2024, respectively. 
The employee benefit plan market-related impacts on Domin-
ion Energy’s Consolidated Statements of Comprehensive Income 
for the years ended 2024, 2023 and 2022 was an increase 
(decrease) to changes in net unrecognized pension and other post-
retirement benefit costs (credits) of $278 million (net of tax of 
$(98) million), $(27) million (net of tax of $9 million) and 
$218 million (net of tax of $(75) million), respectively, and an 
increase (decrease) to amounts reclassified to net income (loss) 
related to net pension and other postretirement benefits costs 
(credits) of $(68) million (net of tax of $24 million), $28 million 
(net of tax of $(15) million) and $(88) million (net of tax of 
$32 million), respectively. 
The employee benefit plan market-related impacts on Domin-
ion Energy’s Consolidated Balance Sheets at December 31, 2024 
and 2023 was a reclassification between AOCI and retained earn-
ings. In addition, Dominion Energy’s Consolidated Balance Sheet 
at December 31, 2023 had an increase of $48 million in assets 
held for sale related to a decreased impairment of goodwill asso-
ciated with the Questar Gas Transaction. Dominion Energy 
recorded a cumulative decrease of $1.2 billion to retained earn-
ings as of January 1, 2022. 
Operating Revenue 
Operating revenue is recorded on the basis of services rendered, 
commodities delivered or contracts settled and includes amounts 
yet to be billed to customers. The Companies collect sales, con-
sumption and consumer utility taxes; however, these amounts are 
excluded from revenue. Dominion Energy’s customer receivables 
at December 31, 2024 and 2023 included $797 million and 
$1.0 billion, respectively, of accrued unbilled revenue based on 
estimated amounts of electricity and natural gas delivered but not 
yet billed to its utility customers. The balances presented within 
assets held for sale were $284 million at December 31, 2023. 
Virginia Power’s customer receivables at December 31, 2024 and 
2023 included $611 million and $550 million, respectively, of 
accrued unbilled revenue based on estimated amounts of elec-
tricity delivered but not yet billed to its customers. See Note 25 
for amounts attributable to related parties. 
The primary types of sales and service activities reported as 
operating revenue for Dominion Energy are as follows: 
REVENUE FROM CONTRACTS WITH CUSTOMERS 
• 
Regulated electric sales consist primarily of state-regulated 
retail electric sales, and federally-regulated wholesale electric 
sales and electric transmission services; 
• 
Nonregulated electric sales consist primarily of sales of elec-
tricity at market-based rates and contracted fixed rates and 
associated hedging activity as well as sales to Virginia Power 
customers from non-jurisdictional solar generation facilities; 
• 
Regulated gas sales consist primarily of state-regulated natural 
gas sales and related distribution services; 
• 
Regulated gas transportation and storage sales consist of 
state-regulated sales of gathering services (through August 
2022) and sales of transportation services to off-system cus-
tomers; 
• 
Other regulated revenue consists primarily of miscellaneous 
service revenue from electric and gas distribution operations 
and sales of excess electric capacity and other commodities; 
and 
• 
Other nonregulated revenue consists primarily of sales of 
other miscellaneous products. Other nonregulated revenue 
also includes service concession arrangements (through 
86 

December 2022) and revenue associated with services pro-
vided to entities presented in discontinued operations under 
transition services agreements. 
OTHER REVENUE 
• 
Other revenue consists primarily of alternative revenue pro-
grams, gains and losses from derivative instruments not sub-
ject to hedge accounting and lease revenues. 
The primary types of sales and service activities reported as operat-
ing revenue for Virginia Power are as follows: 
REVENUE FROM CONTRACTS WITH CUSTOMERS 
• 
Regulated electric sales consist primarily of state-regulated 
retail electric sales and federally-regulated wholesale electric 
sales and electric transmission services; 
• 
Nonregulated electric sales consists of sales to customers from 
non-jurisdictional solar generation facilities; 
• 
Other regulated revenue consists primarily of sales of excess 
capacity and other commodities and miscellaneous service 
revenue from electric distribution operations; and 
• 
Other nonregulated revenue consists primarily of revenue 
from renting space on certain electric transmission poles and 
distribution towers and service concession arrangements 
(through October 2022). 
OTHER REVENUE 
• 
Other revenue consists primarily of alternative revenue pro-
grams, gains and losses from derivative instruments not sub-
ject to hedge accounting and lease revenues. 
The Companies record refunds to customers as required by state 
commissions as a reduction to regulated electric sales or regulated 
gas sales, as applicable. The Companies’ revenue accounted for 
under the alternative revenue program guidance primarily consists 
of the equity return for under-recovery of certain riders. Alter-
native revenue programs compensate the Companies for certain 
projects and initiatives. Revenues arising from these programs are 
presented separately from revenue arising from contracts with 
customers in the categories above. 
Revenues from electric and gas sales are recognized over time, 
as the customers of the Companies consume gas and electricity as 
it is delivered. Fixed fees are recognized ratably over the life of the 
contract as the stand-ready performance obligation is satisfied, 
while variable usage fees are recognized when Dominion Energy 
has a right to consideration from a customer in an amount that 
corresponds directly with the value to the customer of the per-
formance obligation completed to date. Sales of products and 
services typically transfer control and are recognized as revenue 
upon delivery of the product or service. The customer is able to 
direct the use of, and obtain substantially all of the benefits from, 
the product at the time the product is delivered. The contract 
with the customer states the final terms of the sale, including the 
description, quantity and price of each product or service pur-
chased. Payment for most sales and services varies by contract 
type but is typically due within a month of billing. 
REVENUE INCLUDED IN DISCONTINUED OPERATIONS 
Operating revenue for the gas distribution operations sold to 
Enbridge as part of the East Ohio, PSNC and Questar Gas 
Transactions primarily consists of state-regulated natural gas sales 
to residential, commercial and industrial customers and related 
distribution services, state regulated gas distribution charges to 
retail distribution service customers opting for alternate suppliers 
and sales of commodities related to nonregulated extraction 
activities. 
Transportation and storage contracts associated with the oper-
ations sold to Enbridge as part of the East Ohio, PSNC and 
Questar Gas Transactions are primarily stand-ready service con-
tracts that include fixed reservation and variable usage fees. Sub-
stantially all of the revenue associated with these local gas 
distribution companies is derived from performance obligations 
satisfied over time and month-to-month billings according to 
their respective tariffs. 
Credit Risk 
Credit risk is the risk of financial loss if counterparties fail to 
perform their contractual obligations. In order to minimize over-
all credit risk, credit policies are maintained, including the evalua-
tion of counterparty financial condition, collateral requirements 
and the use of standardized agreements that facilitate the netting 
of cash flows associated with a single counterparty. In addition, 
counterparties may make available collateral, including letters of 
credit or cash held as margin deposits, as a result of exceeding 
agreed-upon credit limits, or may be required to prepay the trans-
action. 
The Companies maintain a provision for credit losses based 
on factors surrounding the credit risk of their customers, histor-
ical trends and other information. Expected credit losses are esti-
mated and recorded based on historical experience, current 
conditions and reasonable and supportable forecasts that affect the 
collectability of financial assets held at amortized cost as well as 
expected credit losses on commitments with respect to financial 
guarantees. 
Electric Fuel, Purchased Energy and Purchased 
Gas-Deferred Costs 
Where permitted by regulatory authorities, the differences 
between the Companies’ actual electric fuel and purchased energy 
expenses and Dominion Energy’s purchased gas expenses and the 
related levels of recovery for these expenses in current rates are 
deferred and matched against recoveries in future periods. The 
deferral of costs in excess of current period fuel rate recovery is 
recognized as a regulatory asset, while rate recovery in excess of 
current period fuel expenses is recognized as a regulatory liability. 
Of the cost of fuel used in electric generation and energy 
purchases to serve Virginia utility customers, at December 31, 
2024, approximately 87% is subject to Virginia Power’s deferred 
fuel accounting, while substantially all of the remaining amount is 
subject to recovery through similar mechanisms. Additionally in 
2024, Virginia Power securitized $1.3 billion of under-recovered 
deferred fuel expenses through the issuance of bonds by VPFS. Of 
the cost of fuel used in electric generation and energy purchases to 
serve South Carolina utility customers, at December 31, 2024, 
substantially all is subject to DESC’s deferred fuel accounting. 
87 

Combined Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements, Continued 
Virtually all of DESC’s natural gas purchases are either subject 
to deferral accounting or are recovered from the customer in the 
same accounting period as the sale. Through the respective clos-
ing dates of the East Ohio, Questar Gas and PSNC Transactions, 
these companies’ natural gas purchases were also either subject to 
deferral accounting or were recovered from the customer in the 
same accounting period as the sale. 
Dominion Energy earned certain cost saving sharing 
incentives under the Wexpro Agreements to the extent that the 
cost of gas supplied to Questar Gas was a certain amount lower 
than third-party market rates. In 2023 and 2022, Dominion 
Energy recorded $4 million and $27 million, respectively, for 
such incentives, reflected in discontinued operations in Dominion 
Energy’s Consolidated Statements of Income, with no such 
incentives recorded in 2024. 
Income Taxes 
A consolidated federal income tax return is filed for Dominion 
Energy and its subsidiaries, including Virginia Power. In addi-
tion, where applicable, combined income tax returns for Domin-
ion Energy and its subsidiaries are filed in various states; 
otherwise, separate state income tax returns are filed. 
Virginia Power participates in intercompany tax sharing agree-
ments with Dominion Energy and its subsidiaries. Current 
income taxes are based on taxable income or loss and credits 
determined on a separate company basis. 
Under the agreements, if a subsidiary incurs a tax loss or earns 
a credit, recognition of current income tax benefits is limited to 
refunds of prior year taxes obtained by the carryback of the net 
operating loss or credit or to the extent the tax loss or credit is 
absorbed by the taxable income of other Dominion Energy con-
solidated group members. Otherwise, the net operating loss or 
credit is carried forward and is recognized as a deferred tax asset 
until realized. 
Accounting for income taxes involves an asset and liability 
approach. Deferred income tax assets and liabilities are provided, 
representing future effects on income taxes for temporary differ-
ences between the bases of assets and liabilities for financial 
reporting and tax purposes. Accordingly, deferred taxes are recog-
nized for the future consequences of different treatments used for 
the reporting of transactions in financial accounting and income 
tax returns. The Companies establish a valuation allowance when 
it is more-likely-than-not that all, or a portion, of a deferred tax 
asset will not be realized. Where the treatment of temporary 
differences is different for rate regulated operations, a regulatory 
asset is recognized if it is probable that future revenues will be 
provided for the payment of deferred tax liabilities. 
The Companies recognize positions taken, or expected to be 
taken, in income tax returns that are more-likely-than-not to be 
realized, assuming that the position will be examined by tax 
authorities with full knowledge of all relevant information. 
If it is not more-likely-than-not that a tax position, or some 
portion thereof, will be sustained, the related tax benefits are not 
recognized in the financial statements. Unrecognized tax benefits 
may result in an increase in income taxes payable, a reduction of 
income tax refunds receivable or changes in deferred taxes. Also, 
when uncertainty about the deductibility of an amount is limited 
to the timing of such deductibility, the increase in income taxes 
payable (or reduction in tax refunds receivable) is accompanied by 
a decrease in deferred tax liabilities. Except when such amounts 
are presented net with amounts receivable from or amounts pre-
paid to tax authorities, noncurrent income taxes payable related to 
unrecognized tax benefits are classified in other deferred credits 
and other liabilities on the Consolidated Balance Sheets and cur-
rent payables are included in accrued interest, payroll, and taxes 
on the Consolidated Balance Sheets. 
The Companies recognize interest on underpayments and 
overpayments of income taxes in interest expense and other 
income, respectively. Penalties are also recognized in other 
income. 
At December 31, 2024, Virginia Power had an income 
tax-related affiliated receivable of $26 million, comprised of 
$21 million of federal income taxes and $5 million of state 
income taxes receivable from Dominion Energy. Virginia Power’s 
net affiliated balances are expected to be received from Dominion 
Energy in 2025. 
At December 31, 2023, Virginia Power had an income 
tax-related affiliated receivable of $40 million, comprised of 
$45 million of federal income taxes receivable from, and 
$5 million of state income taxes payable to, Dominion Energy. 
Virginia Power’s net affiliated balances were received from 
Dominion Energy in 2024. 
Investment tax credits for both regulated and nonregulated 
operations are deferred and amortized to income tax expense over 
the service lives of the properties giving rise to the credits begin-
ning in the year qualifying property is placed in service. The 
Companies recognize the tax benefit related to initial book and 
tax basis differences as a reduction of income tax expense in the 
year in which the qualifying property is placed into service, except 
where cost-of-service rate regulation applies. Production tax cred-
its are recognized as energy is generated and sold. The IRA allows 
the election of either the investment tax credit or production tax 
credit for certain technologies including solar and wind. Such 
election is made on a project-by-project basis and the choice of 
credit may vary based on a combination of factors including, but 
not limited to, capital expenditures and net capacity factors. 
Cash, Restricted Cash and Equivalents 
Cash, restricted cash and equivalents include cash on hand, cash 
in banks and temporary investments purchased with an original 
maturity of three months or less. 
Current banking arrangements generally do not require 
checks to be funded until they are presented for payment. The 
following table illustrates the checks outstanding but not yet pre-
sented for payment and recorded in accounts payable for the 
Companies: 
At December 31, 
2024 
2023 
(millions) 
Dominion Energy(1) 
$52 
$54 
Virginia Power 
23 
44 
(1) In addition, at December 31, 2023, Dominion Energy had $19 million 
of checks outstanding but not yet presented for payment included in 
liabilities held for sale. 
RESTRICTED CASH AND EQUIVALENTS 
The Companies hold restricted cash and equivalent balances that 
primarily consist of amounts held for litigation settlements, 
88 

customer deposits, federal assistance funds and future debt pay-
ments on DECP Holdings’ term loan agreement (through 
September 2023), on Eagle Solar’s senior note agreement 
(through February 2024) and on the securitization bonds. 
The following table provides a reconciliation of the total cash, 
restricted cash and equivalents reported within the Companies’ 
Consolidated Balance Sheets to the corresponding amounts 
reported within the Companies’ Consolidated Statements of Cash 
Flows for the years ended December 31, 2024, 2023 and 2022: 
Cash, Restricted Cash and Equivalents at End/Beginning of Year 
December 31, 
2024 
December 31, 
2023 
December 31, 
2022 
December 31, 
2021 
(millions) 
Dominion Energy 
Cash and cash 
equivalents(1) 
$310 
$217 
$153 
$283 
Restricted cash and 
equivalents(2)(3) 
55 
84 
188 
125 
Cash, restricted 
cash and 
equivalents 
shown in the 
Consolidated 
Statements of 
Cash Flows 
$365 
$301 
$341 
$408 
Virginia Power 
Cash and cash 
equivalents 
$160 
$ 90 
$ 22 
$ 26 
Restricted cash and 
equivalents(3)(4) 
46 
— 
2 
— 
Cash, restricted 
cash and 
equivalents 
shown in the 
Consolidated 
Statements of 
Cash Flows 
$206 
$ 90 
$ 24 
$ 26 
(1) At December 31, 2023, 2022 and 2021, Dominion Energy had 
$33 million, $34 million and $49 million, respectively, of cash and cash 
equivalents included in assets held for sale. 
(2) At December 31, 2023, 2022 and 2021, Dominion Energy had 
$4 million, $2 million and $3 million, respectively, of restricted cash 
and equivalents included in assets held for sale with the remaining 
balances presented within other current assets in Dominion Energy’s 
Consolidated Balance Sheets. 
(3) Includes $41 million at VPFS attributable to VIEs at December 31, 
2024. 
(4) Restricted cash and equivalents balances are presented within other cur-
rent assets in Virginia Power’s Consolidated Balance Sheets. 
SUPPLEMENTAL CASH FLOW INFORMATION 
The following table provides supplemental disclosure of cash flow 
information related to Dominion Energy: 
Year Ended December 31, 
2024 
2023 
2022 
(millions) 
Cash paid during the year for: 
Interest and related charges, excluding 
capitalized amounts 
$1,900 
$1,991 
$1,408 
Income taxes 
840 
286 
139 
Significant noncash investing and 
financing activities:(1)(2) 
Accrued capital expenditures 
1,268 
1,085 
979 
Leases(3) 
233 
255 
144 
(1) See Note 9 for noncash investing activities related to the acquisition of a 
noncontrolling interest in Dominion Privatization. 
(2) See Notes 3, 10, 19, 20 and 23 for noncash financing activities related 
to debt assumed with closing of the East Ohio, Questar Gas and PSNC 
Transactions, the sale of noncontrolling interest in the CVOW Commer-
cial Project, remarketing of the Series A Preferred Stock and the issuance 
of common stock and transfer of property associated with the settlement of 
litigation. 
(3) Includes $93 million of finance leases and $140 million of operating 
leases entered in 2024, $44 million of finance leases and $211 million 
of operating leases entered in 2023 and $34 million of finance leases and 
$110 million of operating leases entered in 2022. 
The following table provides supplemental disclosure of cash flow 
information related to Virginia Power: 
Year Ended December 31, 
2024 
2023 
2022 
(millions) 
Cash paid (received) during the year for: 
Interest and related charges, excluding 
capitalized amounts 
$786 
$709 
$599 
Income taxes 
25 
(47) 
(54) 
Significant noncash investing activities(1): 
Accrued capital expenditures 
992 
807 
665 
Leases(2) 
201 
203 
116 
(1) See Note 10 for noncash financing activities related to the sale of non-
controlling interest in the CVOW Commercial Project. 
(2) Includes $77 million of finance leases and $124 million of operating 
leases entered in 2024, $30 million of finance leases and $173 million 
of operating leases entered in 2023 and $26 million of finance leases and 
$90 million of operating leases entered in 2022. 
Distributions from Equity Method Investees 
Dominion Energy holds investments that are accounted for under 
the equity method of accounting and classifies distributions from 
equity method investees as either cash flows from operating activ-
ities or cash flows from investing activities in the Consolidated 
Statements of Cash Flows according to the nature of the dis-
tribution. Distributions received are classified on the basis of the 
nature of the activity of the investee that generated the dis-
tribution as either a return on investment (classified as cash flows 
from operating activities) or a return of an investment (classified 
as cash flows from investing activities) when such information is 
available to Dominion Energy. 
Fair Value Measurements 
Fair value is defined as the price that would be received to sell an 
asset or paid to transfer a liability (exit price) in an orderly trans-
action between market participants at the measurement date. 
However, the use of a mid-market pricing convention (the mid-
point between bid and ask prices) is permitted. Fair values are 
based on assumptions that market participants would use when 
pricing an asset or liability, including assumptions about risk and 
the risks inherent in valuation techniques and the inputs to valu-
ations. This includes not only the credit standing of counter-
parties involved and the impact of credit enhancements but also 
the impact of the Companies’ own nonperformance risk on their 
liabilities. Fair value measurements assume that the transaction 
occurs in the principal market for the asset or liability (the market 
with the most volume and activity for the asset or liability from 
the perspective of the reporting entity), or in the absence of a 
principal market, the most advantageous market for the asset or 
liability (the market in which the reporting entity would be able 
to maximize the amount received or minimize the amount paid). 
89 

Combined Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements, Continued 
Dominion Energy applies fair value measurements to certain 
assets and liabilities including commodity, interest rate and/or 
foreign currency exchange rate derivative instruments and other 
investments including those held in nuclear decommissioning, 
rabbi and pension and other postretirement benefit plan trusts, in 
accordance with the requirements discussed above. Virginia 
Power applies fair value measurements to certain assets and 
liabilities including commodity, interest rate and/or foreign cur-
rency exchange rate derivative instruments and other investments 
including those held in the nuclear decommissioning trust, in 
accordance with the requirements discussed above. The Compa-
nies apply credit adjustments to their derivative fair values in 
accordance with the requirements described above. 
INPUTS AND ASSUMPTIONS 
Fair value is based on actively-quoted market prices, if available. 
In the absence of actively-quoted market prices, price information 
is sought from external sources, including industry publications, 
and to a lesser extent, broker quotes. When evaluating pricing 
information provided by Designated Contract Market settlement 
pricing, other pricing services or brokers, the Companies consider 
the ability to transact at the quoted price, i.e. if the quotes are 
based on an active market or an inactive market and to the extent 
which pricing models are used, if pricing is not readily available. 
If pricing information from external sources is not available, or if 
the Companies believe that observable pricing is not indicative of 
fair value, judgment is required to develop the estimates of fair 
value. In those cases the unobservable inputs are developed and 
substantiated using historical information, available market data, 
third-party data and statistical analysis. Periodically, inputs to 
valuation models are reviewed and revised as needed, based on 
historical information, updated market data, market liquidity and 
relationships and changes in third-party sources. 
For options and contracts with option-like characteristics 
where observable pricing information is not available from 
external sources, the Companies generally use a model that 
considers time value, the volatility of the underlying commodities 
and other relevant assumptions when estimating fair value. For 
contracts with unique characteristics, the Companies may esti-
mate fair value using a discounted cash flow approach deemed 
appropriate in the circumstances and applied consistently from 
period to period. For individual contracts, the use of different 
valuation models or assumptions could have a significant effect on 
the contract’s estimated fair value. 
The inputs and assumptions used in measuring fair value 
include the following: 
Derivative Contracts 
Inputs and assumptions 
Commodity 
Interest Rate 
Foreign Currency 
Exchange Rate 
Investments 
Forward commodity 
prices 
X 
 
Transaction prices 
X 
 
Price volatility 
X 
 
Price correlation 
X 
 
Volumes 
X 
 
Commodity location 
X 
 
Interest rate curves 
 
X 
 
 
Foreign currency 
forward exchange 
rates 
X 
Quoted securities 
prices and indices 
X 
Securities trading 
information 
including volume 
and restrictions 
X 
Maturity 
X 
Interest rates 
X 
 
X 
X 
Credit quality of 
counterparties and 
the Companies 
X 
X 
X 
X 
Credit 
enhancements 
X 
X 
 
 
Notional value 
 
X 
X 
Time value 
X 
X 
X 
LEVELS 
The Companies also utilize the following fair value hierarchy, 
which prioritizes the inputs to valuation techniques used to 
measure fair value into three broad levels: 
• 
Level 1—Quoted prices (unadjusted) in active markets for 
identical assets and liabilities that they have the ability to 
access at the measurement date. Instruments categorized in 
Level 1 primarily consist of financial instruments such as cer-
tain exchange-traded derivatives and exchange-listed equities, 
U.S. and international equity securities, mutual funds and 
certain treasury securities and cash and cash equivalents held 
in nuclear decommissioning trust funds for the Companies 
and benefit plan trust funds and rabbi trust funds for Domin-
ion Energy. 
• 
Level 2—Inputs other than quoted prices included within 
Level 1 that are either directly or indirectly observable for the 
asset or liability, including quoted prices for similar assets or 
liabilities in active markets, quoted prices for identical or sim-
ilar assets or liabilities in inactive markets, inputs other than 
quoted prices that are observable for the asset or liability and 
inputs that are derived from observable market data by 
correlation or other means. Instruments categorized in Level 2 
primarily include commodity forwards and swaps, interest 
rate swaps, foreign currency exchange rate instruments and 
certain cash and cash equivalents, corporate debt instruments, 
government securities and other fixed income investments 
held in nuclear decommissioning trust funds for the Compa-
nies and benefit plan trust funds and rabbi trust funds for 
Dominion Energy. 
90 

• 
Level 3—Unobservable inputs for the asset or liability, includ-
ing situations where there is little, if any, market activity for 
the asset or liability. Instruments categorized in Level 3 for the 
Companies consist of long-dated commodity derivatives, 
FTRs, certain natural gas options and other modeled 
commodity derivatives. 
The fair value hierarchy gives the highest priority to quoted prices 
in active markets (Level 1) and the lowest priority to unobservable 
data (Level 3). In some cases, the inputs used to measure fair 
value might fall in different levels of the fair value hierarchy. In 
these cases, the lowest level input that is significant to a fair value 
measurement in its entirety determines the applicable level in the 
fair value hierarchy. Assessing the significance of a particular 
input to the fair value measurement in its entirety requires judg-
ment, considering factors specific to the asset or liability. Alter-
native investments, consisting of investments in partnerships, 
joint ventures and other alternative investments held in nuclear 
decommissioning and benefit plan trust funds, are generally val-
ued using NAV based on the proportionate share of the fair value 
as determined by reference to the most recent audited fair value 
financial statements or fair value statements provided by the 
investment manager adjusted for any significant events occurring 
between the investment manager’s and the Companies’ measure-
ment date. Alternative investments recorded at NAV are not 
classified in the fair value hierarchy. 
Transfers out of Level 3 represent assets and liabilities that 
were previously classified as Level 3 for which the inputs became 
observable for classification in either Level 1 or Level 2. Because 
the activity and liquidity of commodity markets vary substantially 
between regions and time periods, the availability of observable 
inputs for substantially the full term and value of the Companies’ 
over-the-counter derivative contracts is subject to change. 
Derivative Instruments 
The Companies are exposed to the impact of market fluctuations 
in the price of electricity, natural gas and other energy-related 
products they market and purchase, as well as interest rate and 
foreign currency exchange rate risks in their business operations. 
The Companies use derivative instruments such as physical and 
financial forwards, futures, swaps, options, foreign currency 
transactions and FTRs to manage the commodity, interest rate 
and/or foreign currency exchange rate risks of their business oper-
ations. 
Derivative assets and liabilities are presented gross on the 
Companies’ Consolidated Balance Sheets. Derivative contracts 
representing unrealized gain positions and purchased options are 
reported as derivative assets. Derivative contracts representing 
unrealized losses and options sold are reported as derivative 
liabilities. All derivatives, except those for which an exception 
applies, are required to be reported at fair value. One of the 
exceptions to fair value accounting, normal purchases and normal 
sales, may be elected when the contract satisfies certain criteria, 
including a requirement that physical delivery of the underlying 
commodity is probable. Expenses and revenues resulting from 
deliveries under normal purchase contracts and normal sales con-
tracts, respectively, are included in earnings at the time of con-
tract performance. See Fair Value Measurements above for 
additional information about fair value measurements and asso-
ciated valuation methods for derivatives. 
The Companies’ derivative contracts include both over-the-
counter transactions and those that are executed on an exchange 
or other trading platform (exchange contracts) and centrally 
cleared. Over-the-counter contracts are bilateral contracts that are 
transacted directly with a third party. Exchange contracts utilize a 
financial intermediary, exchange or clearinghouse to enter, 
execute or clear the transactions. Certain over-the-counter and 
exchange contracts contain contractual rights of offset through 
master netting arrangements, derivative clearing agreements and 
contract default provisions. In addition, the contracts are subject 
to conditional rights of offset through counterparty non-
performance, insolvency or other conditions. 
In general, most over-the-counter transactions and all 
exchange contracts are subject to collateral requirements. Types of 
collateral for over-the-counter and exchange contracts include 
cash, letters of credit, and in some cases, other forms of security, 
none of which are subject to restrictions. 
The Companies do not offset amounts recognized for the 
right to reclaim cash collateral or the obligation to return cash 
collateral against amounts recognized for derivative instruments 
executed with the same counterparty under the same master net-
ting arrangement. Dominion Energy had margin assets of $104 
million and $38 million associated with cash collateral at 
December 31, 2024 and 2023, respectively. Dominion Energy 
had margin liabilities of $3 million and $15 million associated 
with cash collateral at December 31, 2024 and 2023, respectively. 
Virginia Power had margin assets of $1 million and $35 million 
associated with cash collateral at December 31, 2024 and 2023, 
respectively. Virginia Power had no margin liabilities associated 
with cash collateral at December 31, 2024 or 2023. See Note 7 
for further information about derivatives. 
To manage price and interest rate risk, the Companies hold 
derivative instruments that are not designated as hedges for 
accounting purposes. However, to the extent the Companies do 
not hold offsetting positions for such derivatives, they believe 
these instruments represent economic hedges that mitigate their 
exposure to fluctuations in commodity prices or interest rates. All 
income statement activity, including amounts realized upon 
settlement, is presented in operating revenue, operating expenses, 
interest and related charges or discontinued operations based on 
the nature of the underlying risk. 
Changes in the fair value of derivative instruments result in 
the recognition of regulatory assets or regulatory liabilities for 
jurisdictions subject to cost-based rate regulation. Realized gains 
or losses on the derivative instruments are generally recognized 
when the related transactions impact earnings. 
DERIVATIVE INSTRUMENTS DESIGNATED AS HEDGING 
INSTRUMENTS 
In accordance with accounting guidance pertaining to derivatives 
and hedge accounting, the Companies designate a portion of their 
derivative instruments as cash flow hedges for accounting pur-
poses. For derivative instruments that are accounted for as cash 
flow hedges, the cash flows from the derivatives and from the 
related hedged items are classified in operating cash flows. 
Cash Flow Hedges 
The Companies’ derivatives designated into cash flow hedges 
primarily consist of interest rate swaps to hedge the Companies’ 
91 

Combined Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements, Continued 
exposure to variations in interest rates on long-term debt. For 
transactions in which the Companies are hedging the variability 
of cash flows, changes in the fair value of the derivatives are 
reported in AOCI, to the extent they are effective at offsetting 
changes in the hedged item, or as appropriate to regulatory assets 
or regulatory liabilities. Any derivative gains or losses reported in 
AOCI are reclassified to earnings when the forecasted item is 
included in earnings, or earlier, if it becomes probable that the 
forecasted transaction will not occur. For cash flow hedge trans-
actions, hedge accounting is discontinued if the occurrence of the 
forecasted transaction is no longer probable. 
Property, Plant and Equipment 
Property, plant and equipment is recorded at lower of original 
cost or fair value, if impaired. Capitalized costs include labor, 
materials and other direct and indirect costs such as asset retire-
ment costs, capitalized interest and, for certain operations subject 
to cost-of-service rate regulation, AFUDC and overhead costs. 
The cost of repairs and maintenance, including minor additions 
and replacements, is generally charged to expense as it is incurred. 
Amounts capitalized to property, plant and equipment for 
capitalized interest costs and AFUDC for the Companies are as 
follows: 
Dominion Energy 
Virginia Power 
Year ended December 31, 
2024 
2023 
2022 
2024 
2023 
2022 
(millions) 
Capitalized interest costs 
and AFUDC debt 
$152 
$109 
$43 
$46 
$47 
$27 
AFUDC equity(1) 
109 
50 
41 
96 
39 
39 
(1) The Companies include AFUDC equity in other adjustments within 
operating activities in their Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows. 
Under Virginia law, certain Virginia jurisdictional projects qualify 
for current recovery of AFUDC through rate adjustment clauses. 
AFUDC on these projects is calculated and recorded as a regu-
latory asset and is not capitalized to property, plant and equip-
ment. In 2024, 2023 and 2022, Virginia Power recorded $3 
million, less than $1 million and $34 million of AFUDC related 
to these projects, respectively. 
For property subject to cost-of-service rate regulation, the 
undepreciated cost of such property, less salvage value, is generally 
charged to accumulated depreciation at retirement. Cost of 
removal collections from utility customers are recorded as regu-
latory liabilities. For property subject to cost-of-service rate regu-
lation that will be abandoned significantly before the end of its 
useful life, the net carrying value is reclassified from plant-in-
service when it becomes probable it will be abandoned and 
recorded as a regulatory asset for amounts expected to be collected 
through future rates. 
In 2024, 2023 and 2022, Virginia Power had the following 
charges, recorded in impairment of assets and other charges in its 
Consolidated Statements of Income (reflected in the Corporate 
and Other segment), related to early retirements and abandon-
ments: 
• 
In 2024, Virginia Power recorded charges of $40 million 
($30 million after-tax) associated with dismantling of certain 
electric generation facilities. In addition, Virginia Power 
recorded a $25 million ($18 million after-tax) charge in 2024 
related to the write-off of early-stage development costs asso-
ciated with a hydroelectric pumped storage facility that it is 
no longer considering constructing. 
• 
In 2023, Virginia Power recorded a charge of $25 million 
($19 million after-tax) as a result of the abandonment of long-
lived assets associated with certain rooftop solar and other 
projects before the end of their useful lives. 
• 
In 2022, Virginia Power recorded charges of $167 million 
($124 million after-tax) associated with dismantling of certain 
electric generation facilities. 
For property that is not subject to cost-of-service rate regu-
lation, including nonutility property, cost of removal not asso-
ciated with AROs is charged to expense as incurred. The 
Companies also record gains and losses upon retirement based 
upon the difference between the proceeds received, if any, and the 
property’s net book value at the retirement date. 
Depreciation of property, plant and equipment is computed 
on the straight-line method based on projected service lives. The 
Companies’ average composite depreciation rates on utility prop-
erty, plant and equipment are as follows: 
Year Ended December 31, 
2024 
2023 
2022 
(percent) 
Dominion Energy(1) 
Generation 
2.59 
2.65 
2.71 
Transmission 
2.32 
2.32 
2.32 
Distribution 
2.73 
2.72 
2.80 
General and other 
3.97 
4.20 
4.31 
Virginia Power 
Generation 
2.66 
2.75 
2.84 
Transmission 
2.29 
2.29 
2.29 
Distribution 
2.77 
2.78 
2.76 
General and other 
4.29 
4.60 
4.78 
(1) Excludes rates for depreciation reported as discontinued operations. 
In January 2022, Dominion Energy revised the estimated useful 
life of its non-jurisdictional and certain nonregulated solar gen-
eration facilities to 35 years. This revision resulted in an annual 
decrease of depreciation expense of $16 million ($12 million 
after-tax), including $6 million ($4 million after-tax) at Virginia 
Power, and increased Dominion Energy’s EPS by approximately 
$0.02. 
In the first quarter of 2022, Virginia Power revised the depre-
ciation rates for its assets to reflect the results of a new deprecia-
tion study. The change resulted in a decrease in depreciation 
expense in Virginia Power’s Consolidated Statements of Income 
of $60 million ($45 million after-tax) and increased Dominion 
Energy’s EPS by $0.05. 
In December 2023, Dominion Energy revised the estimated 
useful lives for Millstone Units 2 and 3 to reflect lower deprecia-
tion rates as a result of its expectation that a 20-year license 
extension is approved for these facilities. This revision resulted in 
a 2024 annual decrease of depreciation expense of $35 million 
($26 million after-tax) and increased Dominion Energy’s 2024 
EPS by $0.03. For the year ended December 31, 2023, this 
revision resulted in an inconsequential impact. 
In January 2024, Virginia Power revised the depreciation rates 
for Bath County as a result of its expectation that a license 
extension of at least 40 years will be approved for this facility. 
This revision resulted in an annual decrease of depreciation 
92 

expense of $17 million ($13 million after-tax) and increased 
Dominion Energy’s EPS by $0.02. 
Virginia Power’s non-jurisdictional solar generation property, 
plant and equipment is depreciated using the straight-line method 
over an estimated useful life of 35 years. 
Capitalized costs of development wells and leaseholds were 
amortized on a field-by-field basis using the unit-of-production 
method and the estimated proved developed or total proved gas 
and oil reserves, at a rate of $1.83, $1.73 and $1.67 per mcfe in 
2024, 2023 and 2022, respectively. Depletion associated with 
Wexpro’s operations is reflected within discontinued operations 
through May 2024. See Note 3 for additional information. 
Dominion Energy’s nonutility property, plant and equipment 
is depreciated using the straight-line method over the following 
estimated useful lives: 
Asset
Estimated
Lives
Useful
(1) 
Nonregulated generation-nuclear 
54-64 years 
Nonregulated generation-other 
30-35 years 
General and other 
5-50 years 
(1) The estimated useful life for a generation station is made on a unit basis 
if the facility has multiple generating units and represents the period the 
unit was placed in service or acquired until the end of its license or esti-
mated service period. 
Nuclear fuel used in electric generation is amortized over its 
estimated service life on a units-of-production basis. The 
Companies report the amortization of nuclear fuel in electric fuel 
and other energy-related purchases expense in their Consolidated 
Statements of Income and in depreciation and amortization in 
their Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows. 
Long-Lived and Intangible Assets 
The Companies perform an evaluation for impairment whenever 
events or changes in circumstances indicate that the carrying 
amount of long-lived assets or intangible assets with finite lives 
may not be recoverable. A long-lived or intangible asset is written 
down to fair value if the sum of its expected future undiscounted 
cash flows is less than its carrying amount. Intangible assets with 
finite lives are amortized over their estimated useful lives. See 
Note 6 for further discussion on the impairment of long-lived 
assets. 
Accounting for Regulated Operations 
The accounting for the Companies’ regulated electric and gas 
operations differs from the accounting for nonregulated oper-
ations in that the Companies are required to reflect the effect of 
rate regulation in their Consolidated Financial Statements. For 
regulated businesses subject to federal or state cost-of-service rate 
regulation, regulatory practices that assign costs to accounting 
periods may differ from accounting methods generally applied by 
nonregulated companies. When it is probable that regulators will 
permit the recovery of current costs through future rates charged 
to customers, these costs that otherwise would be expensed by 
nonregulated companies are deferred as regulatory assets. Like-
wise, regulatory liabilities are recognized when it is probable that 
regulators will require customer refunds or other benefits through 
future rates or when revenue is collected from customers for 
expenditures that have yet to be incurred. In addition, a loss is 
recognized if it becomes probable that capital expenditures will be 
disallowed for ratemaking purposes and if a reasonable estimate of 
the amount of the disallowance can be made. 
In the fourth quarter of 2024, the Companies recorded a net 
$103 million ($77 million after-tax) charge for Virginia Power’s 
share of costs not expected to be recovered from customers on the 
CVOW Commercial Project as a result of a revised total project 
cost estimate of approximately $10.7 billion, excluding financing 
costs, that reflects a revised estimate of network upgrade costs 
assigned by PJM to the CVOW Commercial Project and cost 
sharing mechanism included in the Virginia Commission’s 
December 2022 order. The expected total project cost reflects 
increases driven primarily by projections for onshore electrical 
interconnection costs and network upgrade costs assigned to the 
project by PJM, specifically incorporating consideration of PJM’s 
December 2024 publication of potential transmission network 
upgrades required for certain generation projects and related cost 
allocations, including those attributable to the CVOW Commer-
cial Project. Relative to Virginia Power’s November 2024 Rider 
OSW filing, the updated estimated total project cost reflects an 
approximately $0.6 billion increase for such onshore and network 
upgrade costs and an approximately $0.3 billion increase for 
increased contingency for remaining construction activities, 
completion of the removal of unexploded ordnance, undersea 
cable protection system design enhancements, commodity prices 
for transportation fuel, updates for sea fastener fabrication and 
installation and other construction and equipment supplier costs. 
The estimated total project cost reflects the Companies’ best 
estimate of the remaining construction costs, including con-
tingency of approximately 5% on such remaining amounts. Such 
estimate could potentially change for items, certain of which are 
beyond the Companies’ control, including but not limited to 
actual network upgrade costs allocated by PJM, fuel for trans-
portation and installation, the impact of applicable tariffs, if any, 
costs to maintain necessary permits, approvals and authorizations, 
ability of key suppliers and contractors to timely satisfy their obli-
gations under existing contracts, marine wildlife and/or any severe 
weather events. Any additional increase in such costs in excess of 
the contingency included in the estimated total project cost would 
be subject to the cost sharing mechanisms described above and 
could have a material impact on the Companies’ future financial 
condition, results of operations and/or cash flows. See Note 10 for 
additional information. 
The Companies evaluate whether or not recovery of their 
regulatory assets through future rates is probable as well as 
whether a regulatory liability due to customers is probable and 
make various assumptions in their analyses. These analyses are 
generally based on: 
• 
Orders issued by regulatory commissions, legislation and judi-
cial actions; 
• 
Past experience; 
• 
Discussions with applicable regulatory authorities and legal 
counsel; 
• 
Estimated construction costs; 
• 
Forecasted earnings; and 
• 
Considerations around the likelihood of impacts from events 
such as unusual weather conditions, extreme weather events 
and other natural disasters and unplanned outages of facilities. 
93 

Combined Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements, Continued 
Generally, regulatory assets and liabilities are amortized into 
income over the period authorized by the regulator. If recovery of 
a regulatory asset is determined to be less than probable, it will be 
written off in the period such assessment is made. A regulatory 
liability, if considered probable, will be recorded in the period 
such assessment is made or reversed into earnings if no longer 
probable. In connection with the future 2025 Biennial Review, 
the Companies concluded that it was not probable that Virginia 
Power would have earnings in excess of an expected authorized 
ROE of 9.70% for the period January 1, 2023 through 
December 31, 2024. As a result, no regulatory liability for 
Virginia Power ratepayer credits to customers has been recorded 
at December 31, 2024. See Note 13 for additional information. 
Leases 
The Companies lease certain assets including vehicles, real estate, 
office equipment and other operational assets under both operat-
ing and finance leases. For the Companies’ operating leases, rent 
expense is recognized on a straight-line basis over the term of the 
lease agreement, subject to regulatory framework. Rent expense 
associated with operating leases, short-term leases and variable 
leases is primarily recorded in other operations and maintenance 
expense in the Companies’ Consolidated Statements of Income. 
Rent expense associated with finance leases results in the separate 
presentation of interest expense on the lease liability and amor-
tization expense of the related right-of-use asset in the Compa-
nies’ Consolidated Statements of Income or, subject to regulatory 
framework, is deferred within regulatory assets in the Con-
solidated Balance Sheets and amortized into the Consolidated 
Statements of Income. 
Certain of the Companies’ leases include one or more options 
to renew, with renewal terms that can extend the lease from one 
to 70 years. The exercise of renewal options is solely at the 
Companies’ discretion and is included in the lease term if the 
option is reasonably certain to be exercised. A right-of-use asset 
and corresponding lease liability for leases with original lease 
terms of one year or less are not included in the Consolidated 
Balance Sheets, unless such leases contain renewal options that the 
Companies are reasonably certain will be exercised. Additionally, 
certain of the Companies’ leases contain escalation clauses 
whereby payments are adjusted for consumer price or other 
indices or contain fixed dollar or percentage increases. The 
Companies also have leases with variable payments based upon 
usage of, or revenues associated with, the leased assets. 
The determination of the discount rate utilized has a sig-
nificant impact on the calculation of the present value of the lease 
liability included in the Companies’ Consolidated Balance Sheets. 
For the Companies’ fleet of leased vehicles, the discount rate is 
equal to the prevailing borrowing rate earned by the lessor. For 
the Companies’ remaining leased assets, the discount rate implicit 
in the lease is generally unable to be determined from a lessee 
perspective. As such, the Companies use internally-developed 
incremental borrowing rates as a discount rate in the calculation 
of the present value of the lease liability. The incremental borrow-
ing rates are determined based on an analysis of the Companies’ 
publicly available unsecured borrowing rates, adjusted for a 
collateral discount, over various lengths of time that most closely 
correspond to the Companies’ lease maturities. 
In addition, Dominion Energy acts as lessor under certain 
power purchase agreements in which the counterparty or 
counterparties purchase substantially all of the output of certain 
solar facilities. These leases are considered operating in nature. 
For such leasing arrangements, rental revenue and an associated 
accounts receivable are recorded when the monthly output of the 
solar facility is determined. Depreciation on these solar facilities is 
computed on a straight-line basis primarily over an estimated 
useful life of 35 years. 
Asset Retirement Obligations 
The Companies recognize AROs at fair value as incurred or when 
sufficient information becomes available to determine a reason-
able estimate of the fair value of future retirement activities to be 
performed, for which a legal obligation exists. These amounts are 
generally capitalized as costs of the related tangible long-lived 
assets. Since relevant market information is not available, fair 
value is estimated using discounted cash flow analyses. Quarterly, 
the Companies assess their AROs to determine if circumstances 
indicate that estimates of the amounts or timing of future cash 
flows associated with retirement activities have changed. AROs 
are adjusted when significant changes in the amounts or timing of 
future cash flows are identified. Dominion Energy reports accre-
tion of AROs and depreciation on asset retirement costs asso-
ciated with its natural gas pipelines of its distribution business as 
an adjustment to the related regulatory assets or liabilities when 
revenue is recoverable from customers for AROs. The Companies 
report accretion of AROs and depreciation on asset retirement 
costs associated with decommissioning its nuclear power stations 
as an adjustment to the regulatory asset or liability for certain 
jurisdictions. Additionally, the Companies report accretion of 
AROs and depreciation on asset retirement costs associated with 
certain rider and prospective rider projects and other electric 
generation and distribution facilities as an adjustment to the regu-
latory asset for certain jurisdictions. Accretion of all other AROs 
and depreciation of all other asset retirement costs are reported in 
other operations and maintenance expense and depreciation 
expense, respectively, in the Consolidated Statements of Income. 
Debt Issuance Costs 
The Companies defer and amortize debt issuance costs and debt 
premiums or discounts over the expected lives of the respective 
debt issues, considering maturity dates and, if applicable, 
redemption rights held by others. Deferred debt issuance costs are 
recorded as a reduction in long-term debt in the Consolidated 
Balance Sheets. Amortization of the issuance costs is reported as 
interest expense. Unamortized costs associated with redemptions 
of debt securities prior to stated maturity dates are generally 
recognized and recorded in interest expense immediately. As 
permitted by regulatory authorities, gains or losses resulting from 
the refinancing or redemption of debt allocable to utility oper-
ations subject to cost-based rate regulation are deferred and amor-
tized. 
Investments 
DEBT SECURITIES 
Dominion Energy accounts for and classifies investments in debt 
securities as trading or available-for-sale securities. Virginia Power 
94 

classifies investments in debt securities as available-for-sale secu-
rities. 
• 
Debt securities classified as trading securities include securities 
held by Dominion Energy in rabbi trusts associated with cer-
tain deferred compensation plans. These securities are 
reported in other investments in the Consolidated Balance 
Sheets at fair value with net realized and unrealized gains and 
losses included in other income in the Consolidated State-
ments of Income.  
• 
Debt securities classified as available-for-sale securities include 
all other debt securities, primarily comprised of securities held 
in the nuclear decommissioning trusts. These investments are 
reported at fair value in nuclear decommissioning trust funds 
in the Consolidated Balance Sheets. Net realized and unreal-
ized gains and losses (including any credit-related impair-
ments) on investments held in nuclear decommissioning 
trusts are deferred to a regulatory asset or liability, as appli-
cable, for certain jurisdictions subject to cost-based regulation. 
For all other available-for-sale debt securities, including those 
held in Dominion Energy’s nonregulated generation nuclear 
decommissioning trusts, net realized gains and losses 
(including any credit-related impairments) are included in 
other income and unrealized gains and losses are reported as a 
component of AOCI, after-tax. 
In determining realized gains and losses for debt securities, the 
cost basis of the security is based on the specific identification 
method. 
Credit Impairment 
The Companies periodically review their available-for-sale debt 
securities to determine whether a decline in fair value should be 
considered credit related. If a decline in the fair value of any 
available-for-sale debt security is determined to be credit related, 
the credit-related impairment is recorded to an allowance 
included in nuclear decommissioning trust funds in the Compa-
nies’ Consolidated Balance Sheets at the end of the reporting 
period, with such allowance for credit losses subject to reversal in 
subsequent evaluations. 
Using information obtained from their nuclear decommission-
ing trust fixed-income investment managers, the Companies 
record in earnings, or defer as applicable for certain jurisdictions 
subject to cost-based regulation, any unrealized loss for a debt 
security when the manager intends to sell the debt security or it is 
more-likely-than-not that the manager will have to sell the debt 
security before recovery of its fair value up to its cost basis. If that 
is not the case, but the debt security is deemed to have experi-
enced a credit loss, the Companies record the credit loss in earn-
ings or defer as applicable for certain jurisdictions subject to cost-
based regulation, with the remaining non-credit portion of the 
unrealized loss recorded in AOCI. Credit losses are evaluated 
primarily by considering the credit ratings of the issuer, prior 
instances of non-performance by the issuer and other factors. 
EQUITY SECURITIES WITH READILY DETERMINABLE FAIR 
VALUES 
Equity securities with readily determinable fair values include 
securities held by Dominion Energy in rabbi trusts associated 
with certain deferred compensation plans and securities held by 
the Companies in the nuclear decommissioning trusts. The 
Companies record all equity securities with a readily determinable 
fair value, or for which they are permitted to estimate fair value 
using NAV (or its equivalent), at fair value in nuclear decom-
missioning trust funds and other investments in the Consolidated 
Balance Sheets. Net realized and unrealized gains and losses on 
equity securities held in the nuclear decommissioning trusts are 
deferred to a regulatory asset or liability, as applicable, for certain 
jurisdictions subject to cost-based regulation. For all other equity 
securities, including those held in Dominion Energy’s non-
regulated generation nuclear decommissioning trusts and rabbi 
trusts, net realized and unrealized gains and losses are included in 
other income in the Consolidated Statements of Income. 
EQUITY SECURITIES WITHOUT READILY DETERMINABLE 
FAIR VALUES 
The Companies account for illiquid and privately held securities 
without readily determinable fair values under either the equity 
method or cost method. Equity securities without readily 
determinable fair values include: 
• 
Equity method investments when the Companies have the abil-
ity to exercise significant influence, but not control, over the 
investee. Dominion Energy’s investments are included in 
investments in equity method affiliates in its Consolidated 
Balance Sheets, except for the liability to Atlantic Coast Pipe-
line or where such investments are classified as held for sale. 
Dominion Energy records equity method adjustments in 
other income in its Consolidated Statements of Income, 
including its proportionate share of investee income or loss, 
gains or losses resulting from investee capital transactions, 
amortization of certain differences between the carrying value 
and the equity in the net assets of the investee at the date of 
investment and other adjustments required by the equity 
method. 
• 
Cost method investments when the Companies do not have the 
ability to exercise significant influence over the investee. The 
Companies’ investments are included in other investments 
and nuclear decommissioning trust funds. Cost method 
investments are reported at cost less impairment, if any, plus 
or minus changes resulting from observable price changes in 
orderly transactions for identical or similar investments of the 
same issuer. 
Other-Than-Temporary Impairment 
The Companies periodically review their equity method invest-
ments to determine whether a decline in fair value should be 
considered other-than-temporary. If a decline in the fair value of 
any security is determined to be other-than-temporary, the 
investment is written down to its fair value at the end of the 
reporting period. 
Inventories 
Materials and supplies and fossil fuel inventories are valued pri-
marily using the weighted-average cost method. Stored gas 
inventory is valued using the weighted-average cost method, 
except for East Ohio’s gas distribution operations, which were 
valued using the LIFO method and reflected in assets held for sale 
in Dominion Energy’s Consolidated Balance Sheet as of 
December 31, 2023. Under the LIFO method, current stored gas 
95 

Combined Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements, Continued 
inventory was valued at $18 million at December 31, 2023. Based 
on the average price of gas purchased during 2023, the cost of 
replacing the current portion of stored gas inventory exceeded the 
amount stated on a LIFO basis by $42 million. 
In 2024, Dominion Energy wrote off certain inventory balan-
ces in connection with the electric base rate case in South Caro-
lina as discussed in Note 13. In 2022, Dominion Energy wrote 
off certain inventory balances associated with certain non-
renewable electric generation facilities resulting in a $40 million 
charge ($30 million after-tax) recorded in impairment of assets 
and other charges (reflected in the Corporate and Other segment) 
in its Consolidated Statements of Income, including $19 million 
($14 million after-tax) at Virginia Power, for inventory not uti-
lized at such facilities prior to their retirement in the first half of 
2023. 
Goodwill 
Dominion Energy evaluates goodwill for impairment annually as 
of April 1 and whenever an event occurs or circumstances change 
in the interim that would more-likely-than-not reduce the fair 
value of a reporting unit below its carrying amount. In the fourth 
quarter of 2023 and first quarter of 2024, Dominion Energy’s 
current period calculations of the expected gain or loss on the 
Questar Gas and East Ohio Transactions resulted in an impair-
ment of the related goodwill. There were no other impairments 
recorded in 2024. See Note 3 for additional information. 
New Accounting Standards 
SEGMENT DISCLOSURES 
In November 2023, the FASB issued revised accounting guidance 
for reportable segments. The revised guidance requires disclosure 
of significant segment expenses and other segment items on an 
annual and interim basis and to provide in interim periods all 
disclosures about a reportable segment’s profit or loss and assets 
that are currently required annually. Additionally, it requires dis-
closure of the title and position of the CODM. The revised guid-
ance does not change how an entity identifies its operating 
segments, aggregates them or applies the quantitative thresholds 
to determine its reportable segments. The new standard is effec-
tive for fiscal years beginning after December 15, 2023, and 
interim periods within fiscal years beginning after December 15, 
2024, with early adoption permitted and requires retrospective 
application to all prior periods presented. This revised guidance 
only impacted the Companies’ disclosures with no impacts to 
their results of operations, cash flows or financial condition. 
INCOME TAX DISCLOSURES 
In December 2023, the FASB issued revised accounting guidance 
for income taxes. The revised guidance requires disclosure of dis-
aggregated information about an entity’s effective tax rate reconci-
liation as well as additional information on income taxes paid. 
The new standard is effective for fiscal years beginning after 
December 15, 2024, with early adoption permitted and allows 
either prospective or retrospective application. The Companies 
expect this revised guidance to only impact their disclosures with 
no impacts to their results of operations, cash flows or financial 
condition. 
CLIMATE-RELATED DISCLOSURES 
In March 2024, the SEC issued guidance for climate-related dis-
closures. The guidance requires disclosure of the financial state-
ment impacts of severe weather events and other natural 
conditions, including amounts capitalized or expensed as well as 
any associated recoveries. In addition, the guidance requires dis-
closure of amounts related to renewable energy credits or carbon 
offsets if utilized as a material component of plans to achieve 
climate-related targets or goals. This guidance is currently subject 
to a stay issued by the SEC. Should this guidance become effec-
tive, the Companies expect it to only impact their disclosures with 
no impacts to their results of operations, cash flows or financial 
condition. 
EXPENSE DISAGGREGATION DISCLOSURES 
In November 2024, the FASB issued revised accounting guidance 
for income statement expense disaggregation disclosures. The 
revised guidance requires disclosure of disaggregated information 
about specific expense categories in commonly presented income 
statement expense captions. The new standard is effective for fis-
cal years beginning after December 15, 2026, and interim periods 
within fiscal years beginning after December 15, 2027, with early 
adoption permitted and allows either prospective or retrospective 
application. The Companies expect this revised guidance to only 
impact their disclosures with no impacts to their results of oper-
ations, cash flows or financial condition. 
NOTE 3. ACQUISITIONS AND DISPOSITIONS 
Business Review Dispositions 
SALE OF EAST OHIO 
In September 2023, Dominion Energy entered into an agreement 
with Enbridge for the East Ohio Transaction, which included the 
sale of East Ohio and was valued at approximately $6.6 billion, 
consisting of a purchase price of approximately $4.3 billion in 
cash and approximately $2.3 billion of assumed indebtedness. 
The sale closed in March 2024 after all customary closing and 
regulatory conditions were satisfied, including clearance or appro-
val under or by the Hart-Scott-Rodino Act, CFIUS and FCC. 
Dominion Energy utilized the after-tax proceeds, as required, to 
repay outstanding borrowings under 364-day term loan facilities. 
See Note 17 for additional information. The purchase price was 
subject to customary post-closing adjustments, including adjust-
ments for cash, indebtedness, net working capital, capital 
expenditures and net regulatory assets and liabilities. The trans-
action was structured as a stock sale for tax purposes. In October 
2023, as required under the sale agreement, Dominion Energy 
filed a notice with the Ohio Commission. The internal 
reorganization in connection with the East Ohio Transaction was 
subject to approval by the Utah and Wyoming Commissions. 
Dominion Energy filed for such approvals in September 2023 
which were received in November 2023. The internal reorganiza-
tion was completed in February 2024. 
Dominion Energy retained the pension and other postretire-
ment benefit plan assets and obligations, including related income 
tax and other deferred balances, associated with retiree partic-
ipants in both East Ohio’s union pension and other postretire-
96 

ment benefit plans and retiree participants of the sale entities in 
the Dominion Energy Pension Plan and the Dominion Energy 
Retiree Health and Welfare Plan. Dominion Energy recognized a 
pre-tax loss of $97 million ($109 million after-tax loss) upon the 
closing of the transaction, including the write-off of $1.5 billion 
of goodwill which was not deductible for tax purposes and includ-
ing the effects of final closing adjustments. In 2023, Dominion 
Energy recorded a charge of $29 million to reflect the recognition 
of deferred taxes on the outside basis of East Ohio’s stock upon 
meeting the classification as held for sale. These deferred taxes 
reversed in the first quarter of 2024 upon closing of the sale and 
became a component of current income tax expense on the loss 
on sale disclosed above. See Note 5 for additional information. 
At the closing of the East Ohio Transaction, Dominion 
Energy and Enbridge entered into a transition services agreement 
pursuant to which Dominion Energy will continue to provide 
certain services to support the ongoing operations of East Ohio 
for up to approximately two years. Enbridge has also agreed to 
provide certain services to Dominion Energy. 
SALE OF PSNC 
In September 2023, Dominion Energy entered into an agreement 
with Enbridge for the PSNC Transaction, which included the sale 
of PSNC. The sale closed in September 2024 after all customary 
closing and regulatory conditions were satisfied, including clear-
ance or approval under or by the Hart-Scott-Rodino Act, CFIUS, 
FCC and North Carolina Commission. At closing, the trans-
action was valued at $3.3 billion, consisting of a purchase price of 
$2.0 billion in cash and $1.3 billion of assumed indebtedness. 
The purchase price is subject to customary post-closing adjust-
ments, including adjustments for cash, indebtedness, net working 
capital, capital expenditures and net regulatory assets and 
liabilities. The transaction was structured as a stock sale for tax 
purposes. The internal reorganization in connection with the 
PSNC Transaction was subject to approval by the North Carolina 
Commission. Dominion Energy filed for such approval in Sep-
tember 2023 which was received in November 2023. The internal 
reorganization was completed in December 2023. 
Dominion Energy retained the entirety of the assets and obli-
gations, including related income tax and other deferred balances, 
of the pension and other postretirement employee benefit plans 
associated with the operations included in the transaction and 
relating to services provided through closing. Dominion Energy 
recognized a pre-tax loss of $35 million ($31 million after-tax 
loss) upon the closing of the transaction, including the write-off 
of $0.7 billion of goodwill which is not deductible for tax pur-
poses and including the effects of final closing adjustments. In 
2023, Dominion Energy recorded a charge of $334 million to 
reflect the deferred taxes on the outside basis of PSNC’s stock 
upon meeting the classification as held for sale. Dominion Energy 
recorded an additional charge of $16 million to adjust these 
deferred taxes to recorded balances as of June 30, 2024. These 
deferred taxes reversed in the third quarter of 2024 upon closing 
of the sale and became a component of current income tax 
expense on the pre-tax loss on sale disclosed above. See Note 5 for 
additional information. 
At the closing of the PSNC Transaction, Dominion Energy 
and Enbridge entered into a transition services agreement pur-
suant to which Dominion Energy will continue to provide certain 
services to support the ongoing operations of PSNC for up to 
approximately two years. Enbridge has also agreed to provide 
certain services to Dominion Energy. 
SALE OF QUESTAR GAS AND WEXPRO 
In September 2023, Dominion Energy entered into an agreement 
with Enbridge for the Questar Gas Transaction, which included 
the sale of Questar Gas, Wexpro and related affiliates and was 
valued at approximately $4.3 billion, consisting of a purchase 
price of approximately $3.0 billion in cash and approximately 
$1.3 billion of assumed indebtedness. The sale closed in May 
2024 after all customary closing and regulatory conditions were 
satisfied, including clearance or approval under or by the Hart-
Scott-Rodino Act, CFIUS, FCC and Utah and Wyoming Com-
missions. Dominion Energy utilized the after-tax proceeds, as 
required, to repay outstanding borrowings under a 364-day term 
loan facility. See Note 17 for additional information. The pur-
chase price was subject to customary post-closing adjustments, 
including adjustments for cash, indebtedness, net working capital, 
capital expenditures and net regulatory assets and liabilities. The 
transaction was structured as a stock sale for tax purposes. In 
October 2023, as required under the sale agreement, Dominion 
Energy filed the notice with the Idaho Commission. The internal 
reorganization in connection with the Questar Gas Transaction 
was subject to approval by the Utah and Wyoming Commissions. 
Dominion Energy filed for such approvals in September 2023 
which were received in November 2023. The internal reorganiza-
tion was completed in February 2024. 
Dominion Energy retained the pension and other postretire-
ment benefit plan assets and obligations, including related income 
tax and other deferred balances, associated with retiree partic-
ipants of the sale entities in the Dominion Energy Pension Plan 
and the Dominion Energy Retiree Health and Welfare Plan. 
Dominion Energy recognized a pre-tax gain of $2 million 
($42 million after-tax gain) upon the closing of the transaction, 
including the write-off of $0.7 billion of goodwill which was not 
deductible for tax purposes and including the effects of final clos-
ing adjustments. In 2023, Dominion Energy recorded a charge of 
$236 million ($231 million after-tax), including amounts asso-
ciated with an impairment of goodwill. Based on the recorded 
balances at March 31, 2024, Dominion Energy recorded an addi-
tional charge of $78 million ($78 million after-tax), including 
amounts associated with an impairment of goodwill, in the first 
quarter of 2024. Following the internal reorganization noted 
above and upon closing of the East Ohio Transaction, Dominion 
Energy recorded a tax benefit of $5 million. In 2023, Dominion 
Energy recorded a charge of $472 million to reflect the deferred 
taxes on the outside basis of Questar Gas, Wexpro and related 
affiliates’ stock upon meeting the classification as held for sale. 
These deferred taxes reversed in the first quarter of 2024 and 
became a component of current income tax expense. In addition, 
Dominion Energy recorded an incremental deferred tax benefit of 
$10 million to reflect the deferred taxes on the outside basis of 
Questar Gas, Wexpro and related affiliates’ stock in the first quar-
ter of 2024. These deferred taxes reversed in the second quarter of 
2024 upon closing of the sale and became a component of current 
income tax expense on the pre-tax loss on sale disclosed above. 
See Note 5 for additional information. 
97 

Combined Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements, Continued 
At the closing of the Questar Gas Transaction, Dominion 
Energy and Enbridge entered into a transition services agreement 
pursuant to which Dominion Energy will continue to provide 
certain services to support the ongoing operations of Questar Gas 
and Wexpro for up to approximately two years. Enbridge has also 
agreed to provide certain services to Dominion Energy. 
OTHER SALES 
In February 2024, Dominion Energy entered into an agreement 
with AES to sell Birdseye and the Madison solar project for 
approximately $17 million in cash, subject to customary closing 
adjustments, which closed in April 2024. Dominion Energy had 
previously recognized a charge of $68 million ($51 million after-
tax) in the fourth quarter of 2023 to adjust the assets down to 
their realizable fair value. As a result, the gain on the sale recog-
nized by Dominion Energy in the second quarter of 2024, includ-
ing the effects of final closing adjustments, was inconsequential. 
In August 2023, Dominion Energy entered into an agreement 
and completed the sale of Tredegar Solar Fund I, LLC to Spruce 
Power for cash consideration of $21 million. 
FINANCIAL STATEMENT INFORMATION FOR BUSINESS REVIEW DISPOSITIONS 
The following table represents selected information regarding the results of operations, which were reported within discontinued oper-
ations in Dominion Energy’s Consolidated Statements of Income: 
Year Ended December 31, 2024 
East Ohio 
Transaction(1) 
PSNC 
Transaction(1) 
Questar Gas 
Transaction(1)  
Other 
(millions) 
 
 
Operating revenue 
$229 
$488 
$894 
$— 
Operating expense(2) 
247 
313 
724 
(8) 
Other income (expense) 
(17) 
11 
2 
— 
Interest and related charges 
15 
44 
25 
— 
Income (loss) before income taxes 
(50) 
142 
147 
8 
Income tax expense 
11 
44 
54 
— 
Net income (loss) attributable to Dominion Energy(3) 
$ (61) 
$ 98 
$ 93 
$ 8 
(1) Represents amounts attributable to Dominion Energy prior to the closing of the East Ohio Transaction which closed on March 6, 2024, the PSNC Trans-
action which closed on September 30, 2024 and the Questar Gas Transaction which closed on May 31, 2024. 
(2) East Ohio Transaction includes a charge of $45 million ($33 million after-tax) associated with an increase to certain pension retirement benefits attributable 
to a plan amendment and a contribution to the defined contribution employee savings plan. See Note 22 for further information on these transactions. 
(3) Excludes $(69) million of income tax expense (benefit) attributable to consolidated state tax adjustments for the year ended December 31, 2024. 
Year Ended December 31, 2023 
East Ohio 
Transaction 
PSNC 
Transaction 
Questar Gas 
Transaction 
Other 
(millions) 
 
 
Operating revenue 
$1,037 
$ 743 
$1,679 
$ 15 
Operating expense(1) 
701 
517 
1,554 
111 
Other income (expense) 
30 
11 
8 
— 
Interest and related charges 
71 
52 
68 
1 
Income (loss) before income taxes 
295 
185 
65 
(97) 
Income tax expense(2) 
69 
431 
531 
(38) 
Net income (loss) attributable to Dominion Energy(3) 
$ 226 
$(246) 
$ (466) 
$ (59) 
(1) East Ohio Transaction includes a charge of $50 million ($45 million after-tax) primarily for an impairment of associated goodwill, Questar Gas Trans-
action includes a charge of $236 million ($231 million after-tax) primarily for an impairment of associated goodwill and Other includes a charge of $68 
million ($51 million after-tax) associated with the impairment of nonregulated solar generation facility development operations and a charge of $15 million 
($11 million after-tax) associated with the impairment of certain nonregulated solar assets. 
(2) Includes amounts to reflect the recognition of deferred taxes on the outside basis of the applicable entities’ stock upon meeting the classification as held for sale. 
(3) Excludes $(3) million of income tax expense (benefit) attributable to consolidated state tax adjustments for the year ended December 31, 2023. 
Year Ended December 31, 2022 
East Ohio 
Transaction 
PSNC 
Transaction 
Questar Gas 
Transaction 
Other 
(millions) 
 
 
Operating revenue 
$1,043 
$841 
$1,341 
$ 11 
Operating expense(1) 
702 
648 
1,043 
118 
Other income (expense) 
28 
9 
37 
— 
Interest and related charges 
36 
43 
45 
— 
Income (loss) before income taxes 
333 
159 
290 
(107) 
Income tax expense 
45 
34 
60 
(28) 
Net income (loss) attributable to Dominion Energy(2) 
$ 288 
$125 
$ 230 
$ (79) 
(1) Other includes a charge of $103 million ($76 million after-tax) associated with the impairment of a nonregulated solar generation asset. 
(2) Excludes $(4) million of income tax expense (benefit) attributable to consolidated state tax adjustments for the year ended December 31, 2022. 
98 

The carrying value of major classes of assets and liabilities relating to the disposal groups, which are reported as held for sale in Domin-
ion Energy’s Consolidated Balance Sheet were as follows: 
At December 31, 2023 
East Ohio 
Transaction 
PSNC 
Transaction 
Questar Gas 
Transaction 
Other 
(millions) 
 
 
Current assets(1) 
$ 497 
$ 336 
$ 764 
$ 1 
Property, plant and equipment, net 
5,443 
2,806 
4,369 
26 
Other deferred charges and other assets, 
including goodwill(2) and intangible assets 
2,659 
834 
814 
— 
Current liabilities(3)(4) 
560 
224 
389 
7 
Long-term debt(5) 
2,286 
948 
1,205 
— 
Other deferred credits and liabilities(6) 
1,437 
711 
1,116 
2 
(1) Includes cash and cash equivalents of $4 million, $2 million and $26 million within the East Ohio, PSNC and Questar Gas Transactions, respectively. Also 
includes regulatory assets of $75 million, $89 million and $297 million within the East Ohio, PSNC and Questar Gas Transactions, respectively. 
(2) Includes goodwill of $1.5 billion, $673 million and $768 million within the East Ohio, PSNC and Questar Gas Transactions, respectively. Also includes 
regulatory assets of $781 million, $86 million and $(39) million within the East Ohio, PSNC and Questar Gas Transactions, respectively. 
(3) Includes regulatory liabilities of $54 million, $44 million and $55 million within the East Ohio, PSNC and Questar Gas Transactions, respectively. 
(4) Questar Gas Transaction includes $40 million of 2.98% unsecured senior notes at December 31, 2023, which were scheduled to mature in December 2024. 
(5) Includes East Ohio Unsecured Senior Notes due 2025 to 2052 at rates from 1.30% to 6.38% and with a weighted-average coupon rate for debt outstanding 
at December 31, 2023 of 3.13%; PSNC Unsecured Senior Notes due 2026 to 2053 at rates from 3.10% to 7.45% and with a weighted-average coupon 
rate for debt outstanding at December 31, 2023 of 4.67%; and Questar Gas Unsecured Senior Notes due 2024 to 2052 at rates from 2.21% to 7.20% and 
with a weighted-average coupon rate for debt outstanding at December 31, 2023 of 3.99%; in the East Ohio, PSNC and Questar Gas Transactions, 
respectively. 
(6) Includes regulatory liabilities of $711 million, $435 million and $502 million within the East Ohio, PSNC and Questar Gas Transactions, respectively. 
Capital expenditures and significant noncash items relating to the disposal groups included the following: 
Year Ended December 31, 2024 
East Ohio 
Transaction(1) 
PSNC 
Transaction(1) 
Questar Gas 
Transaction(1)  
Other 
(millions) 
 
 
Capital expenditures 
$65 
$287 
$160 
$— 
Significant noncash item 
Depreciation, depletion and amortization 
— 
— 
— 
— 
(1) Represents amounts attributable to Dominion Energy prior to the closing of the East Ohio Transaction which closed on March 6, 2024, the PSNC Trans-
action which closed on September 30, 2024 and the Questar Gas Transaction which closed on May 31, 2024. 
Year Ended December 31, 2023 
East Ohio 
Transaction 
PSNC 
Transaction 
Questar Gas 
Transaction 
Other 
(millions) 
 
 
Capital expenditures 
$507 
$233 
$449 
$— 
Significant noncash items 
 
 
Depreciation, depletion and amortization 
148 
90 
175 
2 
Accrued capital expenditures 
42 
43 
32 
— 
Year Ended December 31, 2022 
East Ohio 
Transaction 
PSNC 
Transaction 
Questar Gas 
Transaction 
Other 
(millions) 
 
 
Capital expenditures 
$456 
$153 
$438 
$— 
Significant noncash items 
 
 
Depreciation, depletion and amortization 
134 
87 
163 
4 
Accrued capital expenditures 
53 
16 
31 
— 
Sale of Hope 
In February 2022, Dominion Energy entered into an agreement 
to sell 100% of the equity interests in Hope to Ullico for $690 
million of cash consideration, subject to customary closing 
adjustments, which closed in August 2022 after all customary 
closing and regulatory conditions were satisfied, including clear-
ance under the Hart-Scott-Rodino Act and approval from the 
West Virginia Commission. The sale was treated as a stock sale 
for tax purposes. 
In connection with closing, Dominion Energy recognized a 
pre-tax gain of $28 million, inclusive of customary closing 
adjustments, (net of $110 million write-off of goodwill which was 
not deductible for tax purposes) in losses (gains) on sales of assets 
in its Consolidated Statements of Income. The transaction 
resulted in an after-tax loss of $73 million. Upon meeting the 
classification as held for sale in the first quarter of 2022 and 
through the second quarter of 2022, Dominion Energy had 
recorded charges of $90 million in deferred income tax expense in 
its Consolidated Statements of Income to reflect the recognition 
of deferred taxes on the outside basis of Hope’s stock. This 
deferred income tax expense reversed upon closing of the sale and 
became a component of current income tax expense on the sale 
99 

Combined Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements, Continued 
disclosed above. See Note 5 for additional information. In addi-
tion, a curtailment was recorded related to other postretirement 
benefit plans as discussed in Note 22. 
All activity related to Hope is reflected in the Corporate and 
Other segment. 
Sale of Kewaunee 
In May 2021, Dominion Energy entered into an agreement to sell 
100% of the equity interests in Dominion Energy Kewaunee, Inc. 
to EnergySolutions, including the transfer of all decommissioning 
obligations associated with Kewaunee, which ceased operations in 
2013. The sale closed in June 2022 following approval from the 
Wisconsin Commission in May 2022 and NRC approval of a 
requested license transfer in March 2022. The sale was treated as 
an asset sale for tax purposes and Dominion Energy retained the 
assets and obligations of the pension and other postretirement 
employee benefit plans. EnergySolutions is subject to the Wiscon-
sin regulatory conditions agreed to by Dominion Energy upon its 
acquisition of Kewaunee, including the return of any excess 
decommissioning funds to WPSC and WP&L customers follow-
ing completion of all decommissioning activities. 
In the second quarter of 2022, Dominion Energy recorded a 
loss of $649 million ($513 million after-tax), recorded in losses 
(gains) on sales of assets in its Consolidated Statements of 
Income, primarily related to the difference between the nuclear 
decommissioning trust and AROs. Prior to its receipt, there had 
been uncertainty as to the timing of or ability to obtain approval 
from the Wisconsin Commission. Prior to closing, Dominion 
Energy withdrew $80 million from the nuclear decommissioning 
trust to recover certain spent nuclear fuel and other permitted 
costs. 
All activity related to Kewaunee prior to closing is included in 
Contracted Energy, with remaining activity reflected in the 
Corporate and Other segment. 
NOTE 4. OPERATING REVENUE 
The Companies’ operating revenue consists of the following: 
Dominion Energy 
Virginia Power 
Year Ended December 31, 
2024 
2023 
2022 
2024 
2023 
2022 
(millions) 
 
 
Regulated electric sales: 
Residential 
$ 5,436 
$ 5,141 
$ 5,261 
$ 4,133 
$3,863 
$4,039 
Commercial(1) 
4,679 
4,556 
4,480 
3,786 
3,632 
3,647 
Industrial 
845 
887 
901 
429 
440 
472 
Government and other retail 
1,081 
1,036 
1,235 
1,015 
965 
1,172 
Wholesale 
136 
176 
234 
105 
116 
132 
Nonregulated electric sales 
933 
758 
1,249 
86 
65 
68 
Regulated gas sales: 
Residential 
309 
293 
331 
Commercial 
136 
145 
188 
Other 
67 
79 
168 
Regulated gas transportation and storage 
21 
18 
38 
Other regulated revenues 
372 
253 
296 
359 
238 
277 
Other nonregulated revenues(2)(3)(4) 
167 
145 
171 
46 
53 
61 
Total operating revenue from contracts with customers 
14,182 
13,487 
14,552 
9,959 
9,372 
9,868 
Other revenues(2)(5) 
277 
906 
(614) 
276 
201 
(214) 
Total operating revenue 
$14,459 
$14,393 
$13,938 
$10,235 
$9,573 
$9,654 
(1) Includes large scale users including certain data center customers. 
(2) See Note 25 for amounts attributable to affiliates. 
(3) Includes sales of renewable energy credits of $31 million, $44 million and $42 million for the years ended December 31, 2024, 2023 and 2022, respectively, 
at Dominion Energy and $12 million, $29 million and $18 million for the years ended December 31, 2024, 2023 and 2022, respectively, at Virginia 
Power. 
(4) Includes revenue from transition services agreements of $61 million, $18 million and $28 million for the years ended December 31, 2024, 2023 and 2022, 
respectively, at Dominion Energy. 
(5) Includes alternative revenue of $129 million, $162 million and $72 million at both Dominion Energy and Virginia Power for years ended December 31, 
2024, 2023 and 2022, respectively. 
Neither Dominion Energy nor Virginia Power have any amounts for revenue to be recognized in the future on multi-year contracts in 
place at December 31, 2024. 
Contract liabilities represent an entity’s obligation to transfer goods or services to a customer for which the entity has received consid-
eration, or the amount that is due, from the customer. At December 31, 2024 and 2023, Dominion Energy’s contract liability balances 
were $52 million and $47 million, respectively. At December 31, 2024 and 2023, Virginia Power’s contract liability balances were $46 
million and $40 million, respectively. The Companies’ contract liabilities are recorded in other current liabilities and other deferred credits 
and other liabilities in the Consolidated Balance Sheets. 
The Companies recognize revenue as they fulfill their obligations to provide service to their customers. During the years ended 
December 31, 2024 and 2023, Dominion Energy recognized revenue of $45 million and $48 million from the beginning contract liability 
balance. During the years ended December 31, 2024 and 2023, Virginia Power recognized revenue of $40 million and $39 million, 
respectively, from the beginning contract liability balance. 
100 

NOTE 5. INCOME TAXES 
Judgment and the use of estimates are required in developing the 
provision for income taxes and reporting of tax-related assets and 
liabilities. The interpretation of tax laws and associated regu-
lations involves uncertainty, since tax authorities may interpret 
the laws differently. The Companies are routinely audited by 
federal and state tax authorities. Ultimate resolution of income 
tax matters may result in favorable or unfavorable impacts to net 
income and cash flows, and adjustments to tax-related assets and 
liabilities could be material. 
In August 2022, the IRA was enacted which, among other 
things, extends the investment and production tax credits for 
clean energy technologies until at least 2032, provides for trans-
ferability of certain tax credits and imposes a 15% alternative 
minimum tax on corporations with GAAP net income greater 
than $1 billion, as adjusted for certain items, for tax years begin-
ning after December 31, 2022. The IRA did not impact the 
measurement of the Companies’ deferred income taxes or change 
the Companies’ assessment of the realizability of deferred tax 
assets. The Companies continue to monitor and evaluate the 
impacts of the IRA, including changes in the Companies’ inter-
pretations, if any, as guidance is issued and finalized. 
As indicated in Note 2, certain of the Companies’ operations, 
including accounting for income taxes, are subject to regulatory 
accounting treatment. For regulated operations, many of the 
changes in deferred taxes from the 2017 Tax Reform Act repre-
sent amounts probable of collection from or return to customers 
and are presented as components of regulatory assets or liabilities. 
See Note 13 for additional information and current year 
developments. 
Continuing Operations 
Details of income tax expense for continuing operations including noncontrolling interests were as follows: 
Dominion Energy 
Virginia Power 
Year Ended December 31, 
2024 
2023 
2022 
2024 
2023 
2022 
(millions) 
Current: 
Federal 
$(235) 
$ (385) 
$ (76) 
$ (23) 
$(116) 
$ 17 
State 
32 
(99) 
27 
67 
6 
(17) 
Total current expense (benefit) 
(203) 
(484) 
(49) 
44 
(110) 
— 
Deferred: 
Federal 
Taxes before operating loss carryforwards and investment tax credits 
446 
758 
55 
325 
406 
215 
Tax utilization expense of operating loss carryforwards 
40 
45 
35 
— 
— 
— 
State 
60 
277 
59 
60 
107 
108 
Total deferred expense 
546 
1,080 
149 
385 
513 
323 
Investment tax credits 
(35) 
(28) 
(41) 
(21) 
(14) 
(29) 
Total income tax expense 
$ 308 
$ 568 
$ 59 
$408 
$ 389 
$294 
In 2024, Dominion Energy’s current income taxes reflect a benefit from continuing operations as the income tax expense associated 
with the East Ohio, PSNC and Questar Gas Transactions, is reflected in discontinued operations. Dominion Energy’s income tax expense 
from continuing operations reflects the utilization of tax credit carryforwards to offset a portion of the federal tax on the gains from the 
East Ohio, PSNC and Questar Gas Transactions, presented in discontinued operations. 
In 2023, Dominion Energy’s current income taxes reflect a benefit from continuing operations as the income tax expense associated 
with the East Ohio, PSNC and Questar Gas Transactions and Cove Point operations, including the Cove Point gain, is reflected in dis-
continued operations. Dominion Energy’s income tax expense from continuing operations reflects the utilization of investment tax credit 
carryforwards to offset a portion of the federal tax on the Cove Point gain, presented in discontinued operations. 
In 2022, Dominion Energy’s current income taxes reflect a benefit from continuing operations as the income tax expense associated 
with the East Ohio, PSNC and Questar Gas Transactions and Cove Point operations is reflected in discontinued operations. 
Discontinued Operations 
Income tax expense reflected in discontinued operations is $31 million, $1.3 billion, and $207 million for the years ended December 31, 
2024, 2023 and 2022, respectively. As discussed in Note 3, Dominion Energy entered into agreements for the East Ohio, PSNC and 
Questar Gas Transactions in September 2023, each of which was treated as a stock sale for income tax purposes. During 2023 in con-
nection with the pending sales, Dominion Energy recorded a charge of $835 million to establish deferred tax liabilities to reflect the excess 
of the financial reporting basis over tax basis in the stock of the entities to be sold. These deferred taxes reversed upon closing of the 
respective sales, all of which occurred in 2024. In addition, Dominion Energy recorded tax expense of $278 million associated with com-
pleting the sale in September 2023 of its remaining 50% noncontrolling partnership interest in Cove Point to BHE as discussed in Note 9. 
During 2024, Dominion Energy recorded a tax benefit of $39 million, including the reversal of $851 million of the deferred tax liabilities 
associated with the East Ohio, PSNC and Questar Gas Transactions previously established during 2023 and 2024. Income taxes reflect tax 
expense on pre-tax income attributable to East Ohio, PSNC, Questar Gas, Wexpro and equity method earnings from Cove Point of 
$60 million, $116 million and $242 million, partially offset by an income tax benefit of $11 million, $59 million and $38 million related 
to excess deferred income tax amortization for the years ended December 31, 2024, 2023 and 2022, respectively. 
101 

Combined Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements, Continued 
Continuing Operations 
For continuing operations including noncontrolling interests, the statutory U.S. federal income tax rate reconciles to the Companies’ effec-
tive income tax rate as follows: 
Dominion Energy 
Virginia Power 
Twelve Months Ended December 31, 
2024 
2023 
2022 
2024 
2023 
2022 
U.S. statutory rate 
21.0% 21.0% 21.0% 21.0% 21.0% 21.0% 
Increases (reductions) resulting from: 
Recognition of taxes—sale of subsidiary stock 
— 
— 
28.0 
Recognition of taxes—privatization intercompany gain 
— 
— 
2.4 
State taxes, net of federal benefit 
3.6 
3.9 
15.9 
4.5 
4.7 
4.6 
Investment tax credits 
(1.6) 
(1.0) 
(12.6) 
(0.9) 
(0.8) 
(2.0) 
Production tax credits 
(4.8) 
(0.6) 
(4.5) 
(4.5) 
(0.8) 
(1.0) 
Reversal of excess deferred income taxes 
(3.1) 
(2.6) 
(25.2) 
(2.0) 
(2.6) 
(3.8) 
State legislative change 
— 
(0.1) 
(0.1) 
— 
— 
— 
Changes in state deferred taxes associated with assets held for sale 
— 
1.1 
0.9 
AFUDC—equity 
(0.8) 
— 
(1.9) 
(0.7) 
— 
(0.4) 
Settlements of uncertain tax positions 
(0.7) 
(0.4) 
— 
— 
— 
— 
Employee stock ownership plan deduction 
(0.3) 
(0.3) 
(2.5) 
Other, net 
0.8 
(0.1) 
(0.9) 
0.6 
(0.4) 
0.1 
Effective tax rate 
14.1% 20.9% 18.1% 18.0% 21.1% 20.9% 
The IRA created a nuclear production tax credit for electricity produced and sold beginning in 2024. Dominion Energy’s and Virginia 
Power’s 2024 effective tax rate includes an $89 million income tax benefit for the estimated net realizable value of the nuclear production 
tax credit. The ultimate nuclear production tax credit realized by the Companies could vary significantly based on pending final U.S. 
Treasury guidance. 
Dominion Energy’s 2023 effective tax rate includes a net income tax expense of $29 million associated with the remeasurement of 
consolidated state deferred taxes as a result of the East Ohio, PSNC and Questar Gas Transactions and sale of Dominion Energy’s 50% 
noncontrolling partnership interest in Cove Point as discussed in Notes 3 and 9, respectively. 
In August 2022, Dominion Energy sold 100% of the equity interests in Hope in a stock sale for income tax purposes. Dominion 
Energy’s 2022 effective tax rate reflects the current income tax expense on the sale of Hope’s stock. Virginia Power transferred its existing 
privatization operations in Virginia to Dominion Energy, and Dominion Energy contributed these assets to Dominion Privatization. As 
the original owner of these privatization assets, Virginia Power is required to recognize the income tax expense on Dominion Energy’s 
transaction with Dominion Privatization. As such, Virginia Power’s 2022 effective tax rate reflects an income tax expense of $34 million 
on this transaction. 
102 

The Companies’ deferred income taxes consist of the following: 
Dominion Energy 
Virginia Power 
At December 31, 
2024 
2023 
2024 
2023 
(millions) 
Deferred income taxes: 
Total deferred income tax assets 
$1,854 
$ 2,150 
$1,082 
$1,281 
Total deferred income tax liabilities 
8,266 
8,771 
5,127 
4,905 
Total net deferred income tax liabilities 
$6,412 
$ 6,621 
$4,045 
$3,624 
Total deferred income taxes: 
Depreciation method and plant basis differences 
$4,878 
$ 4,588 
$3,765 
$3,588 
Excess deferred income taxes 
(790) 
(811) 
(587) 
(600) 
Unrecovered nuclear plant cost 
420 
450 
DESC rate refund 
(49) 
(67) 
Toshiba Settlement 
(133) 
(147) 
Nuclear decommissioning 
1,232 
1,109 
357 
332 
Deferred state income taxes 
1,046 
976 
676 
620 
Federal benefit of deferred state income taxes 
(230) 
(220) 
(142) 
(130) 
Deferred fuel, purchased energy and gas costs 
189 
299 
178 
267 
Pension benefits 
345 
324 
(116) 
(110) 
Other postretirement benefits 
174 
116 
141 
125 
Loss and credit carryforwards 
(680) 
(1,022) 
— 
(309) 
Deferred unamortized investment tax credits 
(250) 
(257) 
(159) 
(164) 
Valuation allowances 
113 
130 
— 
8 
Partnership basis differences 
(30) 
70 
(98) 
— 
Total deferred taxes on stock held for sale 
— 
814 
Other 
177 
269 
30 
(3) 
Total net deferred income tax liabilities 
$6,412 
$ 6,621 
$4,045 
$3,624 
At December 31, 2024, Dominion Energy had the following deductible loss and credit carryforwards: 
Deductible 
Amount 
Deferred 
Tax Asset(1) 
Valuation 
Allowance 
Expiration 
Period 
(millions) 
Federal losses 
$ 391 
$ 82 
$
— 
2037 
Federal production and other credits 
— 
22 
— 
2036-2038 
State losses 
2,245 
115 
(50) 
2025-2043 
State minimum tax credits 
— 
378 
— No expiration 
State investment and other credits 
— 
113 
(63) 
2025-2033 
Total 
$2,636 
$710 
$(113) 
(1) Includes $38 million of unrecognized tax benefits. 
At December 31, 2024, Virginia Power had no deductible loss or credit carryforwards. 
A reconciliation of changes in Dominion Energy’s unrecognized tax benefits follows. Virginia Power does not have any unrecognized 
tax benefits in the periods presented: 
Dominion Energy 
2024 
2023 
2022 
(millions) 
Balance at January 1, 
$110 
$117 
$128 
Prior period positions—increases 
13 
5 
8 
Prior period positions—decreases 
(18) 
(12) 
(8) 
Current period positions—increases 
— 
— 
2 
Settlements with tax authorities 
(13) 
— 
(3) 
Expiration of statutes of limitations 
(14) 
— 
(10) 
Balance at December 31, 
$ 78 
$110 
$117 
103 

Combined Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements, Continued 
Certain unrecognized tax benefits, or portions thereof, if recog-
nized, would affect the effective tax rate. Changes in these 
unrecognized tax benefits may result from remeasurement of 
amounts expected to be realized, settlements with tax authorities 
and expiration of statutes of limitations. For Dominion Energy 
and its subsidiaries, these unrecognized tax benefits were 
$30 million, $52 million and $64 million at December 31, 2024, 
2023 and 2022, respectively. In discontinued operations, these 
unrecognized tax benefits were $32 million, $38 million and 
$33 million at December 31, 2024, 2023 and 2022, respectively. 
For Dominion Energy, the change in these unrecognized tax 
benefits decreased income tax expense by $22 million, $8 million 
and $7 million in 2024, 2023 and 2022, respectively. 
Dominion Energy participates in the IRS Compliance Assur-
ance Process, which provides the opportunity to resolve complex 
tax matters with the IRS before filing its federal income tax 
returns, thus achieving certainty for such tax return filing posi-
tions agreed to by the IRS. The IRS has completed its audit of tax 
years through 2019. The statute of limitations has not yet expired 
for years after 2019. Although Dominion Energy has not received 
a final letter indicating no changes to its taxable income for tax 
years 2023, 2022, 2021 and 2020, no material adjustments are 
expected. The IRS examination of tax year 2024 is ongoing. 
It is reasonably possible that settlement negotiations and 
expiration of statutes of limitations could result in a decrease in 
unrecognized tax benefits in 2025 by up to $38 million for 
Dominion Energy. If such changes were to occur, other than 
revisions of the accrual for interest on tax underpayments and 
overpayments, earnings could increase by up to $30 million for 
Dominion Energy. Otherwise, with regard to 2024 and prior 
years, the Companies cannot estimate the range of reasonably 
possible changes to unrecognized tax benefits that may occur in 
2025. 
For each of the major states in which Dominion Energy oper-
ates or previously operated, the earliest tax year remaining open 
for examination is as follows: 
State 
Earliest Open Tax Year 
Pennsylvania(1) 
2012 
Connecticut 
2021 
Virginia(2) 
2021 
Utah(1) 
2021 
South Carolina 
2021 
(1) Considered a major state for entities presented in discontinued oper-
ations. 
(2) Considered a major state for Virginia Power’s operations. 
The Companies are also obligated to report adjustments result-
ing from IRS settlements to state tax authorities. In addition, if 
Dominion Energy utilizes operating losses or tax credits generated 
in years for which the statute of limitations has expired, such 
amounts are generally subject to examination. 
NOTE 6. FAIR VALUE MEASUREMENTS 
The Companies’ fair value measurements are made in accordance 
with the policies discussed in Note 2. See Note 7 for additional 
information about the Companies’ derivative and hedge account-
ing activities. 
The Companies enter into certain physical and financial 
forwards, futures and options, which are considered Level 3 as 
they have one or more inputs that are not observable and are sig-
nificant to the valuation. The discounted cash flow method is 
used to value Level 3 physical and financial forwards and futures 
contracts. An option model is used to value Level 3 physical 
options. The discounted cash flow model for forwards and futures 
calculates mark-to-market valuations based on forward market 
prices, original transaction prices, volumes, risk-free rate of return 
and credit spreads. The inputs into the option models are the 
forward market prices, implied price volatilities, risk-free rate of 
return, the option expiration dates, the option strike prices, the 
original sales prices and volumes. For Level 3 fair value measure-
ments, certain forward market prices and implied price volatilities 
are considered unobservable. 
104 

The following table presents the Companies’ quantitative information about Level 3 fair value measurements at December 31, 2024. The 
range and weighted-average are presented in dollars for market price inputs and percentages for price volatility. 
Dominion Energy 
Virginia Power 
Valuation Techniques
Unobservable Input
Fair 
Value 
(millions)
Range
Weighted-average(1) 
Fair 
Value 
(millions)
Range
Weighted-average(1) 
Assets 
Physical and financial 
forwards: 
FTRs 
Discounted cash flow Market price (per MWh)(3) 
$ 
38 
(3)-11
4
$38 
(3)- 11 
4 
Electricity 
Discounted cash flow Market price (per MWh)(3) 
248 
31-119
55
Natural gas(2) 
Discounted cash flow 
Market price (per Dth)(3) 
25 
(2)-6
(1)
25 
(2)-6 
 
 
(1) 
 
 
Physical options: 
Natural gas(2) 
Option model Market price (per Dth)(3)(4) 
88 
2-7
4
7 
2-6
4
Price volatility 
11%-73%
48%
11%-65%
49%
Total assets 
$ 399 
$70 
Liabilities 
Physical and financial 
forwards: 
FTRs 
Discounted cash flow Market price (per MWh)(3) 
2 
(6)-6
2
2 
(6)-6
2
Electricity 
Discounted cash flow Market price (per MWh)(3) 
13 
37-122
66
Total liabilities 
$ 
15 
$ 2  
(1) Averages weighted by volume. 
(2) Includes basis. 
(3) Represents market prices beyond defined terms for Levels 1 and 2. 
(4) Represents volatilities unrepresented in published markets. 
Sensitivity of the fair value measurements to changes in the significant unobservable inputs is as follows: 
Significant Unobservable 
Inputs 
Position 
Change to Input 
Impact on Fair 
Value Measurement 
Market price 
Buy 
Increase (decrease) 
Gain (loss) 
Market price 
Sell 
Increase (decrease) 
Loss (gain) 
Price volatility 
Buy 
Increase (decrease) 
Gain (loss) 
Price volatility 
Sell 
Increase (decrease) 
Loss (gain) 
Nonrecurring Fair Value Measurements 
See Note 9 for information regarding nonrecurring fair value 
measurements associated with Dominion Energy’s noncontrolling 
ownership interest in Dominion Privatization. See Note 10 for 
information regarding impairment charges recorded by Domin-
ion Energy associated with corporate office buildings, non-
regulated renewable natural gas facilities and nonregulated solar 
facilities. See Note 22 for information regarding Dominion 
Energy’s pension and other postretirement benefit plan 
remeasurements. 
In 2023, Dominion Energy recorded a charge of $15 million 
($11 million after-tax) presented within discontinued operations 
in its Consolidated Statements of Income to adjust certain non-
regulated solar assets down to their estimated fair value, using a 
market approach, of $22 million. The valuation is considered a 
Level 2 fair value measurement given that it is based on bids 
received. As discussed in Note 3, these assets were sold in August 
2023. 
Recurring Fair Value Measurements 
Fair value measurements are separately disclosed by level within 
the fair value hierarchy with a separate reconciliation of fair value 
measurements categorized as Level 3. Fair value disclosures for 
assets held in the Companies’ pension and other postretirement 
benefit plans are presented in Note 22. 
105 

Combined Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements, Continued 
The following table presents the Companies’ assets and liabilities that are measured at fair value on a recurring basis for each hierarchy 
level, including both current and noncurrent portions: 
Dominion Energy 
Virginia Power 
Level 1 
Level 2 
Level 3 
Total 
Level 1 
Level 2 
Level 3 
Total 
(millions) 
 
    
 
 
December 31, 2024 
 
    
 
 
Assets 
 
    
 
 
Derivatives: 
 
    
 
 
Commodity 
$ 
—  
$ 
95 
$399 
$ 494 
$ 
—  
$ 
45 
$ 70 
$ 115 
Interest rate 
— 
875 
— 
875 
— 
230 
— 
230 
Foreign currency exchange rate 
— 
30 
— 
30 
— 
30 
— 
30 
Investments(1): 
 
 
Equity securities: 
 
 
U.S. 
5,403 
2 
— 
5,405 
2,769 
2 
— 
2,771 
International 
165 
— 
— 
165 
99 
— 
— 
99 
Fixed income: 
 
 
Corporate debt instruments 
— 
518 
— 
518 
— 
294 
— 
294 
Government securities 
138 
1,605 
— 
1,743 
85 
939 
— 
1,024 
Cash equivalents and other 
29 
— 
— 
29 
— 
— 
— 
— 
Total assets 
$5,735 
$3,125 
$399 
$9,259 
$2,953 
$1,540 
$ 70 
$4,563 
Liabilities 
 
 
Derivatives: 
 
 
Commodity 
$ 
—  
$ 108 
$ 15 
$ 123 
$ 
—  
$ 
31 
$
2 
$ 
33 
Interest rate 
— 
197 
— 
197 
— 
— 
— 
— 
Foreign currency exchange rate 
— 
192 
— 
192 
— 
192 
— 
192 
Total liabilities 
$ 
—  
$ 497 
$ 15 
$ 512 
$ 
—  
$ 223 
$
2 
$ 225 
December 31, 2023 
 
 
Assets 
 
 
Derivatives: 
 
 
Commodity 
$ 
—  
$ 325 
$225 
$ 550 
$ 
—  
$ 
96 
$ 21 
$ 117 
Interest rate 
— 
800 
— 
800 
— 
181 
— 
181 
Investments(1): 
 
 
Equity securities: 
 
 
U.S. 
4,527 
— 
— 
4,527 
2,362 
— 
— 
2,362 
Fixed income: 
 
 
Corporate debt instruments 
— 
500 
— 
500 
— 
274 
— 
274 
Government securities 
219 
1,238 
— 
1,457 
129 
687 
— 
816 
Cash equivalents and other 
31 
— 
— 
31 
20 
— 
— 
20 
Total assets 
$4,777 
$2,863 
$225 
$7,865 
$2,511 
$1,238 
$ 21 
$3,770 
Liabilities 
 
 
Derivatives: 
 
 
Commodity 
$ 
—  
$ 160 
$139 
$ 299 
$ 
—  
$ 
95 
$137 
$ 232 
Interest rate 
— 
359 
— 
359 
— 
45 
— 
45 
Foreign currency exchange rate 
— 
39 
— 
39 
— 
39 
— 
39 
Total liabilities 
$ 
—  
$ 558 
$139 
$ 697 
$ 
—  
$ 179 
$137 
$ 316 
(1) Includes investments held in the nuclear decommissioning trusts and rabbi trusts. Excludes $212 million and $457 million of assets at Dominion Energy, 
inclusive of $76 million and $217 million at Virginia Power, at December 31, 2024 and 2023, respectively, measured at fair value using NAV (or its 
equivalent) as a practical expedient which are not required to be categorized in the fair value hierarchy. 
106 

The following table presents the net change in the Companies’ assets and liabilities measured at fair value on a recurring basis and included 
in the Level 3 fair value category: 
Dominion Energy 
Virginia Power 
2024 
2023 
2022 
2024 
2023 
2022 
(millions) 
Beginning balance 
$ 86 
$ 422 
$ 222 
$(116) 
$ 221 
$ 102 
Total realized and unrealized gains (losses): 
Included in earnings: 
Operating revenue 
(6) 
1 
2 
Electric fuel and other energy-related purchases 
(172) 
(273) 
444 
(176) 
(278) 
382 
Purchased gas 
1 
— 
— 
— 
— 
— 
Discontinued operations 
(4) 
(1) 
— 
Included in regulatory assets/liabilities 
297 
(414) 
183 
202 
(349) 
102 
Settlements 
77 
241 
(455) 
137 
255 
(393) 
Purchases 
112 
104 
28 
21 
35 
28 
Transfers out of Level 3 
(7) 
6 
(2) 
Ending balance 
$ 384 
$ 86 
$ 422 
$ 68 
$(116) 
$ 221 
Dominion Energy had a $(5) million loss and a $7 million gain included in earnings in the Level 3 fair value category related to assets/ 
liabilities still held at the reporting date for the years ended December 31, 2024 and 2023, respectively, and had no such activity still held at 
the reporting date for the year ended December 31, 2022. Virginia Power had no unrealized gains and losses included in earnings in the 
Level 3 fair value category relating to assets/liabilities still held at the reporting date for the years ended December 31, 2024, 2023 and 2022. 
Fair Value of Financial Instruments 
Substantially all of the Companies’ financial instruments are recorded at fair value, with the exception of the instruments described below, 
which are reported at historical cost. Estimated fair values have been determined using available market information and valuation 
methodologies considered appropriate by management. The carrying amount of cash, restricted cash and equivalents, customer and other 
receivables, affiliated receivables, short-term debt, affiliated current borrowings, payables to affiliates and accounts payable are representa-
tive of fair value because of the short-term nature of these instruments. For the Companies’ financial instruments that are not recorded at 
fair value, the carrying amounts and estimated fair values are as follows: 
Dominion Energy 
Virginia Power 
Carrying 
Amount 
Estimated 
Fair Value(1) 
Carrying 
Amount 
Estimated 
Fair Value(1) 
(millions) 
December 31, 2024 
Long-term debt(2) 
$34,533 
$32,167 
$19,224 
$17,578 
Securitization bonds(3) 
1,217 
1,218 
1,217 
1,218 
Junior subordinated notes(2) 
3,223 
3,372 
 
 
December 31, 2023 
Long-term debt(2) 
$42,526 
$40,539 
$17,392 
$16,418 
Supplemental credit facility borrowings 
450 
450 
 
 
Junior subordinated notes(2) 
1,388 
1,374 
 
 
(1) Fair value is estimated using market prices, where available, and interest rates currently available for issuance of debt with similar terms and remaining 
maturities. All fair value measurements are classified as Level 2. The carrying amount of debt issuances with short-term maturities and variable rates 
refinanced at current market rates is a reasonable estimate of their fair value. 
(2) Carrying amount includes current portions included in securities due within one year and amounts which represent the unamortized debt issuance costs and 
discount or premium. There were no fair value hedges associated with fixed-rate debt at December 31, 2024 and December 31, 2023. Additionally, Domin-
ion Energy carrying amounts include portions classified as liabilities held for sale at December 31, 2023. 
(3) Carrying amount includes current portions included in securities due within one year. 
NOTE 7. DERIVATIVES AND HEDGE ACCOUNTING ACTIVITIES 
See Note 2 for the Companies’ accounting policies, objectives and strategies for using derivative instruments. See Notes 2 and 6 for further 
information about fair value measurements and associated valuation methods for derivatives. 
Cash collateral is used in the table below to offset derivative assets and liabilities. In February 2022, Dominion Energy entered into 
contracts representing offsetting positions to certain existing exchange contracts with collateral requirements as well as new over-the-
counter transactions that are not subject to collateral requirements. These contracts resulted in positions which limit the risk of increased 
cash collateral requirements. Certain accounts receivable and accounts payable recognized on the Companies’ Consolidated Balance Sheets, 
letters of credit and other forms of securities, as well as certain other long-term debt, all of which are not included in the tables below, are 
subject to offset under master netting or similar arrangements and would reduce the net exposure. See Note 18 for further information 
regarding other long-term debt, in the form of restructured derivatives, subject to offset under master netting or similar agreements. See 
Note 24 for further information regarding credit-related contingent features for the Companies derivative instruments. 
107 

Combined Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements, Continued 
Balance Sheet Presentation 
The tables below present the Companies’ derivative asset and liability balances by type of financial instrument, if the gross amounts recog-
nized in its Consolidated Balance Sheets were netted with derivative instruments and cash collateral received or paid: 
Dominion Energy Gross Amounts Not Offset 
in the Consolidated Balance Sheet 
Virginia Power Gross Amounts Not Offset 
in the Consolidated Balance Sheet 
Gross Assets 
Presented in the 
Consolidated 
Balance Sheet(1) 
Financial 
Instruments 
Cash 
Collateral 
Received 
Net 
Amounts 
Gross Assets 
Presented in 
the Consolidated 
Balance Sheet(1) 
Financial 
Instruments 
Cash 
Collateral 
Received 
Net 
Amounts 
(millions) 
December 31, 2024 
 
 
Commodity contracts: 
 
 
Over-the-counter 
$ 197 
$ 20 
$— 
$177 
$ 95 
$14 
$— 
$ 81 
Exchange 
55 
54 
— 
1 
2 
1 
— 
1 
Interest rate contracts: 
 
 
Over-the-counter 
875 
197 
— 
678 
230 
— 
— 
230 
Foreign currency exchange rate contracts: 
 
 
Over-the-counter 
30 
30 
— 
— 
30 
30 
— 
— 
Total derivatives, subject to a master netting 
or similar arrangement 
$1,157 
$301 
$— 
$856 
$357 
$45 
$— 
$312 
December 31, 2023 
 
 
Commodity contracts: 
 
 
Over-the-counter 
$ 289 
$ 26 
$— 
$263 
$112 
$13 
$— 
$ 99 
Exchange 
118 
33 
15 
70 
4 
3 
— 
1 
Interest rate contracts: 
 
 
Over-the-counter 
800 
191 
— 
609 
181 
11 
— 
170 
Total derivatives, subject to a master netting 
or similar arrangement 
$1,207 
$250 
$15 
$942 
$297 
$27 
$— 
$270 
(1) Excludes derivative assets of $242 million and $143 million at Dominion Energy, and $18 million and $1 million at Virginia Power, at December 31, 
2024 and 2023, respectively, which are not subject to master netting or similar arrangements. 
Dominion Energy Gross Amounts Not Offset 
in the Consolidated Balance Sheet 
Virginia Power Gross Amounts Not Offset 
in the Consolidated Balance Sheet 
Gross Liabilities 
Presented in the 
Consolidated 
Balance Sheet(1) 
Financial 
Instruments 
Cash 
Collateral 
Paid 
Net 
Amounts 
Gross Liabilities 
Presented in the 
Consolidated 
Balance Sheet(1) 
Financial 
Instruments 
Cash 
Collateral 
Paid 
Net 
Amounts 
(millions) 
 
 
 
 
December 31, 2024 
 
 
 
 
Commodity contracts: 
 
 
 
 
Over-the-counter 
$ 42 
$ 20 
$— 
$ 22 
$ 15 
$14 
$— 
$
1 
Exchange 
74 
54 
20 
— 
1 
1 
— 
— 
Interest rate contracts: 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Over-the-counter 
197 
197 
— 
— 
— 
— 
— 
— 
Foreign currency exchange rate contracts: 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Over-the-counter 
192 
30 
— 
162 
192 
30 
— 
162 
Total derivatives, subject to a master netting 
or similar arrangement 
$505 
$301 
$20 
$184 
$208 
$45 
$— 
$163 
December 31, 2023 
 
 
 
 
Commodity contracts: 
 
 
 
 
Over-the-counter 
$266 
$ 26 
$30 
$210 
$153 
$13 
$30 
$110 
Exchange 
33 
33 
— 
— 
3 
3 
— 
— 
Interest rate contracts: 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Over-the-counter 
359 
186 
— 
173 
45 
6 
— 
39 
Foreign currency exchange rate contracts: 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Over-the-counter 
39 
5 
— 
34 
39 
5 
— 
34 
Total derivatives, subject to a master netting 
or similar arrangement 
$697 
$250 
$30 
$417 
$240 
$27 
$30 
$183 
(1) Excludes derivative liabilities of $7 million at Dominion Energy at December 31, 2024, which are not subject to master netting or similar arrangements. 
Dominion Energy did not have any derivative liabilities at December 31, 2023 which were not subject to master netting or similar arrangements. Excludes 
derivative liabilities of $17 million and $76 million at Virginia Power at December 31, 2024 and 2023, respectively, which are not subject to master net-
ting or similar arrangements. 
108 

Volumes 
The following table presents the volume of the Companies’ derivative activity as of December 31, 2024. These volumes are based on open 
derivative positions and represent the combined absolute value of their long and short positions, except in the case of offsetting trans-
actions, for which they represent the absolute value of the net volume of their long and short positions. 
Dominion Energy 
Virginia Power 
Current 
Noncurrent 
Current 
Noncurrent 
Natural Gas (bcf): 
Fixed price(1) 
31 
21 
31 
21 
Basis(2) 
178 
333 
146 
303 
Electricity (MWh in millions): 
Fixed price 
18 
30 
9 
— 
FTRs 
45 
— 
45 
— 
Interest rate(3) (in millions) 
$ 
2,078 
$ 8,735 
$ 
1,077 
$ 2,673 
Foreign currency exchange rate(3) (in millions) 
Danish Krone 
1,741 kr. 
826 kr. 
1,741 kr. 
826 kr. 
Euro 
€ 
293 
€ 
832 
€ 
293 
€ 
832 
(1) 
(2) 
Includes options at Dominion Energy. 
Includes options. 
(3) Maturity is determined based on final settlement period. 
AOCI 
The following table presents selected information related to gains (losses) on cash flow hedges included in AOCI in the Companies’ Con-
solidated Balance Sheets at December 31, 2024: 
Dominion Energy 
Virginia Power 
AOCI 
After-Tax 
Amounts Expected to be 
Reclassified to Earnings 
During the Next 12 Months 
After-Tax 
Maximum Term 
AOCI 
After-Tax 
Amounts Expected to be 
Reclassified to Earnings 
During the Next 12 Months 
After-Tax 
Maximum Term 
(millions) 
 
  
Interest rate 
$(171) 
$(29) 
384 (months) 
$28 
$1 
384 (months) 
Total 
$(171) 
$(29) 
$28 
$1 
The amounts that will be reclassified from AOCI to earnings will generally be offset by the recognition of the hedged transactions (e.g., 
interest rate payments) in earnings, thereby achieving the realization of prices contemplated by the underlying risk management strategies 
and will vary from the expected amounts presented above as a result of changes in interest rates. 
109 

Combined Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements, Continued 
Fair Value and Gains and Losses on Derivative Instruments 
The following tables present the fair values of the Companies’ derivatives and where they are presented in their Consolidated Balance 
Sheets: 
Dominion Energy 
Virginia Power 
Assets 
Liabilities 
Assets 
Liabilities 
(millions) 
At December 31, 2024 
Current derivatives not under cash flow hedge accounting 
Commodity 
$ 171 
$ 78 
$ 84 
$ 32 
Interest rate 
101 
22 
 
 
Foreign currency exchange rate 
27 
107 
27 
107 
Current derivatives under cash flow hedge accounting 
Interest rate 
137 
— 
137 
— 
Total current derivatives 
$ 436 
$207 
$248 
$139 
Noncurrent derivatives not under cash flow hedge accounting 
Commodity 
$ 323 
$ 45 
$ 31 
$
1 
Interest rate 
544 
175 
 
 
Foreign currency exchange rate 
3 
85 
3 
85 
Noncurrent derivatives under cash flow hedge accounting 
Interest rate 
93 
— 
93 
— 
Total noncurrent derivatives(1) 
963 
305 
127 
86 
Total derivatives 
$1,399 
$512 
$375 
$225 
At December 31, 2023 
Current derivatives not under cash flow hedge accounting 
Commodity 
$ 312 
$244 
$ 91 
$188 
Interest rate 
298 
76 
— 
— 
Foreign currency exchange rate 
— 
11 
— 
11 
Current derivatives under cash flow hedge accounting 
Interest rate 
143 
45 
143 
45 
Total current derivatives(2) 
$ 753 
$376 
$234 
$244 
Noncurrent derivatives not under cash flow hedge accounting 
Commodity 
$ 238 
$ 55 
$ 26 
$ 44 
Interest rate 
321 
238 
— 
— 
Foreign currency exchange rate 
— 
28 
— 
28 
Noncurrent derivatives under cash flow hedge accounting 
Interest rate 
38 
— 
38 
— 
Total noncurrent derivatives(1) 
597 
321 
64 
72 
Total derivatives 
$1,350 
$697 
$298 
$316 
(1) Noncurrent derivative assets are presented in other deferred charges and other assets and noncurrent derivative liabilities are presented in other deferred cred-
its and other liabilities in Virginia Power’s Consolidated Balance Sheets. 
(2) Includes $54 million recorded in assets held for sale and $30 million recorded in liabilities held for sale in Dominion Energy’s Consolidated Balance Sheets. 
110 

The following tables present the gains and losses on the Companies’ derivatives, as well as where the associated activity is presented in their 
Consolidated Balance Sheets and Statements of Income: 
Dominion Energy 
Virginia Power 
Derivatives in cash flow hedging relationships 
Amount of Gain 
(Loss) Recognized 
in AOCI on 
Derivatives(1) 
Amount of Gain 
(Loss) Reclassified 
from AOCI to 
Income 
Increase 
(Decrease) in 
Derivatives 
Subject to 
Regulatory 
Treatment(2) 
Amount of Gain 
(Loss) Recognized 
in AOCI on 
Derivatives(1) 
Amount of Gain 
(Loss) Reclassified 
from AOCI to 
Income 
Increase 
(Decrease) in 
Derivatives 
Subject to 
Regulatory 
Treatment(2) 
(millions) 
 
  
Year Ended December 31, 2024 
 
  
Derivative type and location of gains (losses): 
 
  
Interest rate(3) 
$17 
$(43) 
$189 
$17 
$— 
$188 
Total 
$17 
$(43) 
$189 
$17 
$— 
$188 
Year Ended December 31, 2023 
 
  
Derivative type and location of gains (losses): 
 
  
Interest rate(3) 
$ (1) 
(43) 
$
5 
$ (1) 
$(1) 
$
4 
Total 
$ (1) 
$(43) 
$
5 
$ (1) 
$(1) 
$
4 
Year Ended December 31, 2022 
 
  
Derivative type and location of gains (losses): 
 
  
Interest rate(3) 
$89 
(57) 
$855 
$80 
$(2) 
$854 
Total 
$89 
$(57) 
$855 
$80 
$(2) 
$854 
(1) Amounts deferred into AOCI have no associated effect in the Companies’ Consolidated Statements of Income. 
(2) Represents net derivative activity deferred into and amortized out of regulatory assets/liabilities. Amounts deferred into regulatory assets/liabilities have no 
associated effect in the Companies’ Consolidated Statements of Income. 
(3) Amounts recorded in the Companies’ Consolidated Statements of Income are classified in interest and related charges. 
Amount of Gain (Loss) Recognized in Income on Derivatives(1)(2) 
Derivatives not designated as hedging instruments 
Dominion Energy 
Virginia Power 
Year Ended December 31, 
2024 
2023 
2022 
2024 
2023 
2022 
(millions) 
Derivative type and location of gains (losses): 
Commodity: 
Operating revenue 
$ 116 
$ 707 
$(729) 
$ 140 
$ 27 
$(303) 
Purchased gas 
— 
— 
13 
Electric fuel and other energy-related purchases 
(240) 
(380) 
514 
(244) 
(384) 
453 
Discontinued operations 
(28) 
86 
8 
Other operations & maintenance 
— 
2 
— 
— 
2 
— 
Interest rate: 
Interest and related charges 
(3) 
84 
406 
Discontinued operations 
— 
17 
244 
Total 
$(155) 
$ 516 
$ 456 
$(104) 
$(355) 
$ 150 
(1) Includes derivative activity amortized out of regulatory assets/liabilities. Amounts deferred into regulatory assets/liabilities have no associated effect in the 
Companies’ Consolidated Statements of Income. 
(2) Excludes amounts related to foreign currency exchange rate derivatives that are deferred to plant under construction within property, plant and equipment 
and regulatory assets/liabilities that will begin to amortize once the CVOW Commercial Project is placed in service. 
111 

Combined Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements, Continued 
NOTE 8. EARNINGS PER SHARE 
The following table presents the calculation of Dominion Energy’s basic and diluted EPS: 
2024 
2023 
2022 
(millions, except EPS) 
Net income attributable to Dominion Energy from continuing operations 
$1,927 
$2,156 
$ 269 
Preferred stock dividends (See Note 19) 
(68) 
(81) 
(93) 
Preferred stock deemed dividends (See Note 19) 
(10) 
— 
— 
Net income attributable to Dominion Energy from continuing operations—Basic 
1,849 
2,075 
176 
Dilutive effect of 2019 Equity Units(1) 
— 
— 
— 
Net income attributable to Dominion Energy from continuing operations—Diluted 
1,849 
2,075 
176 
Net income (loss) attributable to Dominion Energy from discontinued operations—Basic & Diluted 
$ 197 
$ (125) 
$ 922 
Average shares of common stock outstanding—Basic 
839.2 
836.4 
823.9 
Net effect of dilutive securities(2) 
0.2 
0.1 
0.9 
Average shares of common stock outstanding—Diluted 
839.4 
836.5 
824.8 
EPS from continuing operations—Basic 
$ 2.20 
$ 2.48 
$ 0.22 
EPS from discontinued operations—Basic 
0.24 
(0.15) 
1.11 
EPS attributable to Dominion Energy—Basic 
$ 2.44 
$ 2.33 
$ 1.33 
EPS from continuing operations—Diluted 
$ 2.20 
$ 2.48 
$ 0.22 
EPS from discontinued operations—Diluted 
0.24 
(0.15) 
1.11 
EPS attributable to Dominion Energy—Diluted 
$ 2.44 
$ 2.33 
$ 1.33 
(1) As discussed in Note 19, effective in June 2022 through its redemption in September 2022, the Series A Preferred Stock was considered to be mandatorily 
redeemable and was classified in current liabilities. 
(2) Dilutive securities for 2024 consists of certain of the forward sales agreements entered into in 2024 with certain of these securities settling in 2024 (applying 
the treasury stock method). Dilutive securities for 2023 and 2022 consist primarily of stock potentially to be issued to satisfy the obligation under a settlement 
agreement with the SCDOR (applying the if converted method). Additionally, in 2022, dilutive securities include forward sales agreements entered into in 
November 2021 and settled in December 2022 (applying the treasury stock method). See Notes 20 and 23 for additional information. 
Certain of the forward sales agreements entered into in 2024 were potentially dilutive securities but were excluded from the calculation 
of diluted EPS from continuing operations for the year ended December 31, 2024 as the dilutive stock price threshold was not met. The 
2019 Equity Units, prior to settlement in June 2022, were potentially dilutive instruments. See Note 19 for additional information. 
112 

NOTE 9. INVESTMENTS 
Equity and Debt Securities 
SHORT-TERM DEPOSIT 
In May 2022, Dominion Energy entered into an agreement with a financial institution and committed to make a short-term deposit of at 
least $1.6 billion but not more than $2.0 billion to be posted as collateral to secure its $1.6 billion redemption obligation of the Series A 
Preferred Stock as described in Note 19. In May 2022, Dominion Energy funded the short-term deposit in the amount of $2.0 billion, 
which earned interest income at an annual rate of 1.75% through its maturity in September 2022. 
RABBI TRUST SECURITIES 
Equity and fixed income securities and cash equivalents in Dominion Energy’s rabbi trusts and classified as trading totaled $160 million 
and $119 million at December 31, 2024 and 2023, respectively. 
DECOMMISSIONING TRUST SECURITIES 
The Companies hold equity and fixed income securities and cash equivalents, and Dominion Energy also holds insurance contracts, in 
nuclear decommissioning trust funds to fund future decommissioning costs for its nuclear plants. The Companies’ decommissioning trust 
funds are summarized below: 
Dominion Energy 
Virginia Power 
Amortized 
Cost 
Total 
Unrealized 
Gains 
Total 
Unrealized 
Losses 
Allowance 
for Credit 
Losses 
Fair 
Value 
Amortized 
Cost 
Total 
Unrealized 
Gains 
Total 
Unrealized 
Losses 
Allowance 
for Credit 
Losses 
Fair 
Value 
(millions) 
 
 
December 31, 2024 
 
 
Equity securities:(1) 
 
 
U.S. 
$1,220 
$4,157 
$ (4) 
$5,373 
$ 695 
$2,155 
$ (3) 
$2,847 
International 
52 
111 
— 
163 
34 
65 
— 
99 
Fixed income securities:(2) 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Corporate debt instruments 
516 
6 
(15) 
$— 
507 
303 
3 
(12) 
$— 
294 
Government securities 
1,736 
7 
(39) 
— 
1,704 
1,038 
4 
(18) 
— 
1,024 
Insurance contracts(3) 
239 
— 
— 
239 
 
 
 
 
Cash equivalents and other(4) 
65 
— 
— 
— 
65 
22 
— 
— 
— 
22 
Total 
$3,828 
$4,281 
$(58)(5)  
$— 
$8,051 
$2,092 
$2,227 
$(33)(5)  
$— 
$4,286 
December 31, 2023 
 
 
Equity securities:(1) 
 
 
U.S. 
$1,276 
$3,270 
$(10) 
$4,536 
$ 759 
$1,706 
$(10) 
$2,455 
Fixed income securities:(2) 
 
 
Corporate debt instruments 
508 
10 
(27) 
$— 
491 
292 
3 
(21) 
$— 
274 
Government securities 
1,426 
28 
(24) 
— 
1,430 
811 
17 
(12) 
— 
816 
Common/ collective trust funds 
161 
— 
— 
— 
161 
124 
— 
— 
— 
124 
Insurance contracts(3) 
244 
— 
— 
244 
 
 
 
 
Cash equivalents and other(4) 
84 
— 
— 
— 
84 
47 
— 
— 
— 
47 
Total 
$3,699 
$3,308 
$(61)(5)  
$— 
$6,946 
$2,033 
$1,726 
$(43)(5)  
$— 
$3,716 
(1) Unrealized gains and losses on equity securities are included in other income (expense) and the nuclear decommissioning trust regulatory liability as discussed 
in Note 2. 
(2) Unrealized gains and losses on fixed income securities are included in AOCI and the nuclear decommissioning trust regulatory liability as discussed in Note 
2. Changes in allowance for credit losses are included in other income (expense). 
(3) Includes company owned life insurance contracts measured at cash surrender value. 
(4) Dominion Energy includes pending sales of securities of $35 million and $49 million at December 31, 2024 and 2023, respectively. Virginia Power includes 
pending sales of securities of $22 million and $27 million at December 31, 2024 and 2023, respectively. 
(5) Dominion Energy’s fair value of securities in an unrealized loss position was $1.4 billion and $764 million at December 31, 2024 and 2023, respectively. 
Virginia Power’s fair value of securities in an unrealized loss position was $796 million and $384 million at December 31, 2024 and 2023, respectively. 
113 

Combined Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements, Continued 
The portion of unrealized gains and losses that relates to equity securities held within Dominion Energy and Virginia Power’s nuclear 
decommissioning trusts is summarized below: 
Dominion Energy 
Virginia Power 
Year Ended December 31, 
2024 
2023 
2022 
2024 
2023 
2022 
(millions) 
 
   
Net gains (losses) recognized during the period 
$1,020 
$811 
$(848) 
$532 
$420 
$(436) 
Less: Net (gains) losses recognized during the period on securities sold during the period 
(16) 
(7) 
8 
(11) 
7 
(7) 
Unrealized gains (losses) recognized during the period on securities still held at period end(1) 
$1,004 
$804 
$(840) 
$521 
$427 
$(443) 
(1) Included in other income (expense) and the nuclear decommissioning trust regulatory liability as discussed in Note 2. 
The fair value of Dominion Energy and Virginia Power’s 
fixed income securities with readily determinable fair values held 
in nuclear decommissioning trust funds at December 31, 2024 by 
contractual maturity is as follows: 
Dominion Energy 
Virginia Power 
(millions) 
Due in one year or less 
$ 
7 
 
$ 
7 
Due after one year through five years 
565 
294 
Due after five years through ten years 
441 
251 
Due after ten years 
1,198 
766 
Total 
$2,211 
$1,318 
Presented below is selected information regarding Dominion 
Energy and Virginia Power’s equity and fixed income securities 
with readily determinable fair values held in nuclear decom-
missioning trust funds. 
Dominion Energy 
Virginia Power 
Year Ended 
December 31, 
2024 
2023 
2022 
2024 
2023 
2022 
(millions) 
Proceeds 
from sales 
$3,072 $2,966 $3,282 $1,925 $1,876 $1,538 
Realized gains(1) 
106 
92 
143 
67 
50 
48 
Realized losses(1) 
128 
169 
296 
88 
99 
107 
(1) Includes realized gains and losses recorded to the nuclear decommission-
ing trust regulatory liability as discussed in Note 2. 
Equity Method Investments 
Investments that Dominion Energy accounts for under the equity 
method of accounting are as follows: 
Company 
Ownership% 
Investment Balance 
Description 
As of December 31, 
 
2024 
2023 
 
(millions) 
Align RNG 
50% 
$ 91 
$ 80 
Renewable natural gas 
Dominion 
Privatization 
50% 
27 
172 
Military electric 
and gas 
Other(1) 
various 
20 
59(2) 
Total 
 
$138 
$311 
 
(1) Dominion Energy’s Consolidated Balance Sheets include a liability asso-
ciated with its investment in Atlantic Coast Pipeline of $7 million and 
$4 million at December 31, 2024 and 2023, respectively, presented in 
other current liabilities. See discussion below for additional information. 
(2) Dominion Energy’s Consolidated Balance Sheets includes balances pre-
sented in assets held for sale of $43 million for December 31, 2023. 
Dominion Energy recorded equity earnings (losses) on its 
investments of $3 million, $(26) million and $21 million for the 
years ended December 31, 2024, 2023 and 2022, respectively, in 
other income (expense) in its Consolidated Statements of Income. 
In addition, Dominion Energy recorded equity earnings (losses) 
of $(12) million, $235 million and $271 million for the years 
ended December 31, 2024, 2023 and 2022, respectively, in dis-
continued operations including amounts related to its investments 
in Cove Point (through September 2023) and Atlantic Coast 
Pipeline discussed below. Dominion Energy received distributions 
from these investments of $140 million, $245 million and $355 
million for the years ended December 31, 2024, 2023 and 2022, 
respectively. As of December 31, 2024 and 2023, the net differ-
ence between the carrying amount of Dominion Energy’s invest-
ments and its share of underlying equity in net assets was $5 
million and $18 million, respectively. At December 31, 2024, this 
difference is attributable to capitalized interest. At December 31, 
2023, these differences are primarily comprised of $9 million of 
equity method goodwill that is not being amortized and $3 mil-
lion attributable to capitalized interest. 
COVE POINT 
Prior to the completion of the sale to BHE in September 2023, 
Dominion held a 50% noncontrolling limited partnership interest 
in Cove Point which was accounted for as an equity method 
investment as Dominion Energy had the ability to exercise sig-
nificant influence over, but not control, Cove Point. 
Dominion Energy recorded distributions from Cove Point of 
$227 million and $344 million for the years ended December 31, 
2023 and 2022, respectively. Dominion Energy made no con-
tributions to Cove Point for the years ended December 31, 2023 
or 2022. 
In June 2023, Dominion Energy entered into an agreement 
with Cove Point for transportation and storage services at market 
rates for a 20-year period commencing August 2023. 
In July 2023, Dominion Energy entered into an agreement to 
sell its 50% noncontrolling limited partnership interest in Cove 
Point to BHE for cash consideration of $3.3 billion which closed 
in September 2023 after all customary closing and regulatory 
conditions were satisfied, including clearance under the Hart-
Scott-Rodino Act and approval from the DOE. The sale is treated 
as an asset sale for tax purposes. In addition, Dominion Energy 
received proceeds of $199 million from the settlement of related 
interest rate derivatives. In connection with closing, Dominion 
Energy utilized proceeds, as required, to repay DECP Holding’s 
term loan secured by its noncontrolling interest in Cove Point, 
which had an outstanding balance of $2.2 billion, and $750 mil-
lion of outstanding borrowings under Dominion Energy’s two 
$600 million 364-day term loan facilities entered in July 2023. 
114 

See Note 17 for additional information on these facilities. Domin-
ion Energy recorded a gain on the sale of its noncontrolling inter-
est in Cove Point of $626 million ($348 million after-tax) within 
discontinued operations in its Consolidated Statements of Income 
for the year ended December 31, 2023. 
In September 2023, as a result of Dominion Energy entering 
agreements for the East Ohio, PSNC and Questar Gas Trans-
actions, Dominion Energy’s 50% noncontrolling limited partner-
ship interest in Cove Point also met the requirements to be 
presented as discontinued operations and held for sale (through 
the date of disposal) as both disposition activities were executed in 
connection with Dominion Energy’s comprehensive business 
review announced in November 2022. In addition, interest 
expense associated with DECP Holding’s term loan secured by its 
noncontrolling interest in Cove Point and related interest rate 
derivatives have been classified as discontinued operations. 
Amounts presented in discontinued operations within Domin-
ion Energy’s Consolidated Statements of Income for the year 
ended December 31, 2023 include $218 million for earnings on 
equity method investees, $120 million of interest expense and 
$31 million of income tax expense, in addition to the gain on sale 
and associated tax expense disclosed above. Such amounts for the 
years ended December 31, 2022 were $277 million for earnings 
on equity method investees, $(160) million for interest expense 
(benefit) and $92 million of income tax expense. 
All activity relating to Dominion Energy’s noncontrolling 
interest in Cove Point is recorded within the Corporate and 
Other segment. 
ATLANTIC COAST PIPELINE 
In September 2014, Dominion Energy, along with Duke Energy 
and Southern, announced the formation of the Atlantic Coast 
Pipeline for the purpose of constructing an approximately 
600-mile natural gas pipeline running from West Virginia 
through Virginia to North Carolina. Following Dominion 
Energy’s acquisition from Southern of its 5% interest in Atlantic 
Coast Pipeline in 2020, Dominion Energy owns a 53% non-
controlling membership interest in Atlantic Coast Pipeline with 
Duke Energy owning the remaining interest. 
Atlantic Coast Pipeline continues to be accounted for as an 
equity method investment as the power to direct the activities 
most significant to Atlantic Coast Pipeline is shared with Duke 
Energy. As a result, Dominion Energy has the ability to exercise 
significant influence, but not control, over the investee. 
In July 2020, as a result of ongoing permitting delays, grow-
ing legal uncertainties and the need to incur significant capital 
expenditures to maintain project timing before such uncertainties 
could be resolved, Dominion Energy and Duke Energy 
announced the cancellation of the Atlantic Coast Pipeline Project. 
Dominion Energy recorded earnings (losses) on equity 
method investees of $(13) million ($(10) million after-tax), 
$15 million ($11 million after-tax), and $(7) million ($(5) mil-
lion after-tax) for the years ended December 31, 2024, 2023 and 
2022, respectively. In connection with Dominion Energy’s deci-
sion to sell substantially all of its gas transmission and storage 
operations, Dominion Energy has reflected the results of its equity 
method investment in Atlantic Coast Pipeline as discontinued 
operations in its Consolidated Statements of Income. As a result 
of its share of equity losses exceeding its investment, Dominion 
Energy’s Consolidated Balance Sheets at December 31, 2024 and 
2023 include a liability of $7 million and $4 million, respectively, 
presented in other current liabilities and reflecting Dominion 
Energy’s obligations to Atlantic Coast Pipeline related to AROs. 
Dominion Energy recorded contributions of $12 million, 
$95 million and $3 million during the years ended December 31, 
2024, 2023 and 2022, respectively, to Atlantic Coast Pipeline. 
Dominion Energy expects it could incur additional losses 
from Atlantic Coast Pipeline as it completes wind-down activities. 
While Dominion Energy is unable to precisely estimate the 
amounts to be incurred by Atlantic Coast Pipeline, the portion of 
such amounts attributable to Dominion Energy is not expected to 
be material to Dominion Energy’s results of operations, financial 
position or statement of cash flows. 
All activity relating to Atlantic Coast Pipeline is recorded 
within the Corporate and Other segment. 
ALIGN RNG 
In the fourth quarter of 2023, Dominion Energy reflected its 
share of an impairment of certain property, plant and equipment 
at Align RNG totaling $35 million ($26 million after-tax) in 
other income (expense) in its Consolidated Statements of Income. 
All activity related to Align RNG is reflected within Contracted 
Energy. 
DOMINION PRIVATIZATION 
In February 2022, Dominion Energy entered into an agreement 
to form Dominion Privatization, a partnership with Patriot. 
Dominion Privatization, through its wholly-owned subsidiaries, 
maintains and operates electric and gas distribution infrastructure 
under service concession arrangements with certain U.S. military 
installations. Under the agreement, Dominion Energy con-
tributed its existing privatization operations, excluding contracts 
held by DESC, and Patriot contributed cash. 
The initial contribution, consisting of privatization operations 
in South Carolina, Texas and Pennsylvania, closed in March 
2022 for which Dominion Energy received total consideration of 
$120 million, subject to customary closing adjustments, com-
prised of $60 million in cash proceeds and a 50% noncontrolling 
ownership interest in Dominion Privatization with an initial fair 
value of $60 million, estimated using the market approach. This 
is considered a Level 2 fair value measurement given that it is 
based on the agreed-upon sales price. In the first quarter of 2022, 
Dominion Energy recorded a gain of $23 million ($16 million 
after-tax), presented in losses (gains) on sales of assets in its Con-
solidated Statements of Income. Dominion Energy’s 50% non-
controlling ownership interest in Dominion Privatization is 
accounted for as an equity method investment as Dominion 
Energy has the ability to exercise significant influence, but not 
control, over the investee. 
The second contribution, consisting of privatization oper-
ations in Virginia, closed in December 2022 for which Dominion 
Energy received total consideration of $215 million, subject to 
customary closing adjustments, comprised of $108 million in 
cash proceeds and retention of its 50% noncontrolling ownership 
interest valued at $107 million using the market approach. This is 
considered a Level 2 fair value measurement given that it is based 
on the agreed-upon sales price. In the fourth quarter of 2022, 
115 

Combined Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements, Continued 
Dominion Energy recorded a gain of $133 million ($99 million 
after-tax), presented in losses (gains) on sales of assets in its Con-
solidated Statements of Income. 
In February 2024, Dominion Energy received a distribution 
of $126 million from Dominion Privatization, which was 
accounted for as a return of an investment. 
All activity related to Dominion Privatization is reflected 
within the Corporate and Other segment. 
WRANGLER 
In March 2022, Dominion Energy sold its 15% noncontrolling 
partnership interest in Wrangler to Interstate Gas Supply, Inc. for 
cash consideration of $85 million. Dominion Energy recognized a 
gain of $11 million ($8 million after-tax), included in other 
income (expense) in its Consolidated Statements of Income 
reflected within the Corporate and Other segment for the year 
ended December 31, 2022. 
NOTE 10. PROPERTY, PLANT AND EQUIPMENT 
Major classes of property, plant and equipment and their 
respective balances for the Companies are as follows: 
Dominion Energy 
Virginia Power 
At December 31, 
2024 
2023 
2024 
2023 
(millions) 
Utility: 
Generation 
$26,854 $24,903 
$20,219 $18,580 
Transmission 
17,856 
16,540 
15,514 
14,268 
Distribution 
23,572 
21,836 
17,261 
15,934 
Nuclear fuel 
2,393 
2,424 
1,823 
1,815 
General and other 
1,865 
1,758 
1,134 
1,036 
Plant under construction(1) 
13,816 
8,230 
12,826 
7,548 
Total utility 
86,356 
75,691 
68,777 
59,181 
Non-jurisdictional—including 
plant under construction 
1,763 
1,772 
1,763 
1,772 
Nonutility: 
Nonregulated generation-
nuclear 
1,962 
1,855 
— 
— 
Nonregulated generation-
solar 
1,207 
945 
— 
— 
Nuclear fuel 
1,173 
1,009 
— 
— 
Other-including plant under 
construction 
2,383 
2,145 
10 
10 
Total nonutility 
6,725 
5,954 
10 
10 
Total property, plant and 
equipment 
$94,844 $83,417 
$70,550 $60,963 
(1) Includes $5.8 billion and $2.9 billion of costs associated with the 
CVOW Commercial Project at December 31, 2024 and 2023, 
respectively. The amount at December 31, 2024 is net of $206 million 
of costs not expected to be recovered from customers. 
Jointly-Owned Power Stations 
The Companies’ proportionate share of jointly-owned power sta-
tions at December 31, 2024 is as follows: 
Bath 
County 
Pumped 
Storage 
Station(1) 
North 
Anna 
Units 1 
and 2(1) 
Clover 
Power 
Station(1) 
Millstone 
Unit 3(2) 
Summer 
Unit 1(2) 
(millions, except 
percentages) 
 
 
Ownership interest 
60% 
88.4% 
50% 
93.5% 
66.7% 
Plant in service 
1,069 
2,906 
616 
1,528 
1,598 
Accumulated 
depreciation 
(774) 
(1,403) 
(312) 
(628) 
(755) 
Nuclear fuel 
— 
767 
— 
619 
570 
Accumulated 
amortization of 
nuclear fuel 
— 
(620) 
— 
(475) 
(345) 
Plant under 
construction 
12 
408 
9 
93 
58 
(1) Units jointly owned by Virginia Power. 
(2) Units jointly owned by Dominion Energy. 
The co-owners are obligated to pay their share of all future con-
struction expenditures and operating costs of the jointly-owned 
facilities in the same proportion as their respective ownership 
interest. The Companies report their share of operating costs in 
the appropriate operating expense (electric fuel and other energy-
related purchases, other operations and maintenance, depreciation 
and amortization, other taxes and other applicable accounts) in 
the Consolidated Statements of Income. 
CVOW Commercial Project—Estimated Total Project Cost 
In September 2019, Virginia Power filed applications with PJM 
for the CVOW Commercial Project and for certain approvals and 
rider recovery from the Virginia Commission in November 2021. 
The Virginia Commission provided such approvals in August 
2022, as revised for certain provisions related to rider recovery in 
December 2022. The 2.6 GW project is expected to be placed in 
service by the end of 2026 with an estimated total project cost of 
approximately $10.7 billion, excluding financing costs, that 
reflects a revised estimate of network upgrade costs assigned by 
PJM to the CVOW Commercial Project. 
The expected total project cost reflects increases driven primar-
ily by projections for onshore electrical interconnection costs and 
network upgrade costs assigned to the project by PJM, specifically 
incorporating consideration of PJM’s December 2024 publication 
of potential transmission network upgrades required for certain 
generation projects and related cost allocations, including those 
attributable to the CVOW Commercial Project. Relative to Vir-
ginia Power’s November 2024 Rider OSW filing, the updated 
estimated total project cost reflects an approximately $0.6 billion 
increase for such onshore and network upgrade costs and an 
approximately $0.3 billion increase for increased contingency for 
remaining construction activities, completion of the removal of 
unexploded ordnance, undersea cable protection system design 
enhancements, commodity prices for transportation fuel, updates 
for sea fastener fabrication and installation and other construction 
and equipment supplier costs. Virginia Power has entered into 
fixed price contracts for the major offshore construction and 
116 

equipment components. The contracts include services denomi-
nated in currencies other than the U.S. dollar, for which Virginia 
Power has entered forward contracts to economically hedge. 
In accordance with the Virginia Commission’s December 
2022 order, the Companies are subject to a cost sharing mecha-
nism in which Virginia Power will be eligible to recover 50% of 
such incremental costs which fall between $10.3 billion and 
$11.3 billion with no recovery of such incremental costs which 
fall between $11.3 billion and $13.7 billion. There is no cost 
sharing mechanism for any total construction costs in excess of 
$13.7 billion, the recovery of which would be determined in a 
future Virginia Commission proceeding. In October 2024, 
Virginia Power completed the sale of a 50% noncontrolling inter-
est in the CVOW Commercial Project to Stonepeak as discussed 
below. 
As a result of the revised total project cost estimate and cost 
sharing mechanism, in the fourth quarter of 2024 Virginia Power 
recorded a charge for costs not expected to be recovered from 
customers of $206 million within impairment of assets and other 
charges, which includes $103 million attributable to non-
controlling interests, and an associated income tax benefit of 
$26 million, all reflected in the Corporate and Other segment, in 
the Companies’ Consolidated Statements of Income. 
The estimated total project cost above reflects the Companies’ 
best estimate of the remaining construction costs, including con-
tingency of approximately 5% on such remaining amounts. Such 
estimate could potentially change for items, certain of which are 
beyond the Companies’ control, including but not limited to 
actual network upgrade costs allocated by PJM, fuel for trans-
portation and installation, the impact of applicable tariffs, if any, 
costs to maintain necessary permits, approvals and authorizations, 
ability of key suppliers and contractors to timely satisfy their obli-
gations under existing contracts, marine wildlife and/or any severe 
weather events. Any additional increase in such costs in excess of 
the contingency included in the estimated total project cost would 
be subject to the cost sharing mechanisms described above and 
could have a material impact on the Companies’ future financial 
condition, results of operations and/or cash flows. 
Sale of Noncontrolling Interest in CVOW Commercial 
Project 
In February 2024, Virginia Power entered into an agreement to 
sell a 50% noncontrolling interest in the CVOW Commercial 
Project to Stonepeak through the formation of OSWP. In 
October 2024, Virginia Power and Stonepeak closed on the 
agreement following the receipt of consent by BOEM and sat-
isfaction of other customary closing and regulatory conditions. 
Consistent with the terms of the agreement, Virginia Power con-
tributed the CVOW Commercial Project and Stonepeak con-
tributed cash to OSWP. The contribution of the CVOW 
Commercial Project required approvals from the Virginia and 
North Carolina Commissions, which were received in September 
2024. At closing, Virginia Power received $2.6 billion, subject to 
customary post-closing adjustments, representing 50% of the 
CVOW Commercial Project construction costs incurred through 
closing, less an initial withholding of $145 million. If the total 
project costs of the CVOW Commercial Project are $9.8 billion, 
excluding financing costs, or less Virginia Power shall receive 
$100 million of the initial withholding. Such amount is subject to 
downward adjustment with Virginia Power receiving no withheld 
amounts if the total costs, excluding financing costs, of the 
CVOW Commercial Project exceed $11.3 billion. 
Virginia Power and Stonepeak will each contribute 50% of 
the remaining capital necessary to fund construction of the 
CVOW Commercial Project provided the total project cost, 
excluding financing costs, is less than $11.3 billion. For capital 
funding necessary, if any, for total project costs, excluding financ-
ing costs, of $11.3 billion through $13.7 billion, Stonepeak will 
have the option to make additional capital contributions. If 
Stonepeak elects to make additional capital contributions for 
project costs, excluding financing costs, in excess of $11.3 billion, 
if any, Virginia Power shall contribute between 67% and 83% of 
such capital with Stonepeak contributing the remainder. To the 
extent that Stonepeak elects not to make such contributions, Vir-
ginia Power shall receive an increase in its ownership percentage 
of OSWP for any contributed capital based on a tiered unit price 
for membership interests in OSWP as set forth in the agreement. 
Virginia Power and Stonepeak have the right to provide capital 
contributions for any total project costs, excluding financing 
costs, in excess of $13.7 billion. 
OSWP is considered to be a VIE primarily because its equity 
capitalization is insufficient to support its operations. Virginia 
Power is considered to be the primary beneficiary and con-
solidates OSWP with Stonepeak’s interests reflected as non-
controlling interests beginning in the fourth quarter of 2024 as 
Virginia Power has the power to direct the most significant activ-
ities of OSWP, including construction and operation of the 
CVOW Commercial Project. In the event that OSWP ceases to 
be a VIE, Virginia Power expects to continue to consolidate 
OSWP as its ownership interest is expected to be considered a 
controlling financial interest over the entity through its rights to 
control operations. 
Virginia Power Easement Agreement 
In November 2023, Virginia Power entered into an agreement to 
pay $65 million for an easement related to the CVOW Commer-
cial Project for which it will not seek recovery and therefore 
recorded a charge of $65 million ($49 million after-tax) within 
impairment of assets and other charges in its Consolidated State-
ments of Income (reflected in the Corporate and Other segment). 
117 

Combined Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements, Continued 
Nonregulated Solar Projects 
The following table presents acquisitions by Virginia Power of non-jurisdictional solar projects (reflected in Dominion Energy Virginia). 
Virginia Power has claimed federal investment tax credits on the projects, except as otherwise noted. 
Project Name 
Date Agreement 
Entered 
Date Agreement 
Closed 
Project Location 
Project Cost 
(millions)(1) 
Date of Commercial 
Operations 
MW 
Capacity 
Ft. Powhatan 
June 2019 
June 2019 
Virginia 
$267 
January 2022 
150 
Maplewood 
October 2019 
October 2019 
Virginia 
210 
December 2022 
120 
Pumpkinseed 
May 2020 
May 2020 
Virginia 
138 
September 2022 
60 
(1) Includes acquisition costs. 
In addition, the following table presents acquisitions by Dominion Energy of solar projects (reflected in Contracted Energy unless other-
wise noted). Dominion Energy has claimed or expects to claim federal tax credits on the projects. 
Project Name 
Date Agreement 
Entered 
Date Agreement 
Closed 
Project Location 
Project Cost 
(millions)(1) 
Date of Commercial 
Operations 
MW 
Capacity 
Madison(2) 
July 2020 
July 2020 
Virginia 
165 
N/A 
62 
Hardin II 
August 2020 
Terminated(3) 
 
 
 
Atlanta Farms 
March 2022 
May 2022 
Ohio 
390 
January 2025(4)  
200 
Foxhound 
March 2023 
February 2024 
Virginia 
195 
April 2024(4)  
83 
(1) Includes acquisition costs. 
(2) Madison was reflected in the Corporate and Other segment before its sale 2024. See Note 3 for discussion. 
(3) In January 2023, Dominion Energy terminated its agreement, without penalty, to acquire Hardin II. 
(4) Dominion Energy expects to claim production tax credits on the energy generated and sold by these projects. 
In addition to the facilities discussed above, Dominion Energy 
has also entered into various agreements to install solar facilities 
(reflected in the Corporate and Other segment), primarily at 
schools in Virginia. As of December 31, 2024, Dominion Energy 
has in service solar facilities with an aggregate generation capacity 
of 7 MW at a cost of $16 million and anticipates placing addi-
tional facilities in service by the end of 2025 with an estimated 
total projected cost of approximately $5 million and an aggregate 
generation capacity of 3 MW. Dominion Energy has claimed or 
expects to claim federal investment tax credits on the projects. 
IMPAIRMENT 
In the fourth quarter of 2022, Dominion Energy modified its 
intentions for the ongoing growth and development of its non-
regulated solar generation assets as part of the preliminary stages 
of its comprehensive business review announced in November 
2022. In connection with that determination, Dominion Energy 
expects that it is more likely than not that the nonregulated solar 
generation projects within Contracted Energy will be sold before 
the end of their useful lives and therefore evaluated the associated 
long-lived assets for recoverability. Given their strategic alignment 
with Virginia Power’s operations, the non-jurisdictional solar 
generation projects reflected in Dominion Energy Virginia were 
not further evaluated for recoverability. Using a probability-
weighted approach, Dominion Energy determined Contracted 
Energy’s nonregulated solar generation assets were impaired and 
recorded a charge of $908 million ($685 million after-tax) 
primarily in impairment of assets and other charges in its Con-
solidated Statements of Income (reflected in the Corporate and 
Other segment) for the year ended December 31, 2022 to adjust 
the property, plant and equipment, intangible assets and right-of-
use lease assets down to an estimated fair value of $665 million in 
aggregate. The fair value was estimated using an income 
approach. The valuation is considered a Level 3 fair value 
measurement due to the use of significant judgmental and 
unobservable inputs, including projected timing and amount of 
future cash flows and discount rates reflecting risks inherent in 
the future cash flows and market prices. 
Acquisition of Offshore Wind Project 
In July 2024, Virginia Power entered into an agreement to 
acquire an approximately 40,000-acre area lease 27 miles off the 
coast of North Carolina in federal waters and associated project 
assets in the early stages of development for approximately 
$160 million. The transaction closed in October 2024 following 
the receipt of approval from BOEM and other customary regu-
latory approvals. The CVOW South project, if constructed, is 
expected to have a generating capacity of 800 MW with ultimate 
development of the project dependent upon the receipt of appro-
vals from the Virginia Commission and other permitting entities. 
The project would support Virginia Power’s ability to meet the 
renewable energy portfolio standards established in the VCEA. 
Sales of Corporate Office Buildings 
In 2023, Dominion Energy entered into an agreement for the sale 
of a corporate office building for total cash consideration of 
$40 million. The corporate office building is reflected in the 
Corporate and Other segment and was presented as held for sale 
in Dominion Energy’s Consolidated Balance Sheets at 
December 31, 2023. In the second quarter of 2024, Dominion 
Energy recorded a charge of $17 million ($12 million after-tax) in 
impairment of assets and other charges in its Consolidated State-
ments of Income to adjust the corporate office building down to 
its estimated fair value, using a market approach, of $23 million. 
The valuation is considered a Level 3 fair value measurement as it 
is based on unobservable inputs due to limited comparable mar-
ket activity. In the third quarter of 2024, Dominion Energy 
entered into a new agreement to sell the corporate office building, 
118 

which closed in December 2024 for $19 million, and recorded an 
inconsequential loss upon closing. 
In 2023, Dominion Energy recorded a charge of $93 million 
($69 million after-tax) in impairment of assets and other charges 
in its Consolidated Statements of Income to adjust a corporate 
office building down to its estimated fair value, using a market 
approach, of $35 million. The valuation is considered a Level 3 
fair value measurement as it is based on unobservable inputs due 
to limited comparable market activity. The corporate office build-
ing is reflected in the Corporate and Other segment and is pre-
sented as held for sale in Dominion Energy’s Consolidated 
Balance Sheets at December 31, 2023. Dominion Energy com-
pleted the sale in July 2024. 
Nonregulated Renewable Natural Gas Facilities 
Dominion Energy recorded impairment charges of $33 million 
($25 million after-tax) and $27 million ($21 million after-tax) in 
the second and third quarters of 2024, respectively, in impair-
ment of assets and other charges in the Consolidated Statements 
of Income reflected in the Corporate and Other segment, to write 
down the long-lived assets of certain nonregulated renewable 
natural gas facilities under development to their estimated fair 
values which were each less than $1 million. The fair values were 
estimated using an income approach. The valuations are consid-
ered Level 3 fair value measurements due to the use of significant 
judgmental and unobservable inputs, including projected timing 
and amount of future cash flows and discount rates reflecting risks 
inherent in future cash flows and market prices. 
Sale of Utility Property 
In 2023, Dominion Energy completed the sales of certain utility 
property in South Carolina, as approved by the South Carolina 
Commission in February 2023, for total cash consideration of 
$12 million. In connection with the sales, Dominion Energy 
recognized a gain of $11 million ($8 million after-tax), recorded 
in losses (gains) on sales of assets, in its Consolidated Statements 
of Income (reflected in the Corporate and Other segment) for the 
year ended December 31, 2023. 
In 2022, Dominion Energy completed the sales of certain 
utility property in South Carolina, as approved by the South 
Carolina Commission, for total cash consideration of 
$20 million. In connection with the sales, Dominion Energy 
recognized a gain of $20 million ($15 million after-tax), recorded 
in losses (gains) on sales of assets, in its Consolidated Statements 
of Income (reflected in Dominion Energy South Carolina) for the 
year ended December 31, 2022. 
NOTE 11. GOODWILL AND INTANGIBLE ASSETS 
Goodwill 
The changes in Dominion Energy’s carrying amount and segment allocation of goodwill are presented below: 
Dominion 
Energy 
Virginia 
Dominion 
Energy 
South 
Carolina 
Contracted 
Energy 
Corporate 
and 
Other 
Total 
(millions) 
 
 
 
Dominion Energy 
 
 
Balance at December 31, 2022(1) 
$2,106 
$1,521 
$516 
$— 
$4,143 
No events affecting goodwill 
— 
— 
— 
— 
— 
Balance at December 31, 2023(1) 
$2,106 
$1,521 
$516 
$— 
$4,143 
No events affecting goodwill 
— 
— 
— 
— 
— 
Balance at December 31, 2024(1) 
$2,106 
$1,521 
$516 
$— 
$4,143 
(1) Goodwill amounts do not contain any accumulated impairment losses. 
Other Intangible Assets 
The Companies’ other intangible assets are subject to amortization over their estimated useful lives. Dominion Energy’s amortization 
expense for software, licenses and other intangible assets was $87 million, $160 million and $103 million for the years ended 
December 31, 2024, 2023 and 2022, respectively. In 2024, Dominion Energy acquired $675 million of intangible assets, primarily repre-
senting renewable energy credits and software, with an estimated weighted-average amortization period of approximately 7 years. Amor-
tization expense for Virginia Power’s software, licenses and other intangible assets was $51 million, $123 million and $67 million for the 
years ended December 31, 2024, 2023 and 2022, respectively. In 2024, Virginia Power acquired $605 million of intangible assets, primar-
ily representing renewable energy credits and software, with an estimated weighted-average amortization period of 6 years. 
119 

Combined Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements, Continued 
The components of intangible assets are as follows: 
2024 
2023 
At December 31, 
Gross 
Carrying 
Amount 
Accumulated 
Amortization 
Gross 
Carrying 
Amount 
Accumulated 
Amortization 
(millions) 
Dominion Energy 
Software, licenses and other 
$1,645 
$708 
$1,477 
$627 
Renewable energy credits and RGGI allowances(1) 
199 
— 
708 
613 
Virginia Power 
Software, licenses and other 
$ 911 
$291 
$ 802 
$243 
Renewable energy credits and RGGI allowances(1) 
198 
— 
707 
613 
(1) Includes $370 million and $209 million of renewable energy credits consumed and retired in 2024 and 2023, respectively. In addition, balances at 
December 31, 2023 includes $613 million of RGGI allowances consumed, including $198 million purchased and consumed in 2023, all of which were 
retired in 2024. All amounts for renewable energy credits and RGGI allowances were deferred to regulatory assets upon consumption. 
Annual amortization expense for intangible assets, excluding renewable energy credits and RGGI allowances which are deferred to regu-
latory assets, is estimated to be as follows: 
2025 
2026 
2027 
2028 
2029 
(millions) 
Dominion Energy 
$84 
$75 
$64 
$51 
$39 
Virginia Power 
$54 
$49 
$43 
$33 
$26 
120 

NOTE 12. REGULATORY ASSETS AND LIABILITIES 
Regulatory assets and liabilities include the following: 
Dominion Energy 
Virginia Power 
At December 31, 
2024 
2023 
2024 
2023 
(millions) 
 
Dominion Energy 
Regulatory assets: 
 
 
Deferred cost of fuel used in electric 
generation(1) 
$ 
38 $ 245 $ 
3 $ 
95 
Securitized cost of fuel used in electric 
generation(2) 
124 
— 
124 
— 
Deferred rider costs for Virginia electric 
utility(3) 
293 
270 
293 
270 
Ash pond and landfill closure costs(4) 
108 
200 
108 
200 
Deferred nuclear refueling outage costs(5) 
97 
63 
80 
63 
NND Project costs(6) 
138 
138 
Derivatives(7) 
8 
162 
6 
160 
Other 
186 
231 
83 
80 
Regulatory assets-current 
992 1,309 
697 
868 
Unrecognized pension and other 
postretirement benefit costs(8) 
486 1,036 
— 
— 
Deferred rider costs for Virginia electric 
utility(3) 
651 
496 
651 
496 
Interest rate hedges(9) 
167 
168 
— 
— 
AROs and related funding(10) 
387 
379 
NND Project costs(6) 
1,811 1,949 
CCR remediation, ash pond and landfill 
closure costs(4) 
2,898 2,410 2,560 2,407 
Deferred cost of fuel used in electric 
generation(1) 
— 1,221 
— 1,221 
Securitized cost of fuel used in electric 
generation(2) 
1,040 
— 1,040 
— 
Derivatives(7) 
182 
107 
148 
66 
Other 
666 
590 
138 
127 
Regulatory assets-noncurrent 
8,288 8,356 4,537 4,317 
Total regulatory assets 
$9,280 $9,665 $5,234 $5,185 
Regulatory liabilities: 
 
 
Deferred cost of fuel used in electric 
generation(1) 
92 
— 
92 
— 
Provision for future cost of removal and 
AROs(11) 
119 
118 
119 
118 
Reserve for rate credits to electric utility 
customers(12) 
73 
83 
— 
— 
Income taxes refundable through future 
rates(13) 
88 
107 
64 
70 
Monetization of guarantee settlement(14) 
67 
67 
Derivatives(7) 
51 
7 
30 
— 
Other 
89 
140 
80 
133 
Regulatory liabilities-current 
579 
522 
385 
321 
Income taxes refundable through future 
rates(13) 
2,988 3,076 2,168 2,237 
Provision for future cost of removal and 
AROs(11) 
1,809 1,818 1,210 1,185 
Nuclear decommissioning trust(15) 
2,550 2,098 2,550 2,098 
Monetization of guarantee settlement(14) 
568 
635 
Interest rate hedges(9) 
406 
233 
406 
233 
Reserve for rate credits to electric utility 
customers(12) 
161 
237 
— 
— 
Overrecovered other postretirement 
benefit costs(16) 
183 
155 
Derivatives(7) 
248 
136 
25 
— 
Other 
283 
286 
215 
225 
Regulatory liabilities-noncurrent 
9,196 8,674 6,574 5,978 
Total regulatory liabilities 
$9,775 $9,196 $6,959 $6,299 
(1) Reflects deferred fuel expenses for the Virginia and North Carolina juris-
dictions of Virginia Power’s electric generation operations. Additionally, 
Dominion Energy includes deferred fuel expenses for the South Carolina 
jurisdiction of its electric generation operations. In February 2024, Vir-
ginia Power completed a securitization of $1.3 billion of under-
recovered fuel costs for its Virginia service territory. See Notes 13 and 18 
for additional information. 
(2) Reflects under-recovered fuel costs for Virginia Power’s Virginia service 
territory securitized through the issuance of bonds by VPFS in February 
2024. See Notes 13, 16 and 18 for additional information. 
(3) Reflects deferrals under Virginia Power’s electric transmission FERC 
formula rate and the deferral of costs associated with certain current and 
prospective rider projects. In 2023, Virginia Power recorded a charge of 
$36 million ($27 million after-tax), included in impairment of assets 
and other charges in its Consolidated Statements of Income (reflected in 
the Corporate and Other segment), for the write-off of certain previously 
deferred amounts related to Riders R, S and W in connection with the 
cessation of such riders effective July 2023. See Note 13 for additional 
information. 
(4) Primarily reflects legislation in Virginia which requires any CCR asset 
located at certain Virginia Power stations to be closed by removing the 
CCR to an approved landfill or through beneficial reuse. These deferred 
costs are expected to be collected over a period between 15 and 18 years 
commencing December 2021 through Rider CCR. Virginia Power is 
entitled to collect carrying costs on uncollected expenditures once 
expenditures have been made. In addition, the balance at December 31, 
2024 reflects amounts related to the EPA’s May 2024 final rule concern-
ing CCR as discussed in Note 14. 
(5) Primarily reflects deferred operation and maintenance costs at Virginia 
Power incurred in connection with the refueling of any nuclear-powered 
generating plant as required by Virginia legislation. Virginia Power 
deferred costs will be amortized over the refueling cycle, not to exceed 
18 months. 
(6) Reflects expenditures by DESC associated with the NND Project, which 
pursuant to the SCANA Merger Approval Order, will be recovered from 
DESC electric service customers over a 20-year period ending in 2039. 
(7) Represents changes in the fair value of derivatives, excluding separately 
presented interest rate hedges, that following settlement are expected to be 
recovered from or refunded to customers. 
(8) Represents unrecognized pension and other postretirement employee 
benefit costs expected to be recovered or refunded through future rates 
generally over the expected remaining service period of plan participants 
by certain of Dominion Energy’s rate-regulated subsidiaries. Includes 
regulatory assets of $215 million and regulatory liabilities of $12 million 
in aggregate at December 31, 2023 related to retained pension and other 
postretirement benefit plan assets and obligations for the East Ohio, 
Questar Gas and PSNC Transactions which were reclassified to into 
other income (expense) in the Consolidated Statement of Income upon 
closing of each transaction. 
(9) Reflects interest rate hedges recoverable from or refundable to customers. 
Certain of these instruments are settled and any related payments are 
being amortized into interest expense over the life of the related debt, 
which has a weighted-average useful life of approximately 25 years and 
24 years for Dominion Energy and Virginia Power, respectively, as of 
December 31, 2024. 
(10) Represents uncollected costs, including deferred depreciation and accre-
tion expense, related to legal obligations associated with the future 
retirement of generation, transmission and distribution properties. The 
AROs primarily relate to DESC’s electric generating facilities, including 
Summer, and are expected to be recovered over the related property lives 
and periods of decommissioning which may range up to approximately 
105 years. 
(11) Rates charged to customers by Dominion Energy and Virginia Power’s 
regulated businesses include a provision for the cost of future activities to 
remove assets that are expected to be incurred at the time of retirement. 
(12) Reflects amounts previously collected from retail electric customers of 
DESC for the NND Project to be credited over an estimated 11-year 
period effective February 2019, in connection with the SCANA Merger 
Approval Order. 
(13) Amounts recorded to pass the effect of reduced income taxes from the 
2017 Tax Reform Act to customers in future periods, which will primar-
ily reverse at the weighted-average tax rate that was used to build the 
reserves over the remaining book life of the property, net of amounts to be 
recovered through future rates to pay income taxes that become payable 
when rate revenue is provided to recover AFUDC equity. 
(14) Reflects amounts to be refunded to DESC electric service customers 
over a 20-year period ending in 2039 associated with the monetization 
of a bankruptcy settlement agreement. 
(15) Primarily reflects a regulatory liability representing amounts collected 
from Virginia jurisdictional customers and placed in external trusts 
(including income, losses and changes in fair value thereon, as 
121 

Combined Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements, Continued 
applicable) for the future decommissioning of Virginia Power’s utility 
nuclear generation stations, in excess of the related AROs. 
(16) Reflects a regulatory liability for the collection of postretirement benefit 
costs allowed in rates in excess of expense incurred. 
At December 31, 2024, Dominion Energy and Virginia 
Power regulatory assets include $6.1 billion and $4.5 billion, 
respectively, on which they do not expect to earn a return during 
the applicable recovery period. With the exception of certain 
items discussed above, the majority of these expenditures are 
expected to be recovered within the next two years. 
NOTE 13. REGULATORY MATTERS 
Regulatory Matters Involving Potential Loss Contingencies 
As a result of issues generated in the ordinary course of business, 
the Companies are involved in various regulatory matters. Certain 
regulatory matters may ultimately result in a loss; however, as 
such matters are in an initial procedural phase, involve 
uncertainty as to the outcome of pending reviews or orders and/or 
involve significant factual issues that need to be resolved, it is not 
possible for the Companies to estimate a range of possible loss. 
For regulatory matters that the Companies cannot estimate, a 
statement to this effect is made in the description of the matter. 
Other matters may have progressed sufficiently through the regu-
latory process such that the Companies are able to estimate a 
range of possible loss. For regulatory matters that the Companies 
are able to reasonably estimate a range of possible losses, an esti-
mated range of possible loss is provided, in excess of the accrued 
liability (if any) for such matters. Any estimated range is based on 
currently available information, involves elements of judgment 
and significant uncertainties and may not represent the Compa-
nies’ maximum possible loss exposure. The circumstances of such 
regulatory matters will change from time to time and actual 
results may vary significantly from the current estimate. For cur-
rent matters not specifically reported below, management does 
not anticipate that the outcome from such matters would have a 
material effect on the Companies’ financial position, liquidity or 
results of operations. 
Other Regulatory Matters 
VIRGINIA REGULATION – KEY LEGISLATION AFFECTING 
OPERATIONS 
Regulation Act and Grid Transformation and Security Act of 2018 
The Regulation Act enacted in 2007 instituted a cost-of-service 
rate model that authorizes stand-alone rate adjustment clauses for 
recovery of costs for new generation projects, FERC-approved 
transmission costs, underground distribution lines, environmental 
compliance, conservation and energy efficiency programs, renew-
able energy programs and nuclear license renewals, and also con-
tains statutory provisions directing Virginia Power to file annual 
fuel cost recovery cases with the Virginia Commission. 
If the Virginia Commission’s future rate decisions, including 
actions relating to Virginia Power’s rate adjustment clause filings, 
differ materially from Virginia Power’s expectations, it may 
adversely affect its results of operations, financial condition and 
cash flows. 
The GTSA reinstated base rate reviews commencing with the 
2021 Triennial Review. In the triennial review proceedings, earn-
ings that were more than 70 basis points above the utility’s 
authorized ROE that might have been refunded to customers and 
served as the basis for a reduction in future rates, could be 
reduced by Virginia Commission-approved investment amounts 
in qualifying solar or wind generation facilities or electric dis-
tribution grid transformation projects that Virginia Power elected 
to include in a CCRO. The legislation declared that electric dis-
tribution grid transformation projects are in the public interest 
and provided that the costs of such projects may be recovered 
through a rate adjustment clause if not the subject of a CCRO. 
Any costs that were the subject of a CCRO were deemed recov-
ered in base rates during the triennial period under review and 
could not be included in base rates in future triennial review 
proceedings. In any triennial review in which the Virginia Com-
mission determined that the utility’s earnings were more than 
70 basis points above its authorized ROE, base rates were subject 
to reduction prospectively and customer refunds would be due 
unless the total CCRO elected by the utility equaled or exceeded 
the amount of earnings in excess of the 70 basis points. For the 
purposes of measuring any customer refunds or CCRO amounts 
utilized under the GTSA, associated income taxes were factored 
into the determination of such amounts. In the 2021 Triennial 
Review, any such rate reduction was limited to $50 million. This 
section of the GTSA concerning base rate reviews was amended 
by 2023 legislation as discussed below. 
Virginia 2020 Legislation 
In April 2020, the Governor of Virginia signed into law the 
VCEA, which along with related legislation forms a compre-
hensive framework affecting Virginia Power’s operations. The 
VCEA replaces Virginia’s voluntary renewable energy portfolio 
standard for Virginia Power with a mandatory program setting 
annual renewable energy portfolio standard requirements based 
on the percentage of total electric energy sold by Virginia Power, 
excluding existing nuclear generation and certain new carbon-free 
resources, reaching 100% by the end of 2045. The VCEA 
includes related requirements concerning deployment of wind, 
solar and energy storage resources, as well as provides for certain 
measures to increase net-metering, including an allocation for 
low-income customers, incentivizes energy efficiency programs 
and provides for cost recovery related to participation in a carbon 
trading program. While the legislation affects several portions of 
Virginia Power’s operations, key provisions of the GTSA 
remained in effect, including the triennial review structure and 
timing, the use of the CCRO and the $50 million cap on revenue 
reductions in the first triennial review proceeding. Key provisions 
of the VCEA and related legislation passed include the following: 
• 
Fossil Fuel Electric Generation: The legislation mandates Ches-
terfield Power Station Units 5 & 6 and Yorktown Power Sta-
tion Unit 3 to be retired by the end of 2024, Altavista, 
Southampton and Hopewell to be retired by the end of 2028 
and Virginia Power’s remaining fossil fuel units to be retired 
by the end of 2045, unless the retirement of such generating 
units will compromise grid reliability or security. In addition, 
the Virginia Commission shall determine the amortization 
period for recovery of any appropriate costs due to the early 
retirement of any electric generation facilities. Virginia Power 
122 

revised the depreciable lives of Altavista, Southampton and 
Hopewell for the mandated retirement to the end of 2028, 
which did not have a material impact to Virginia Power’s 
results of operations or cash flows given the existing regulatory 
framework. This section of the VCEA concerning mandatory 
retirements of certain facilities by the end of 2028 was 
amended by 2023 legislation as discussed below. As a result, 
in November 2023 Virginia Power revised the depreciable 
lives of Altavista, Southampton and Hopewell and 
implemented useful life assumptions that were effective before 
the previous revision. 
• 
Renewable Generation: The legislation provides a detailed 
renewable energy portfolio standard to achieve 100% zero-
carbon generation by the end of 2045, excluding existing 
nuclear generation and certain new carbon-free resources. 
Components include requirements to petition the Virginia 
Commission for approval to construct or acquire new generat-
ing capacity to reach 16.1 GW of installed solar and onshore 
wind by the end of 2035, which includes specific require-
ments for utility-scale solar of 3.0 GW by the end of 2024, up 
to 15.0 GW by the end of 2035 and 1.1 GW of small-scale 
solar by the end of 2035. The legislation deems 2.7 GW of 
energy storage, including up to 800 MW for any one project 
which may include a pumped storage facility, by the end of 
2035 to be in the public interest. The legislation also deems 
the construction or purchase of an offshore wind facility con-
structed off the Virginia coast with a capacity of up to 
5.2 GW before 2035 to be in the public interest and provides 
certain presumptions facilitating cost recovery. The costs of 
such a facility constructed by the utility with a capacity 
between 2.5 and 3.0 GW will be presumed reasonably and 
prudently incurred if the Virginia Commission finds that the 
project meets competitive procurement requirements, the 
projected cost of the facility does not exceed a specified 
industry benchmark and the utility commences construction 
by the end of 2023 or has a plan for the facility to be in serv-
ice by the end of 2027. Projects to meet these requirements 
are subject to approval by the Virginia Commission. 
• 
Energy Efficiency: The legislation includes an energy efficiency 
target of 5% energy savings, as measured from a 2019 base-
line, through verifiable energy efficiency programs by the end 
of 2025 with future targets to be set by the Virginia Commis-
sion. Virginia Power has the opportunity to offset the lost 
revenues with margins on program spend if certain targets are 
achieved and can also seek recovery of the lost revenues asso-
ciated with energy efficiency programs if such reductions are 
found to have caused Virginia Power to earn more than 
50 basis points below a fair rate of return on its rates for gen-
eration and distribution services. 
• 
Carbon trading program: The legislation authorizes Virginia to 
participate in a market-based carbon trading program con-
sistent with RGGI through 2050. In January 2022, the 
Governor of Virginia issued an executive order which put 
directives in place to start administrative steps to withdraw 
Virginia from RGGI. In December 2023, the withdrawal 
took effect, which remains subject to ongoing legal challenges. 
All costs of the carbon trading program are recoverable 
through an environmental rider. 
• 
Low-income customers: The legislation includes the establish-
ment of a percentage of income payment program to be 
administered by the Virginia Department of Housing and 
Community Development and the Virginia Department of 
Social Services. To fund the program, Virginia Power will 
remit amounts collected from customers under a universal 
service fee established and set by the Virginia Commission. As 
such, this program will not affect Virginia Power’s results of 
operations, financial position or cash flows. In December 
2020, the Virginia Commission issued a final order confirm-
ing a revenue requirement of $93 million related to this pro-
gram. Implementation details and the effective date of the 
program would be established in future legislation prior to 
collection of fees from customers. In October 2023, the Vir-
ginia Commission approved the collection by Virginia Power 
of a universal service fee of $71 million from customers dur-
ing the rate year beginning November 2023, including the 
impact on certain non-jurisdictional customers which follow 
Virginia Power’s jurisdictional customer rate methodology. 
Virginia 2023 Legislation 
In April 2023, legislation was enacted that amended several key 
provisions of the Regulation Act, as previously amended by the 
GTSA, and revised portions of the existing regulatory framework 
affecting Virginia Power’s operations. 
The legislation resets the frequency of base rate reviews from a 
triennial period, as established under the GTSA, to a biennial 
period commencing with the 2023 Biennial Review. Such bien-
nial reviews shall include the establishment of an authorized ROE 
to be utilized for base rates and riders, prospective base rates for 
the upcoming two-year period based on projected cost of service 
and a determination by the Virginia Commission as to Virginia 
Power’s base rate earned return for the most recently completed 
two-year period against the previously authorized ROE, including 
any potential credits to customers’ bills. 
The legislation provides that the Virginia Commission will 
establish an authorized ROE of 9.70% for Virginia Power in the 
2023 Biennial Review, reflecting the average authorized ROE of 
vertically integrated electric utilities by the applicable regulatory 
commissions in the peer group jurisdictions of Florida, Georgia, 
Texas, Tennessee, West Virginia, Kentucky and North Carolina. 
Subsequent to the 2023 Biennial Review, all provisions related to 
this peer group benchmarking expire and the Virginia Commis-
sion is authorized to utilize any methodology it deems to be con-
sistent with the public interest to make future ROE 
determinations. In all future biennial reviews, if the Virginia 
Commission determines that Virginia Power’s existing base rates 
will, on a going-forward basis, produce revenues that are either in 
excess of or below its authorized rate of return, the Virginia 
Commission is authorized to reduce or increase such base rates, as 
applicable and necessary, to ensure that Virginia Power’s base 
rates are just and reasonable while still allowing Virginia Power to 
recover its costs and earn a fair rate of return. In addition, begin-
ning with the biennial review to be filed in 2025, the Virginia 
Commission may, at its discretion, increase or decrease Virginia 
Power’s authorized ROE by up to 50 basis points based on factors 
that may include reliability, generating plant performance, cus-
tomer service and operating efficiency, with the provisions apply-
ing to such adjustments to be determined in a future proceeding. 
123 

Combined Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements, Continued 
The legislation directs that if the Virginia Commission 
determines as part of the 2023 Biennial Review that Virginia 
Power has earned more than 70 basis points above its authorized 
ROE of 9.35% established in the 2021 Triennial Review that 
85% of the amount of such earnings above this level be credited 
to customers’ bills. In future biennial reviews, beginning with the 
biennial review to be filed in 2025, 85% of any earnings 
determined by the Virginia Commission to be up to 150 basis 
points above Virginia Power’s authorized ROE shall be credited 
to customers’ bills as well as 100% of any earnings that are more 
than 150 basis points above Virginia Power’s authorized ROE. 
For the purposes of measuring any bill credits due to customers, 
associated income taxes are factored into the determination of 
such amounts. In addition, the legislation eliminates Virginia 
Power’s ability to utilize Virginia Commission-approved invest-
ment amounts in qualifying solar or wind generation facilities or 
electric distribution grid transformation projects as a CCRO to 
reduce or offset any earnings otherwise eligible for customer cred-
its as previously permitted under the GTSA. 
In addition to the biennial review mechanisms discussed 
above, the legislation also includes provisions related to other 
aspects of Virginia Power’s ratemaking framework. 
• 
Riders into base rates: Virginia Power is required to combine 
certain riders with an aggregate annual revenue requirement 
of at least $350 million with its base rates effective July 2023. 
After such riders are combined, they will be considered as part 
of base rates for the purposes of the biennial review proceed-
ings. The inclusion of such riders cannot serve as the basis for 
an increase in base rates as part of the 2023 Biennial Review.  
• 
Rider consolidation: Upon determination by the Virginia 
Commission, certain riders, while remaining separate from 
base rates, may be consolidated for cost recovery and review 
purposes.  
• 
Capitalization ratio: The legislation establishes that Virginia 
Power is required to undertake reasonable efforts to maintain 
a common equity capitalization to total capitalization ratio 
through December 2024 of 52.10%. 
• 
Fuel cost securitization: Virginia Power is authorized, on or 
before July 2024, to petition the Virginia Commission for 
approval of a financing order for certain deferred fuel costs. 
Virginia Power is required to permit certain retail customers 
to opt out of any such deferred fuel cost securitization.  
• 
Electric generation plant retirements: The Virginia Commis-
sion shall provide to the Virginia General Assembly, on an 
annual basis, a report that includes information concerning 
the reliability impacts of generation unit additions and 
retirement determinations, along with the potential impact on 
the purchase of power from generation assets outside of the 
Virginia jurisdiction, the result of which could impact the 
depreciable lives of Virginia Power’s electric generation facili-
ties in future periods.  
In addition, in May 2023 legislation was enacted that 
amended certain portions of the VCEA to qualify generation 
produced by Virginia Power’s biomass electric generating stations 
as renewable energy and eliminate the mandated retirement of 
such facilities by the end of 2028. 
Virginia Power is incurring and expects to incur significant 
costs, including capital expenditures, to comply with the 
legislative requirements discussed above. The legislation allows for 
cost recovery under the existing or modified regulatory framework 
through rate adjustment clauses, rates for generation and dis-
tribution services or Virginia Power’s fuel factor, as approved by 
the Virginia Commission. Costs allocated to the North Carolina 
jurisdiction will be recovered, subject to approval by the North 
Carolina Commission, in accordance with the existing regulatory 
framework. 
VIRGINIA REGULATION – KEY DEVELOPMENTS 
2023 Biennial Review 
In July 2023, Virginia Power filed its base rate case and accom-
panying schedules in support of the 2023 Biennial Review in 
accordance with legislation enacted in Virginia in April 2023 as 
discussed above. Virginia Power’s earnings test analysis, as filed, 
demonstrated it earned a combined ROE of 9.04% on its gen-
eration and distribution services for the test period, within 
70 basis points of its authorized ROE of 9.35% established in the 
2021 Triennial Review. Virginia Power did not request an 
increase in base rates for generation and distribution services and 
proposed that base rates remain at their existing level utilizing an 
ROE of 9.70% for the prospective test periods and a common 
equity capitalization to total capitalization ratio of 52.10%. 
Virginia Power noted that while its prospective test periods would 
result in a revenue deficiency, it did not request an increase to 
base rates given that the combination of certain riders with an 
aggregate annual revenue requirement of at least $350 million 
into base rates effective July 2023 cannot serve as the basis for an 
increase in base rates as part of the 2023 Biennial Review. 
In November 2023, Virginia Power, the Virginia Commis-
sion staff and other parties filed a comprehensive settlement 
agreement with the Virginia Commission for approval. The 
comprehensive settlement agreement indicates that Virginia 
Power demonstrated it earned a combined ROE of 9.05% on its 
generation and distribution services for the test period, requires 
previously unrecovered severe weather event costs of $45 million 
to be recovered through base rates during the 2023-2024 biennial 
period, with carrying costs, and provides for $15 million in one-
time credits to customers by September 2024. 
In February 2024, the Virginia Commission approved the 
comprehensive settlement agreement and issued its order in this 
matter. In doing so, the Virginia Commission determined that 
Virginia Power’s earnings for the test period, considered as a 
whole, were within 70 basis points above or below its authorized 
ROE of 9.35%. The Virginia Commission also authorized an 
ROE of 9.70%, as directed by legislation enacted in Virginia in 
April 2023, for Virginia Power that will be applied to Virginia 
Power’s riders prospectively and that will also be utilized to meas-
ure base rate earnings for the 2025 Biennial Review. In con-
nection with the order, Virginia Power recorded a net benefit of 
$17 million ($12 million after-tax) in the first quarter of 2024 
within impairment of assets and other charges in its Consolidated 
Statements of Income (reflected in the Corporate and Other 
segment) for a regulatory asset for previously unrecovered severe 
weather event costs, which were amortized by the end of 2024. 
Virginia Fuel Expenses 
In May 2023, Virginia Power filed its annual fuel factor filing 
with the Virginia Commission to recover an estimated 
124 

$2.3 billion in Virginia jurisdictional projected fuel expense for 
the rate year beginning July 1, 2023 and a projected $1.3 billion 
under-recovered balance as of June 30, 2023. Virginia Power 
proposed two alternatives to recover these under-collected fuel 
costs, including an option based on an anticipated securitization 
of up to $1.3 billion under-recovered balance as of June 30, 2023 
as permitted under legislation enacted in Virginia in April 2023, 
with such securitization approved by the Virginia Commission in 
November 2023 and completed by Virginia Power in February 
2024. In March 2024, the Virginia Commission approved 
Virginia Power’s annual fuel factor based on the securitization 
option, which results in a net decrease in Virginia Power’s fuel 
revenues for the rate year of approximately $541 million. In addi-
tion, the Virginia Commission approved Virginia Power’s pro-
posal to alter the order in which revenue from certain customers 
who elect to pay market-based rates would be allocated between 
base rates and fuel, which results in a reduction to fuel revenue of 
$13 million. 
In May 2024, Virginia Power filed its annual fuel factor with 
the Virginia Commission to recover an estimated $2.2 billion in 
Virginia jurisdictional projected fuel expenses for the rate year 
beginning July 1, 2024 and to return an estimated $266 million 
net over-recovered balance through June 30, 2024. Virginia 
Power’s proposed fuel rate represents a fuel revenue decrease of 
$636 million when applied to projected kilowatt-hour sales for 
the rate year beginning July 1, 2024. In May 2024, the Virginia 
Commission ordered that Virginia Power’s proposed total fuel 
factor rate be placed into effect on an interim basis for usage on 
and after July 1, 2024. In January 2025, the Virginia Commis-
sion approved the filing. 
Renewable Generation Projects 
In October 2023, Virginia Power filed a petition with the 
Virginia Commission for CPCNs to construct or acquire and 
operate four utility-scale projects totaling approximately 329 MW 
of solar generation as part of its efforts to meet the renewable 
generation development targets under the VCEA. The projects, as 
of October 2023, are expected to cost approximately $850 mil-
lion in the aggregate, excluding financing costs, and be placed 
into service between 2024 and 2026. In March 2024, the Virginia 
Commission approved the petition. 
In October 2024, Virginia Power filed a petition with the 
Virginia Commission for CPCNs to construct or acquire and 
operate two utility-scale projects totaling approximately 208 MW 
of solar generation as part of its efforts to meet the renewable 
generation development targets under the VCEA. The projects, as 
of October 2024, are expected to cost approximately $605 mil-
lion in the aggregate, excluding financing costs, and be placed 
into service between 2026 and 2028. This matter is pending. 
Virginia LNG Storage Facility 
In June 2024, Virginia Power filed a petition with the Virginia 
Commission to amend the CPCNs for Brunswick County and 
Greensville County to construct and operate an LNG production, 
storage and regasification facility and related transmission facili-
ties adjacent to Greensville County. When complete, the facility 
will store the liquefied equivalent of approximately 2.0 bcf and 
would be able to regasify approximately 25% of its storage 
capacity per day and liquefy from the pipeline less than 1% of its 
equivalent storage capacity per day. The facility will serve as a 
backup fuel source for Brunswick County and Greensville County 
to support operations and improve system reliability. The facility 
is expected to cost approximately $550 million, excluding financ-
ing costs, and be placed into service by the end of 2027. In 
February 2025, the Virginia Commission approved the petition. 
125 

Combined Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements, Continued 
Riders 
Significant riders associated with various Virginia Power projects are as follows: 
Rider Name 
Application Date 
Approval Date 
Rate Year Beginning 
Total Revenue 
Requirement 
(millions)(1) 
Increase (Decrease) 
Over Previous Year 
(millions) 
Rider BW(2)  
October 2021 
May 2022 
September 2023 
$ 120 
$ (25) 
Rider CCR 
March 2024 
November 2024 
December 2024 
103 
(91) 
Rider CE(3)  
October 2023 
March 2024 
May 2024 
133 
44 
Rider CE(4)  
October 2024 
Pending 
May 2025 
182 
49 
Rider DIST(5)  
August 2024 
Pending 
June 2025 
269 
N/A 
Rider E 
January 2024 
September 2024 
November 2024 
72 
(37) 
Rider E 
January 2025 
Pending 
November 2025 
37 
(35) 
Rider GEN(2)  
June 2024 
Pending 
April 2025 
438 
N/A 
Rider GEN 
June 2024 
Pending 
April 2026 
311 
(127) 
Rider GT(5)  
August 2023 
May 2024 
June 2024 
145 
131 
Rider GV(2)  
June 2023 
February 2024 
April 2024 
132 
5 
Rider GV(2)  
June 2023 
February 2024 
April 2025 
135 
3 
Rider OSW 
November 2023 
July 2024 
September 2024 
486 
215 
Rider OSW(6)  
November 2024 
Pending 
September 2025 
640 
154 
Rider RPS 
December 2023(12)  
August 2024 
September 2024 
358 
262 
Rider RPS 
December 2024 
Pending 
September 2025 
609 
251 
Rider SNA 
October 2023 
June 2024 
September 2024 
69 
19 
Rider SNA(7)  
October 2024 
Pending 
September 2025 
207 
138 
Rider T1(8)  
May 2024 
July 2024 
September 2024 
1,170 
291 
Rider U(5)(9)  
October 2023 
July 2024 
August 2024 
150 
76 
DSM Riders(10)  
December 2023 
July 2024 
September 2024 
86 
(21) 
DSM Riders(11)  
December 2024 
Pending 
September 2025 
97 
11 
(1) In addition, Virginia Power has various riders associated with other projects with an aggregate total annual revenue requirement of approximately 
$18 million as of December 31, 2024. There are various pending applications associated with such riders, which if approved, would result in a net increase 
of approximately $24 million. 
(2) Rider GEN includes $348 million in total revenue requirement related to the consolidation of Riders BW, GV and four other riders associated with gen-
eration facilities, ceasing the separate collection of rates under these riders effective April 1, 2025 and the extension of existing rates for Rider BW through 
March 2025. In addition, Virginia Power also requests approval to recover costs associated with the Virginia LNG Storage Facility described above. 
(3) The Virginia Commission approved four solar generation projects and 13 power purchase agreements in addition to previously approved Rider CE projects. 
In addition, the approved total revenue requirement includes amounts which had previously been collected under a separate rider. 
(4) Associated with two solar generation projects, two small-scale solar projects and 24 power purchase agreements in addition to previously approved Rider CE 
projects and power purchase agreements. 
(5) Rider DIST consists of $103 million in total revenue requirement for certain previously approved electric distribution grid transformation projects and 
$166 million for previously approved phases and proposed phase eight of certain new underground distribution facilities. If approved, would result in the 
consolidation of Riders GT and U and cease the separate collection of rates under these riders effective June 1, 2025. 
(6) Includes a proposal for Virginia Power to establish a decommissioning trust fund associated with the CVOW Commercial Project. If approved, the applicable 
amount included within the total revenue requirement would be allocated for such purposes. 
(7) Virginia Power also requested approval of cost recovery of approximately $1.7 billion through Rider SNA for the second phase of nuclear life extension pro-
gram which includes investments for calendar years 2025 through 2027. 
(8) Consists of $532 million for the transmission component of Virginia Power’s base rates and $638 million for Rider T1. 
(9) Consists of $72 million for previously approved phases and $78 million for phase seven costs for Rider U. In addition, the Virginia Commission approved 
Virginia Power’s request to extend existing rates for Rider U through July 2024. 
(10) Associated with an additional three new energy efficiency programs and one new demand response program with a $102 million cost cap, with the ability to 
exceed the cost cap by no more than 15%. 
(11) Associated with three redesigned energy efficiency programs, one new and two redesigned demand response program and one demand response pilot with a 
$222 million cost cap, with the ability to exceed the cost cap by no more than 15%. 
(12) Virginia Power amended its application in February 2024. 
In June 2024, the Virginia Commission approved Virginia Power’s request, filed in May 2024, to cease Rider RGGI effective July 2024. 
126 

Electric Transmission Projects 
Significant Virginia Power electric transmission projects approved or applied for are as follows: 
Description and Location 
of Project 
Application 
Date 
Approval 
Date 
Type of 
Line 
Miles of 
Lines 
Cost Estimate 
(millions)(1) 
Construct new Germanna substation, transmission line and related projects in 
Culpeper County, Virginia 
November 2023 
August 2024 
230 kV 
2 
$ 55 
Construct Daves Store transmission line extension in Prince William County, 
Virginia 
February 2024 
October 2024 
230 kV 
3 
70 
Construct new Aspen and Golden substations, transmission lines and related 
projects in Loudoun County, Virginia 
March 2024 
February 2025 
500-230 kV 
10 
705 
Partial rebuild Fredericksburg-Aquia Harbour transmission lines and related 
projects in Stafford County and the City of Fredericksburg, Virginia 
March 2024 
February 2025 
230-115 kV 
24 
135 
Construct new Apollo-Twin Creek transmission lines, new substations and 
related projects in Loudoun County, Virginia 
March 2024 
February 2025 
230 kV 
2 
285 
Rebuild Dooms-Harrisonburg transmission lines and related projects in the 
Counties of Augusta and Rockingham and the Town of Grottoes, Virginia 
April 2024 
February 2025 
230 kV 
22 
60 
Rebuild and construct new Fentress-Yadkin transmission lines and related 
projects in the City of Chesapeake, Virginia 
June 2024 
Pending 
500 kV 
14 
205 
Partial rebuild, reconductor and construct new Network Takeoff transmission 
lines and related projects in the Counties of Fairfax and Loudoun, Virginia 
July 2024 
Pending 
230 kV 
6 
170 
Rebuild Aquia Harbor-Possum Point transmission lines and related projects in 
the Counties of Stafford and Prince William and the City of Fredericksburg, 
Virginia 
August 2024 
Pending 
500-230 kV 
32 
210 
Partial rebuild, reconductor and construct new New Post transmission lines 
and related projects in the Counties of Caroline and Spotsylvania, Virginia 
August 2024 
Pending 
230 kV 
38 
120 
Construct new Centreport transmission line, substation and related projects in 
Stafford County, Virginia 
September 2024 
Pending 
230 kV 
3 
55 
Partial rebuild and construct new Meadowville transmission lines, substations 
and related projects in Chesterfield County, Virginia 
October 2024 
Pending 
230 kV 
11 
190 
Construct new Carmel Church and Ruther Glen transmission lines, 
substations and related projects in Caroline County, Virginia 
December 2024 
Pending 
230 kV 
7 
85 
Construct new Nebula transmission lines, substation and related projects in 
Mecklenburg County, Virginia 
January 2025 
Pending 
230 kV 
15 
130 
Construct new Culpeper Technology transmission lines, substations and 
related projects in the Counties of Culpeper, Orange and Fauquier and the 
Town of Culpeper, Virginia 
February 2025 
Pending 
230 kV 
13 
255 
(1) Represents the cost estimate included in the application except as updated in the approval if applicable. In addition, Virginia Power had various other trans-
mission projects approved during 2024 and early 2025 or applied for and currently pending approval with aggregate cost estimates of approximately 
$145 million and $65 million, respectively. 
In November 2013, the Virginia Commission issued an order 
granting Virginia Power a CPCN to construct approximately 
7 miles of new overhead 500 kV transmission line from the exist-
ing Surry switching station in Surry County to a new Skiffes 
Creek switching station in James City County, and approximately 
20 miles of new 230 kV transmission line in James City County, 
York County and the City of Newport News from the proposed 
new Skiffes Creek switching station to Virginia Power’s existing 
Whealton substation in the City of Hampton. In February 2019, 
the transmission line project was placed into service. In March 
2019, the U.S. Court of Appeals for the D.C. Circuit issued an 
order vacating the permit from the U.S. Army Corps of Engineers 
issued in July 2017 and ordered the U.S. Army Corps of 
Engineers to do a full environmental impact study of the project. 
In April 2019, Virginia Power and the U.S. Army Corps of 
Engineers filed petitions for rehearing with the U.S. Court of 
Appeals for the D.C. Circuit, asking that the permit from the 
U.S. Army Corps of Engineers remain in effect while an 
environmental impact study is performed. In May 2019, the U.S. 
Court of Appeals for the D.C. Circuit denied the request for 
rehearing and ordered the U.S. District Court for the D.C. Cir-
cuit to consider and issue a ruling on whether the permit should 
be vacated during the U.S. Army Corps of Engineers’ preparation 
of an environmental impact statement. In November 2019, the 
U.S. District Court for the D.C. Circuit issued an order allowing 
the permit to remain in effect while an environmental impact 
statement is prepared. In November 2020, the U.S. Army Corps 
of Engineers issued a draft environmental impact statement not-
ing there is no better alternative. This matter is pending. 
VIRGINIA REGULATION – KEY DEVELOPMENTS AFFECTING 
2022 
Virginia Fuel Expenses 
In May 2022, Virginia Power filed its annual fuel factor filing 
with the Virginia Commission to recover an estimated 
$2.3 billion in Virginia jurisdictional projected fuel expense for 
the rate year beginning July 1, 2022 and a projected $1.0 billion 
under-recovered balance as of June 30, 2022. Virginia Power’s 
proposed fuel rate represents a fuel revenue increase of 
$1.8 billion when applied to projected kilowatt-hour sales for that 
period. Virginia Power also proposed alternatives to recover this 
under-collected balance over a two- or three-year period. Under 
these alternatives, Virginia Power’s fuel revenues for the rate year 
would increase by $1.3 billion or $1.2 billion, respectively. In 
127 

Combined Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements, Continued 
addition, Virginia Power proposed a change in the timing of fuel 
cost recovery for certain customers who elect market-based rates 
that would consider those customers’ portion of the projected 
under-recovered balance to have been recovered as of June 30, 
2022. In July 2022, Virginia Power, the Virginia Commission 
staff and another party filed a comprehensive settlement agree­
ment with the Virginia Commission for approval. The compre­
hensive settlement agreement provides for the collection of the 
requested under-recovered projected fuel expense over a three-year 
period beginning July 1, 2022 and that Virginia Power will 
exclude from recovery through base rates one half of the related 
financing costs over the three-year period. In addition, the pro­
posed settlement agreement affirmed Virginia Power’s proposal 
regarding fuel cost recovery for market-based rate customers. As a 
result, Virginia Power recorded a $191 million ($142 million 
after-tax) charge in the second quarter of 2022 within impairment 
of assets and other charges in its Consolidated Statement of 
Income (reflected in the Corporate and Other segment). In 
September 2022, the Virginia Commission approved the 
comprehensive settlement agreement. 
Rider RGGI 
In May 2022, Virginia Power filed a petition with the Virginia 
Commission requesting suspension of Rider RGGI approved in 
August 2021. Virginia Power also requested that RGGI com-
pliance costs incurred and unrecovered through July 2022 be 
recovered through existing base rates in effect during the period 
incurred. The Virginia Commission approved the request in June 
2022. In the second quarter of 2022, Virginia Power recorded a 
charge of $180 million ($134 million after-tax) in impairment of 
assets and other charges (reflected in the Corporate and Other 
segment) for the amount deemed recovered through base rates 
through June 30, 2022, including the impact of certain non-
jurisdictional customers which follow Virginia Power’s jurisdic-
tional rate methodology. Virginia Power recorded $33 million 
($25 million after-tax) in depreciation and amortization in the 
third quarter of 2022. 
NORTH CAROLINA REGULATION 
Virginia Power Base Rate Case 
In March 2024, Virginia Power filed its base rate case and sched-
ules with the North Carolina Commission. Virginia Power pro-
posed a non-fuel, base rate increase of $57 million effective 
November 1, 2024 on an interim basis subject to refund, with 
any permanent rates ordered by the North Carolina Commission 
effective February 1, 2025. The base rate increase was proposed to 
recover the significant investments in generation, transmission 
and distribution infrastructure for the benefit of North Carolina 
customers. Virginia Power presented an earned return of 5.01% 
based upon a fully-adjusted test period, compared to its 
authorized 9.75% return, and proposed a 10.60% ROE. 
In October 2024, Virginia Power, the North Carolina public 
staff and other parties of record filed a settlement agreement with 
the North Carolina Commission for approval. The settlement 
agreement provides for a non-fuel, base rate increase of 
$37 million effective November 1, 2024 on an interim basis 
subject to refund, with any permanent rates ordered by the North 
Carolina Commission effective February 1, 2025, and an 
authorized ROE of 9.95%. In addition, the settlement agreement 
provides that Virginia Power may file with the North Carolina 
Commission an application for an annual rider to seek recovery of 
incurred North Carolina jurisdictional CCR expenses, with the 
first such rider, if approved by the North Carolina Commission, 
covering costs for the period July 1, 2024 through December 31, 
2024. In January 2025, the North Carolina Commission 
approved the settlement agreement. 
In February 2025, the North Carolina Commission approved 
Virginia Power’s request to recover $6 million in CCR expenses 
through a CCR rider on an interim basis, with rates effective 
March 2025. 
Virginia Power Fuel Filing 
In August 2024, Virginia Power submitted its annual filing to the 
North Carolina Commission to adjust the fuel component of its 
electric rates. As subsequently updated in October 2024, Virginia 
Power proposed a total $107 million decrease to the fuel compo-
nent of its electric rates for the rate year beginning February 1, 
2025. In addition, Virginia Power proposed the implementation 
of a three-month decrement rider effective November 1, 2024 to 
reduce the over-recovery of the fuel component of its electric rates 
during the current rate year. In January 2025, the North Carolina 
Commission approved the filing. 
PSNC Customer Usage Tracker 
PSNC utilizes a customer usage tracker, a decoupling mechanism, 
which allows it to adjust its base rates semi-annually for resi-
dential and commercial customers based on average per customer 
consumption. In March 2024, PSNC submitted a filing with the 
North Carolina Commission for a $31 million decrease relating 
to the customer usage tracker. The North Carolina Commission 
approved the filing in March 2024 with rates effective April 2024. 
SOUTH CAROLINA REGULATION 
Electric Base Rate Case 
In March 2024, DESC filed its retail electric base rate case and 
schedules with the South Carolina Commission. DESC proposed 
a non-fuel, base rate increase of $295 million, partially offset by a 
net decrease in storm damage and DSM components of $4 mil-
lion. If approved, the overall proposed rate increase of $291 mil-
lion, or 12.59%, would be effective on and after the first billing 
cycle of September 2024. The base rate increase was proposed to 
recover the significant investment in assets and operating 
resources required to serve an expanding customer base, maintain 
the safety, reliability and efficiency of DESC’s system and meet 
increasingly stringent reliability, security and environmental 
requirements for the benefit of South Carolina customers. DESC 
presented an earned ROE of 4.32% based upon a fully-adjusted 
test period. The proposed rates would provide for an earned ROE 
of 10.60% compared to the currently authorized ROE of 9.50%. 
In July 2024, DESC, the South Carolina Office of Regulatory 
Staff and other parties of record filed a comprehensive settlement 
agreement with the South Carolina Commission for approval. 
The comprehensive settlement agreement provides for a non-fuel, 
base rate increase of $219 million prior to the effect of South 
Carolina Commission-ordered DSM reductions commencing 
with service rendered on September 1, 2024 and an authorized 
ROE of 9.94%. In addition, the comprehensive settlement 
agreement includes that DESC would provide a one-time bill 
128 

credit in 2024 of approximately $7 million primarily to 
residential customers. In August 2024, the South Carolina 
Commission voted to approve the settlement agreement. 
In connection with this matter, in the third quarter of 2024 
Dominion Energy recorded a charge of $58 million ($44 million 
after tax) (reflected within the Corporate and Other segment), 
including $50 million to write down certain materials and sup-
plies inventory presented within impairment of assets and other 
charges. 
Cost of Fuel 
DESC’s retail electric rates include a cost of fuel component 
approved by the South Carolina Commission which may be 
adjusted periodically to reflect changes in the price of fuel pur-
chased by DESC. In February 2024, DESC filed with the South 
Carolina Commission a proposal to decrease the total fuel cost 
component of retail electric rates. DESC’s proposed adjustment is 
designed to recover DESC’s current base fuel costs, including its 
existing under-collected balance, over the 12-month period begin-
ning with the first billing cycle of May 2024. In addition, DESC 
proposed an increase to its variable environmental and avoided 
capacity cost component. The net effect is a proposed annual 
decrease of $315 million. In March 2024, DESC, the South Caro-
lina Office of Regulatory Staff and another party of record filed a 
settlement agreement with the South Carolina Commission for 
approval to make certain adjustments to the February 2024 filing 
that would result in a net annual decrease of $316 million. In April 
2024, the South Carolina Commission voted to approve the 
settlement agreement, with rates effective May 2024. 
In February 2025, DESC filed with the South Carolina 
Commission a proposal to increase the total fuel cost component 
of retail electric rates. DESC’s proposed adjustment is designed to 
recover DESC’s current base fuel costs, including its existing 
under-collected balance, over the 12-month period beginning 
with the first billing cycle of May 2025. In addition, DESC 
proposed an increase to its variable environmental and avoided 
capacity cost component. The net effect is a proposed annual 
increase of $154 million. This matter is pending. 
Electric DSM Programs 
DESC has approval for a DSM rider through which it recovers 
expenditures related to its electric DSM programs. In January 
2024, DESC filed an application with the South Carolina 
Commission seeking approval to recover $47 million of costs and 
net lost revenues associated with these programs, along with an 
incentive to invest in such programs. DESC requested that rates 
be effective with the first billing cycle of May 2024. In April 
2024, the South Carolina Commission approved the request, 
effective with the first billing cycle of May 2024. 
In January 2025, DESC filed an application with the South 
Carolina Commission seeking approval to recover $46 million of 
costs and net lost revenues associated with these programs, along 
with an incentive to invest in such programs. DESC requested 
that rates be effective with the first billing cycle of May 2025. 
This matter is pending. 
Electric—Transmission Projects 
In March 2024, DESC filed an application with the South Caro-
lina Commission requesting approval of a CPCN to construct 
and operate the Church Creek—Charleston Transmission Line, 
comprised of a 7-mile 230 kV transmission line and associated 
facilities in Charleston County, South Carolina with an estimated 
total project cost of $40 million. In July 2024, the South Carolina 
Commission approved the application. 
In December 2024, DESC filed an application with the South 
Carolina Commission requesting approval of a CPCN to con-
struct and operate the Ritter—Yemassee Transmission Line #2, 
comprised of a 17-mile 230 kV transmission line and associated 
facilities in Colleton and Hampton Counties, South Carolina 
with an estimated total project cost of $55 million. This matter is 
pending. 
NOTE 14. ASSET RETIREMENT OBLIGATIONS 
AROs represent obligations that result from laws, statutes, con-
tracts and regulations related to the eventual retirement of certain 
of the Companies’ long-lived assets. The Companies’ AROs are 
primarily associated with the decommissioning of their nuclear 
generation facilities, ash pond and landfill closures and CCR 
remediation. 
The Companies have also identified, but not recognized, 
AROs related to the retirement of certain electric transmission 
and distribution assets located on property with easements, rights 
of way, franchises and lease agreements, Virginia Power’s hydro-
electric generation facilities and the abatement of certain asbestos 
not expected to be disturbed in the Companies’ generation facili-
ties. The Companies currently do not have sufficient information 
to estimate a reasonable range of expected retirement dates for any 
of these assets since the economic lives of these assets can be 
extended indefinitely through regular repair and maintenance and 
they currently have no plans to retire or dispose of any of these 
assets. As a result, a settlement date is not determinable for these 
assets and AROs for these assets will not be reflected in the Con-
solidated Financial Statements until sufficient information 
becomes available to determine a reasonable estimate of the fair 
value of the activities to be performed. The Companies continue 
to monitor operational and strategic developments to identify if 
sufficient information exists to reasonably estimate a retirement 
date for these assets. 
The changes to AROs during 2023 and 2024 were as follows: 
(millions) 
Dominion Energy 
Virginia Power 
AROs at December 31, 2022 
$5,427 
$4,093 
Obligations incurred during the period 
16 
9 
Obligations settled during the period 
(193) 
(169) 
Revisions in estimated cash flows(1)  
603 
564 
Accretion 
222 
156 
AROs at December 31, 2023(2)  
$6,075 
$4,653 
Obligations incurred during the period(3) 
1,126 
469 
Obligations settled during the period 
(347) 
(259) 
Revisions in estimated cash flows(4) 
300 
342 
Accretion 
272 
192 
AROs at December 31, 2024(2) 
$7,426 
$5,397 
(1) Primarily reflects revisions to future ash pond and landfill closure costs at 
certain utility generation facilities at Virginia Power as discussed below. 
In addition, Dominion Energy recorded a $48 million increase to its 
AROs to reflect a revision in the estimated cash flows following the 
approval of closure plans for a DESC generation facility previously taken 
out of service. Dominion Energy also recorded a decrease of $125 million 
to its AROs due to a revision in the timing of expected cash flows asso-
ciated with the expected approval of a 20-year useful life extension of 
Millstone Units 2 and 3. Concurrently, Dominion Energy reevaluated 
its estimated cash flows associated with Millstone Unit 1, which resulted 
129 

Combined Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements, Continued 
in an increase to its AROs of $83 million. As a result, Dominion Energy 
recorded a charge of $83 million ($60 million after-tax) within 
impairment of assets and other charges in its Consolidated Statements of 
Income (reflected in the Corporate and Other segment). 
(2) Includes $434 million and $352 million reported in other current 
liabilities for Dominion Energy at December 31, 2023 and 2024, 
respectively. 
(3) Primarily reflects AROs related to CCR remediation as discussed below. 
(4) Primarily reflects revisions for increased costs related to the completion of 
nuclear decommissioning cost studies for Millstone, Surry and North 
Anna inclusive of a charge of $122 million ($89 million after-tax) 
within impairment of assets and other charges in Dominion Energy’s 
Consolidated Statements of Income (reflected in the Corporate and Other 
segment). In addition, there were downward revisions for CCR 
remediation costs at Dominion Energy and future ash pond and landfill 
closure costs of certain electric generation facilities at Virginia Power. 
Dominion Energy’s AROs at December 31, 2024 and 2023, 
include $2.6 billion and $1.9 billion, respectively, with 
$1.4 billion and $1.0 billion recorded by Virginia Power, related 
to the future decommissioning of their nuclear facilities. The 
Companies have established trusts dedicated to funding the future 
decommissioning activities. At December 31, 2024 and 2023, the 
aggregate fair value of Dominion Energy’s trusts, consisting pri-
marily of equity and debt securities, totaled $8.1 billion and 
$6.9 billion, respectively. At December 31, 2024 and 2023, the 
aggregate fair value of Virginia Power’s trusts, consisting primarily 
of debt and equity securities, totaled $4.3 billion and $3.7 billion, 
respectively. 
AROs at December 31, 2024 also include $828 million, with 
$404 million recorded at Virginia Power, related to Dominion 
Energy’s CCR remediation activities. In May 2024, the EPA 
released a final rule to regulate inactive surface impoundments 
located at retired generating stations that contained CCR and 
liquids after October 2015, and certain other inactive or pre-
viously closed surface impoundments, landfills or other areas that 
contain accumulations of CCR. Dominion Energy believes that it 
may have inactive or closed units or areas that could be subject to 
the final rule at up to 19 different stations, including 12 at 
Virginia Power. In connection with this rule, in 2024, Dominion 
Energy and Virginia Power recorded an increase to their AROs of 
$1.1 billion and $420 million, respectively, with a corresponding 
increase of $536 million and $234 million, respectively, to regu-
latory assets for amounts recoverable through retail electric rates, 
including riders, for electric generation stations that have been 
retired, $505 million and $152 million, respectively, to property, 
plant and equipment for amounts recoverable for electric gen-
eration stations that are currently in service and $34 million to 
other deferred charges and other assets for amounts associated 
with nonjurisdictional customers at Virginia Power. Subsequently 
in 2024, Dominion Energy recorded an adjustment to decrease 
the ARO and related property, plant and equipment by 
$215 million to reflect updated information concerning one 
facility. The actual AROs related to CCRs may vary substantially 
from the estimates used to record the obligation. 
In addition, AROs at December 31, 2024 and 2023 include 
$3.2 billion and $3.4 billion, respectively, related to Virginia 
Power’s future ash pond and landfill closure costs. In 2024, Vir-
ginia Power revised its estimated cash flow projections associated 
with ash pond and landfill closure costs at certain of its utility 
generation facilities attributable to changes in the scheduling of 
certain projects and as a result recorded a decrease to its AROs of 
$64 million with a corresponding decrease of $56 million to regu-
latory assets for amounts recoverable through riders and 
$8 million to other deferred charges and other assets for amounts 
associated with nonjurisdictional customers. In 2023, Virginia 
Power revised its estimated cash flow projections associated with 
ash pond and landfill closure costs at certain of its utility gen-
eration facilities in connection with obtaining replacement con-
tracts for certain services following the bankruptcy of a previous 
vendor along with general updates of the contractual rates. As a 
result, Virginia Power recorded an increase to its AROs of 
$552 million with a corresponding increase of $471 million to 
regulatory assets for amounts recoverable through riders and 
$81 million to other deferred charges and other assets for 
amounts associated with nonjurisdictional customers. Regulatory 
mechanisms, primarily associated with legislation enacted in Vir-
ginia in 2019, provide for recovery of costs to be incurred. See 
Note 12 for additional information. 
NOTE 15. LEASES 
At December 31, 2024 and 2023, the Companies had the follow-
ing lease assets and liabilities recorded in the Consolidated Bal-
ance Sheets: 
Dominion Energy 
Virginia Power 
At December 31, 
2024 
2023 
2024 
2023 
(millions) 
Lease assets: 
Operating lease assets(1) 
$588 
$578 
$410 
$393 
Finance lease assets(2) 
267 
258 
146 
104 
Total lease assets 
$855 
$836 
$556 
$497 
Lease liabilities: 
Operating lease liabilities(3) 
$ 36 
$ 36 
$ 22 
$ 20 
Finance lease liabilities(4) 
62 
60 
35 
31 
Total lease liabilities—current 
98 
96 
57 
51 
Operating lease liabilities (5) 
644 
627 
399 
377 
Finance lease liabilities(6) 
214 
203 
110 
72 
Total lease liabilities—noncurrent 
858 
830 
509 
449 
Total lease liabilities 
$956 
$926 
$566 
$500 
(1) Dominion Energy includes $588 million and $561 million at 
December 31, 2024 and 2023, respectively, in other deferred charges 
and other assets, with the remaining balance at December 31, 2023 in 
assets held for sale, in its Consolidated Balance Sheets. Virginia Power’s 
balances are included in other deferred charges and other assets in its 
Consolidated Balance Sheets. 
(2) Dominion Energy includes $267 million and $244 million at 
December 31, 2024 and 2023, respectively, in property, plant and 
equipment in its Consolidated Balance Sheets, net of $199 million and 
$142 million at December 31, 2024 and 2023, respectively, of accumu-
lated amortization, with the remaining balance at December 31, 2023 
in assets held for sale. Virginia Power’s balances are included in prop-
erty, plant and equipment in its Consolidated Balance Sheets, net of 
$88 million and $51 million at December 31, 2024 and 2023, 
respectively, of accumulated amortization. 
(3) Dominion Energy includes $36 million and $32 million at 
December 31, 2024 and 2023, respectively, in other current liabilities, 
with the remaining balance at December 31, 2023 in liabilities held for 
sale, in its Consolidated Balance Sheets. Virginia Power’s balances are in 
other current liabilities in its Consolidated Balance Sheets. 
(4) Dominion Energy includes $62 million and $57 million at 
December 31, 2024 and 2023, respectively, in securities due within one 
year, with the remaining balance at December 31, 2023 in liabilities 
held for sale, in its Consolidated Balance Sheets. Virginia Power’s 
130 

balances are included in securities due within one year in its Con-
solidated Balance Sheets. 
(5) Dominion Energy includes $644 million and $610 million at 
December 31, 2024 and 2023, respectively, in other deferred credits and 
other liabilities, with the remaining balance at December 31, 2023 in 
liabilities held for sale, in its Consolidated Balance Sheets. Virginia 
Power’s balances are included in other deferred credits and other 
liabilities in its Consolidated Balance Sheets. 
(6) Dominion Energy includes $214 million and $192 million at 
December 31, 2024 and 2023, respectively, in other long-term debt, 
with the remaining balance in liabilities held for sale, in its Con-
solidated Balance Sheets. Virginia Power’s balances are included in other 
long-term debt in its Consolidated Balance Sheets. 
In addition to the amounts disclosed above, Dominion 
Energy’s Consolidated Balance Sheets at both December 31, 
2024 and 2023 includes property, plant and equipment of 
$382 million related to facilities subject to power purchase 
agreements under which Dominion Energy is the lessor. There 
was $38 million and $28 million of accumulated depreciation 
related to these facilities recorded in Dominion Energy’s Con-
solidated Balance Sheets at December 31, 2024 and 2023, 
respectively. 
For the years ended December 31, 2024, 2023 and 2022, 
total lease cost associated with the Companies’ leasing arrange-
ments consisted of the following: 
Dominion Energy 
Virginia Power 
Year ended December 31, 
2024 
2023 
2022 
2024 
2023 
2022 
(millions) 
Finance lease cost: 
Amortization(1) 
$ 54 
$ 50 
$ 41 
$ 24 
$24 
$15 
Interest(2) 
14 
13 
3 
5 
4 
3 
Operating lease cost(3) 
81 
70 
53 
60 
43 
32 
Short-term lease cost(4) 
22 
32 
31 
16 
23 
21 
Variable lease cost 
6 
6 
4 
2 
2 
1 
Total lease cost 
$177 
$171 
$132 
$107 
$96 
$72 
(1) Dominion Energy includes $—million, $3 million and $3 million for 
the years ended December 31, 2024, 2023 and 2022, respectively, 
reflected in discontinued operations in its Consolidated Statements of 
Income. 
(2) Dominion Energy includes $—million, $1 million and $1 million for 
the years ended December 31, 2024, 2023 and 2022, respectively, 
reflected in discontinued operations in its Consolidated Statements of 
Income. 
(3) Dominion Energy includes $—million, $5 million and $6 million for 
the years ended December 31, 2024, 2023 and 2022, respectively, 
reflected in discontinued operations in its Consolidated Statements of 
Income. 
(4) Dominion Energy includes $—million, $2 million and $2 million for 
the years ended December 31, 2024, 2023 and 2022, respectively, 
reflected in discontinued operations in its Consolidated Statements of 
Income. 
For the years ended December 31, 2024, 2023 and 2022, 
cash paid for amounts included in the measurement of the lease 
liabilities consisted of the following amounts, included in the 
Companies’ Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows: 
 
Dominion Energy 
Virginia Power 
Year ended December 31, 
2024 
2023 
2022 
2024 
2023 
2022 
(millions) 
Operating cash flows for 
finance leases 
$ 14 
$ 13 
$ 3 
$ 5  
$ 4  
 
$ 3  
Operating cash flows for 
operating leases 
106 
105 
82 
74 
64 
50 
Financing cash flows for 
finance leases 
50 
47 
32 
23 
19 
12 
In addition to the amounts disclosed above, Dominion 
Energy’s Consolidated Statements of Income for the years ended 
December 31, 2024, 2023 and 2022, include $18 million, 
$21 million and $16 million, respectively, of rental revenue, 
included in operating revenue and $10 million, $10 million and 
$34 million, respectively, of depreciation expense, included in 
depreciation and amortization, related to facilities subject to 
power purchase agreements under which Dominion Energy is the 
lessor. 
In April 2024, Dominion Energy agreed to pay $47 million 
in connection with a settlement of an agreement related to the 
offshore wind installation vessel under development and recorded 
a charge of $47 million ($35 million after-tax) in the first quarter 
of 2024 (reflected in the Corporate and Other segment) within 
impairment of assets and other charges in its Consolidated State-
ments of Income. 
At December 31, 2024 and 2023, the weighted-average 
remaining lease term and weighted discount rate for the Compa-
nies’ finance and operating leases were as follows: 
Dominion Energy 
Virginia Power 
December 31, 
2024 
2023 
2024 
2023 
Weighted-average 
remaining lease term— 
finance leases 
5 years 
5 years 
5 years 
5 years 
Weighted-average 
remaining lease term— 
operating leases 
31 years 
31 years 
32 years 
33 years 
Weighted-average 
discount rate— 
finance leases 
5.61% 
7.14% 
6.71% 
7.28% 
Weighted-average 
discount rate— 
operating leases 
4.42% 
4.11% 
5.13% 
4.18% 
The Companies’ lease liabilities have the following maturities: 
Maturity of Lease Liabilities 
Dominion Energy 
Virginia Power 
(millions) 
Operating 
Finance 
Operating 
Finance 
2025 
$ 
41 
$ 78 
$ 25 
$ 43 
2026 
39 
69 
23 
36 
2027 
36 
64 
22 
32 
2028 
35 
56 
21 
26 
2029 
34 
40 
20 
18 
After 2029 
1,131 
17 
740 
17 
Total undiscounted lease 
payments 
1,316 
324 
851 
172 
Present value adjustment 
(636) 
(48) 
(430) 
(27) 
Present value of lease 
liabilities 
$ 680 
$276 
$ 421 
$145 
Offshore Wind Vessel Leasing Arrangement 
In December 2020, Dominion Energy signed an agreement (most 
recently amended in August 2024) with a lessor to complete con-
struction of and lease a Jones Act compliant offshore wind 
installation vessel. This vessel is designed to handle current tur-
bine technologies as well as next generation turbines. The lessor is 
providing equity and has obtained financing commitments from 
debt investors, totaling $715 million, to fund the estimated proj-
ect costs. The completed project is expected to be delivered to the 
CVOW Commercial Project in the third quarter of 2025. 
131 

Combined Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements, Continued 
Dominion Energy has been appointed to act as the construction 
agent for the lessor, during which time Dominion Energy will 
request cash draws from the lessor and debt investors to fund all 
project costs, which totaled $598 million as of December 31, 
2024. If the project is terminated under certain events of default, 
Dominion Energy could be required to pay up to 100% of the 
then funded amount. 
The initial lease term will commence once construction is 
substantially complete and the vessel is delivered and will mature 
after five years. At the end of the initial lease term, Dominion 
Energy can (i) extend the term of the lease for an additional term, 
subject to the approval of the participants, at current market 
terms, (ii) purchase the property for an amount equal to the out-
standing project costs, or (iii) subject to certain terms and con-
ditions, sell the property on behalf of the lessor to a third party 
using commercially reasonable efforts to obtain the highest cash 
purchase price for the property. If the project is sold and the 
proceeds from the sale are insufficient to repay the investors for 
the outstanding project costs, Dominion Energy may be required 
to make a payment to the lessor for the difference between the 
outstanding project costs and sale proceeds. Dominion Energy is 
not considered the owner during construction for financial 
accounting purposes and, therefore, will not reflect the con-
struction activity in its consolidated financial statements. Domin-
ion Energy expects to recognize a right-of-use asset and a 
corresponding finance lease liability at the commencement of the 
lease term. Dominion Energy will be considered the owner of the 
leased property for tax purposes, and as a result, will be entitled to 
tax deductions for depreciation and interest expense. 
NOTE 16. VARIABLE INTEREST ENTITIES 
The primary beneficiary of a VIE is required to consolidate the 
VIE and to disclose certain information about its significant 
variable interests in the VIE. The primary beneficiary of a VIE is 
the entity that has both 1) the power to direct the activities that 
most significantly impact the entity’s economic performance and 
2) the obligation to absorb losses or receive benefits from the 
entity that could potentially be significant to the VIE. 
DOMINION ENERGY 
At December 31, 2024, Dominion Energy owns a 53% member-
ship interest in Atlantic Coast Pipeline. Dominion Energy con-
cluded that Atlantic Coast Pipeline is a VIE because it has 
insufficient equity to finance its activities without additional 
subordinated financial support. Dominion Energy has concluded 
that it is not the primary beneficiary of Atlantic Coast Pipeline as 
it does not have the power to direct the activities of Atlantic Coast 
Pipeline that most significantly impact its economic performance, 
as the power to direct is shared with Duke Energy. Dominion 
Energy is obligated to provide capital contributions based on its 
ownership percentage. Dominion Energy’s maximum exposure to 
loss is limited to any future investment. See Note 9 for additional 
details regarding the nature of this entity. 
DOMINION ENERGY AND VIRGINIA POWER 
The Companies’ nuclear decommissioning trust funds and 
Dominion Energy’s rabbi trusts hold investments in limited part-
nerships or similar type entities, as discussed in Note 9. Domin-
ion Energy and Virginia Power concluded that these partnership 
investments are VIEs due to the limited partners lacking the char-
acteristics of a controlling financial interest. Dominion Energy 
and Virginia Power have concluded neither is the primary benefi-
ciary as they do not have the power to direct the activities that 
most significantly impact these VIEs’ economic performance. 
Dominion Energy and Virginia Power are obligated to provide 
capital contributions to the partnerships as required by each part-
nership agreement based on their ownership percentages. Domin-
ion Energy and Virginia Power’s maximum exposure to loss is 
limited to their current and future investments. 
VIRGINIA POWER 
Virginia Power purchased shared services from DES, an affiliated 
VIE, of $494 million, $463 million and $396 million for the 
years ended December 31, 2024, 2023 and 2022, respectively. 
Virginia Power’s Consolidated Balance Sheets included amounts 
due to DES of $38 million and $32 million at December 31, 
2024 and 2023, respectively, recorded in payables to affiliates in 
the Consolidated Balance Sheets. Virginia Power determined that 
it is not the primary beneficiary of DES as it does not have power 
to direct the activities that most significantly impact its economic 
performance as well as the obligation to absorb losses and benefits 
which could be significant to it. DES provides accounting, legal, 
finance and certain administrative and technical services to all 
Dominion Energy subsidiaries, including Virginia Power. 
Virginia Power has no obligation to absorb more than its allo-
cated share of DES costs. 
As described in Note 18, Virginia Power formed VPFS in 
October 2023, a wholly-owned special purpose subsidiary which is 
considered to be a VIE, for the sole purpose of securitizing certain of 
Virginia Power’s under-recovered deferred fuel balance through the 
issuance of senior secured deferred fuel cost bonds. The Companies’ 
Consolidated Balance Sheets at December 31, 2024 included balan-
ces for VPFS in prepayments (less than $1 million), regulatory 
assets-current ($124 million), other current assets ($41 million), 
regulatory assets-noncurrent ($1.0 billion), securities due within one 
year ($163 million), accrued interest, payroll and taxes ($10 million) 
and securitization bonds ($1.1 billion). 
As described in Note 10, in October 2024 Virginia Power 
completed the sale of a 50% noncontrolling interest in the 
CVOW Commercial Project to Stonepeak through the sale of an 
interest in OSWP, which is considered to be a VIE. The Compa-
nies’ Consolidated Balance Sheets at December 31, 2024 
included balances for OSWP in cash and cash equivalents 
($70 million), customer receivables (less than $1 million), 
prepayments ($10 million), regulatory assets-current ($6 million), 
property, plant and equipment ($5.8 billion), regulatory assets-
noncurrent ($52 million), other deferred charges and other assets 
(less than $1 million), accrued interest, payroll and taxes (less 
than $1 million) and asset retirement obligations ($38 million). 
132 

NOTE 17. SHORT-TERM DEBT AND CREDIT 
AGREEMENTS 
The Companies use short-term debt to fund working capital 
requirements and as a bridge to long-term debt financings. The 
levels of borrowing may vary significantly during the course of the 
year, depending upon the timing and amount of cash require-
ments not satisfied by cash from operations. In addition, Domin-
ion Energy utilizes cash and letters of credit to fund collateral 
requirements. Collateral requirements are impacted by commod-
ity prices, hedging levels, Dominion Energy’s credit ratings and 
the credit quality of its counterparties. 
DOMINION ENERGY 
Dominion Energy’s short-term financing is supported by its 
$6.0 billion joint revolving credit facility that provides for a dis-
count in the pricing of certain annual fees and amounts borrowed 
by Dominion Energy under the facility if Dominion Energy 
achieves certain annual renewable electric generation and diversity 
and inclusion objectives. Commercial paper and letters of credit 
outstanding, as well as capacity available under the credit facility 
were as follows: 
Facility 
Limit 
Outstanding 
Commercial 
Paper(1) 
Outstanding 
Letters of 
Credit 
Facility 
Capacity 
Available 
(millions) 
At December 31, 2024 
Joint revolving credit 
facility(2)(3) 
$6,000 
$2,061 
$10 
$3,929 
At December 31, 2023 
Joint revolving credit 
facility(2) 
$6,000 
$3,547 
$16 
$2,437 
(1) The weighted-average interest rate of the outstanding commercial paper 
supported by Dominion Energy’s credit facility was 4.74% and 5.69% 
at December 31, 2024 and 2023, respectively. 
(2) This credit facility matures in June 2026, with the potential to be 
extended by the borrowers to June 2028, and can be used by the bor-
rowers under the credit facility to support bank borrowings and the issu-
ance of commercial paper, as well as to support up to a combined 
$2.0 billion of letters of credit. 
(3) In May 2024, the joint revolving credit facility was amended to remove 
Questar Gas as a co-borrower. 
DESC’s short-term financings are supported through its access as 
a co-borrower to the joint revolving credit facility discussed above 
with the Companies. At December 31, 2024, the sub-limit for 
DESC was $500 million. 
In March 2023, FERC granted DESC authority through 
March 2025 to issue short-term indebtedness (pursuant to Sec-
tion 204 of the Federal Power Act) in amounts not to exceed 
$2.2 billion outstanding with maturity dates of one year or less. 
In addition, in March 2023, FERC granted GENCO authority 
through March 2025 to issue short-term indebtedness not to 
exceed $200 million outstanding with maturity dates of one year 
or less. In January 2025, DESC and GENCO applied to FERC 
for a two-year short-term borrowing authorization in amounts 
not to exceed $1.8 billion and $300 million, respectively. The 
applications are pending. 
In addition to the credit facility mentioned above, Dominion 
Energy had the following credit facilities and agreements: 
• 
A credit facility which allowed it to issue up to approximately 
$30 million in letters of credit, which matured in June 2024. 
At December 31, 2023, Dominion Energy had $25 million in 
letters of credit outstanding under this facility. 
• 
An agreement entered into with a financial institution in 
March 2023, which it expects to allow it to issue up to 
$100 million in letters of credit. At December 31, 2024 and 
2023, $48 million and $54 million in letters of credit were 
issued and outstanding under this agreement, respectively. 
• 
An agreement entered into with a financial institution in 
June 2024, subsequently amended in January 2025, which it 
expects to allow it to issue up to a combined $275 million in 
letters of credit at either Dominion Energy or Virginia 
Power. At December 31, 2024, Dominion Energy had $88 
million in letters of credit issued and outstanding under this 
agreement, including $77 million for Virginia Power. 
• 
An agreement entered into with a financial institution in 
January 2025, which it expects to allow it to issue up to a 
combined $150 million in letters of credit, with $50 million 
available to Dominion Energy and $100 million available to 
Virginia Power. Through February 2025, Virginia Power 
had issued $50 million in letters of credit. 
Dominion Energy has an effective shelf registration statement 
with the SEC for the sale of up to $3.0 billion of variable denomi-
nation floating rate demand notes, called Dominion Energy Reli-
ability InvestmentSM. The registration limits the principal amount 
that may be outstanding at any one time to $1.0 billion. The notes 
are offered on a continuous basis and bear interest at a floating rate 
per annum determined by the Dominion Energy Reliability 
Investment Committee, or its designee, on a weekly basis. The 
notes have no stated maturity date, are non-transferable and may 
be redeemed in whole or in part by Dominion Energy or at the 
investor’s option at any time. At December 31, 2024 and 2023, 
Dominion Energy’s Consolidated Balance Sheets include $439 
million and $409 million, respectively, presented within short-
term debt with weighted-average interest rates of 4.50% and 
5.50%, respectively. The proceeds are used for general corporate 
purposes and to repay debt. 
In January 2023, Dominion Energy entered into a 
$2.5 billion 364-day term loan facility which bore interest at a 
variable rate and was scheduled to mature in January 2024 with 
the proceeds to be used to repay existing long-term debt and 
short-term debt upon maturity and for other general corporate 
purposes. Concurrently, Dominion Energy borrowed an initial 
$1.0 billion with the proceeds used to repay long-term debt. In 
February and March 2023, Dominion Energy borrowed 
$500 million and $1.0 billion, respectively, with the proceeds 
used for general corporate purposes and to repay long-term debt. 
At December 31, 2023, Dominion Energy’s Consolidated Bal-
ance Sheet included $2.5 billion with respect to such facility pre-
sented within securities due within one year. In January 2024, the 
facility was amended to mature July 2024. The amended agree-
ment contained certain mandatory early repayment provisions, 
including that any after-tax proceeds in connection with the East 
Ohio, Questar Gas and PSNC Transactions be applied to any 
outstanding borrowings under the facility. In March 2024, 
133 

Combined Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements, Continued 
Dominion Energy repaid the full $2.5 billion outstanding using 
after-tax proceeds received in connection with the East Ohio 
Transaction. The maximum allowed total debt to total capital 
ratio under the facility was consistent with such allowed ratio 
under Dominion Energy’s joint revolving credit facility. 
In July 2023, Dominion Energy entered into two 
$600 million 364-day term loan facilities which bore interest at a 
variable rate and were scheduled to mature in July 2024 with the 
proceeds to be used to repay existing long-term debt and short-
term debt upon maturity and for other general corporate pur-
poses. Subsequently in July 2023, Dominion Energy borrowed an 
initial $750 million in the aggregate under these facilities with the 
proceeds used to repay short-term debt and for general corporate 
purposes. Dominion Energy was permitted to make up to three 
additional borrowings under each agreement through November 
2023, at which point any unused capacity would cease to be 
available to Dominion Energy. The agreements contained certain 
mandatory early repayment provisions, including that any after-
tax proceeds in connection with a sale of Dominion Energy’s 
noncontrolling interest in Cove Point, following the repayment of 
DECP Holding’s term loan secured by its noncontrolling interest 
in Cove Point, be applied to any outstanding borrowings under 
the facilities. In September 2023, Dominion Energy repaid the 
$750 million borrowing with after-tax proceeds from the sale of 
Dominion Energy’s noncontrolling interest in Cove Point, as 
discussed in Note 9. Subsequently in September 2023, Dominion 
Energy borrowed $225 million in the aggregate under these facili-
ties with the proceeds used to repay short-term debt and for gen-
eral corporate purposes. In October 2023, Dominion Energy 
repaid the $225 million borrowing and terminated the facilities 
along with any remaining unused commitments. 
In October 2023, Dominion Energy entered into a 
$2.25 billion 364-day term loan facility which bore interest at a 
variable rate with the proceeds to be used for general corporate 
purposes, which was scheduled to mature in October 2024. 
Concurrently, Dominion Energy borrowed an initial $1.0 billion 
with the proceeds used for general corporate purposes, including 
to repay short-term and long-term debt. In November and 
December 2023, Dominion Energy borrowed $500 million and 
$750 million, respectively, with the proceeds used for general 
corporate purposes. Dominion Energy also had the ability 
through August 2024 to request an increase in the amount of this 
facility by up to an additional $500 million. The agreement con-
tained certain mandatory early repayment provisions, including 
that any after-tax proceeds in connection with the East Ohio, 
PSNC and Questar Gas Transactions, following the repayment of 
the 364-day term loan facility entered into in January 2023, be 
applied to any outstanding borrowings under this facility. At 
December 31, 2023, Dominion Energy’s Consolidated Balance 
Sheet included $2.25 billion with respect to such facility pre-
sented within securities due within one year. In March 2024, 
Dominion Energy repaid $1.8 billion using after-tax proceeds 
received in connection with the East Ohio Transaction. Sub-
sequently in March 2024, Dominion Energy requested and 
received a $500 million increase to the amount of the facility and 
concurrently borrowed $500 million with the proceeds used for 
general corporate purposes. In May 2024, Dominion Energy 
repaid the full $976 million outstanding under the facility, using 
after-tax proceeds received in connection with the Questar Gas 
Transaction. The maximum allowed total debt to total capital 
ratio under this facility was consistent with such allowed ratio 
under Dominion Energy’s joint revolving credit facility. 
VIRGINIA POWER 
Virginia Power’s short-term financing is supported through its 
access as co-borrower to Dominion Energy’s $6.0 billion joint 
revolving credit facility. The credit facility can be used for work-
ing capital, as support for the combined commercial paper pro-
grams of the borrowers under the credit facility and for other 
general corporate purposes. 
Virginia Power’s share of commercial paper and letters of 
credit outstanding under the joint revolving credit facility with 
Dominion Energy, Questar Gas (through May 2024) and DESC 
were as follows: 
Facility 
Limit 
Outstanding 
Commercial 
Paper(1) 
Outstanding 
Letters of 
Credit 
(millions) 
At December 31, 2024 
Joint revolving credit facility(2)(3) 
$6,000 
$950 
$10 
At December 31, 2023 
Joint revolving credit facility(2) 
$6,000 
$455 
$10 
(1) The weighted-average interest rates of the outstanding commercial paper 
supported by the credit facility was 4.73% and 5.65% at December 31, 
2024 and 2023, respectively. 
(2) The full amount of the facility is available to Virginia Power, less any 
amounts outstanding to co-borrowers Dominion Energy and DESC. The 
sub-limit for Virginia Power is set pursuant to the terms of the facility 
but can be changed at the option of the borrowers multiple times per 
year. At December 31, 2024, the sub-limit for Virginia Power was 
$1.75 billion. If Virginia Power has liquidity needs in excess of its sub-
limit, the sub-limit may be changed or such needs may be satisfied 
through short-term intercompany borrowings from Dominion Energy. 
This credit facility matures in June 2026, with the potential to be 
extended by the borrowers to June 2028. The credit facility can be used 
to support bank borrowings and the issuance of commercial paper, as 
well as to support up to $2.0 billion (or the sub-limit, whichever is less) 
of letters of credit. 
(3) In May 2024, the joint revolving credit facility was amended to remove 
Questar Gas as a co-borrower. 
In addition to the credit facility mentioned above, Virginia 
Power had the following credit facilities and agreements: 
• 
A credit facility entered into in January 2023 which allowed 
it to issue up to $125 million in letters of credit and was 
scheduled to mature in January 2026. At December 31, 
2023, less than $1 million in letters of credit were issued and 
outstanding under this facility with no amounts drawn 
under the letters of credit. As of March 2024, the credit 
facility had been terminated. 
• 
An agreement entered into with a financial institution in 
March 2023, which it expects to allow it to issue up to $300 
million in letters of credit. At December 31, 2024 and 2023, 
$112 million and $124 million, respectively, in letters of 
credit were issued and outstanding under this agreement. 
• 
An agreement entered into with a financial institution in 
June 2024, subsequently amended in January 2025, which it 
expects to allow it to issue up to a combined $275 million in 
letters of credit at either Dominion Energy or Virginia 
Power. At December 31, 2024, Virginia Power had $77 
million, out of Dominion Energy’s total $88 million, in 
letters of credit issued and outstanding under this agreement. 
134 

• 
An agreement entered into with a financial institution in 
January 2025, which it expects to allow it to issue up to a 
combined $150 million in letters of credit, with $50 million 
available to Dominion Energy and $100 million available to 
Virginia Power. Through February 2025, Virginia Power 
had issued $50 million in letters of credit. 
NOTE 18. LONG-TERM DEBT 
2024 
Weighted- 
average 
Coupon(1)  
Dominion Energy 
Virginia Power 
At December 31, 
2024 
2023 
2024 
2023 
(millions, except percentages) 
Term Loans, variable rate, due 2024 
 $ 
— 
$ 4,750 
 
Sustainability Revolving Credit Agreement, variable rate, due 2025(2) 
 
— 
450 
 
Unsecured Senior Notes: 
1.45% to 7.00%, due 2024 to 2052(3) 
4.16% 
11,176 
11,476 
 
Junior Subordinated Notes: 
3.071% due 2024 
 
— 
700 
 
Payable to Affiliated Trust, 8.4%, due 2031 
8.40% 
10 
10 
 
5.75% to 7.0% due 2054 to 2055(4) 
6.82% 
3,250 
685 
 
Virginia Electric and Power Company: 
Unsecured Senior Notes, 2.30% to 8.875%, due 2024 to 2054 
4.38% 
18,785 
16,935 
$18,785 
$16,935 
Tax-Exempt Financings, 0.75% to 3.80%, due 2032 to 2041(5) 
2.68% 
625 
625 
625 
625 
Senior Secured Deferred Fuel Cost Bonds, 4.877% and 5.088%, due 2029 and 2033 
4.94% 
1,217 
— 
1,217 
— 
DESC: 
First Mortgage Bonds, 2.30% to 6.625%, due 2028 to 2065 
5.23% 
4,134 
4,134 
Tax-Exempt Financings(6): 
Variable rate due 2038 
3.70% 
35 
35 
3.625% and 4.00%, due 2028 and 2033 
3.90% 
54 
54 
GENCO, variable rate due 2038 
3.70% 
33 
33 
Other 
3.58% 
1 
1 
Secured Senior Notes, 4.82%, due 2042(7) 
 
— 
291 
Tax-Exempt Financing, 3.80% due 2033(8) 
 
— 
27 
Total Principal 
 
$39,320 
$40,206 
$20,627 
$17,560 
Securities due within one year and supplemental credit facility borrowings(7)(9) 
 
(1,662) 
(6,839) 
(513) 
(350) 
Unamortized discount, premium and debt issuance costs, net 
 
(347) 
(311) 
(186) 
(167) 
Finance leases 
 
214 
192 
110 
72 
Total long-term debt 
 
$37,525 
$33,248 
$20,038 
$17,115 
(1) Represents weighted-average coupon rates for debt outstanding as of December 31, 2024. 
(2) This $900 million supplemental credit facility, entered in 2021, and amended in June 2024, offers a reduced interest rate margin with respect to borrowed 
amounts allocated to certain environmental sustainability or social investment initiatives. Proceeds of the supplemental credit facility also may be used for 
general corporate purposes, but such proceeds are not eligible for a reduced interest rate margin. In May 2022, Dominion Energy borrowed $900 million. 
The proceeds from these borrowings were used to support environmental sustainability and social investment initiatives ($450 million) and for general corpo-
rate purposes ($450 million). In June 2022, Dominion Energy repaid $450 million borrowed for general corporate purposes. In March 2023, Dominion 
Energy borrowed $450 million with the proceeds used for general corporate purposes. In April 2023, Dominion Energy repaid $450 million borrowed for 
general corporate purposes. In September 2023, Dominion Energy borrowed $450 million under this facility with the proceeds used for general corporate 
purposes. In October 2023, Dominion Energy repaid $450 million borrowed for general corporate purposes. In May 2024, Dominion Energy repaid 
$450 million borrowed to support environmental sustainability and social investment initiatives. In June 2024, the facility was amended to extend the 
maturity date to June 2025. 
(3) Includes debt assumed by Dominion Energy from the merger of its former CNG subsidiary. 
(4) In October 2024, Dominion Energy redeemed all $685 million in outstanding principal amount of its October 2014 hybrids at par plus accrued interest 
including interest accrued at a floating rate effective October 2024. The notes would have otherwise matured in 2054. 
(5) These financings relate to certain pollution control equipment at Virginia Power’s generating facilities. In May 2024, Virginia Power remarketed three series 
of tax-exempt bonds, with an aggregate outstanding principal of $243 million to new investors. All three bonds will bear interest at a coupon of 3.80% until 
May 2027, after which they will bear interest at a market rate to be determined at that time. 
(6) Industrial revenue bonds totaling $68 million are secured by letters of credit that expire, subject to renewal, in the fourth quarter of 2025. 
(7) Represents debt associated with Eagle Solar. In February 2024, Eagle Solar redeemed the remaining principal outstanding of $279 million. The debt which 
otherwise would have matured in 2042 was nonrecourse to Dominion Energy and was secured by Eagle Solar’s interest in certain solar facilities. As such, 
these borrowings are presented within securities due within one year in Dominion Energy’s Consolidated Balance Sheets at December 31, 2023. Dominion 
Energy recognized a charge of $10 million during the year ended December 31, 2024 within interest expense in its Consolidated Statements of Income in 
connection with the early redemption of these notes. 
(8) In October 2024, Dominion Energy redeemed all $27 million in outstanding principal amount of its 3.80% Peninsula Ports Authority of Virginia Coal 
Terminal Revenue Refunding Bonds at par plus accrued interest. The bonds would have otherwise matured in 2033. 
(9) Dominion Energy and Virginia Power’s weighted-average rate for securities due within one year was 3.70% and 3.73%, respectively, as of December 31, 
2024. 
135 

Combined Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements, Continued 
Based on stated maturity dates rather than early redemption dates that could be elected by instrument holders, the scheduled principal 
payments of long-term debt at December 31, 2024 were as follows: 
2025 
2026 
2027 
2028 
2029 
Thereafter 
Total 
(millions, except percentages) 
 
 
 
Dominion Energy 
 
 
 
First Mortgage Bonds 
$ 
—  
$ 
—  
$ 
—  
$ 
53 
$
— 
$ 4,081 
$ 4,134 
Unsecured Senior Notes 
1,500 
2,120 
1,783 
1,195 
500 
22,864 
29,962 
Senior Secured Deferred Fuel Cost Bonds 
163 
171 
180 
190 
198 
315 
1,217 
Tax-Exempt Financings 
— 
— 
— 
39 
— 
708 
747 
Junior Subordinated Notes 
— 
— 
— 
— 
— 
3,260 
3,260 
Total 
$1,663 
$2,291 
$1,963 
$1,477 
$ 698 
$31,228 
$39,320 
Weighted-average Coupon 
3.70% 
2.80% 
3.86% 
4.11% 
3.44% 
4.87% 
Virginia Power 
 
 
 
Unsecured Senior Notes 
$ 350 
$1,150 
$1,350 
$ 700 
$ 500 
$14,735 
$18,785 
Senior Secured Deferred Fuel Cost Bonds 
163 
171 
180 
190 
198 
315 
1,217 
Tax-Exempt Financings 
— 
— 
— 
— 
— 
625 
625 
Total 
$ 513 
$1,321 
$1,530 
$ 890 
$ 698 
$15,675 
$20,627 
Weighted-average Coupon 
3.73% 
3.34% 
3.77% 
4.03% 
3.44% 
4.58% 
The Companies’ credit facilities and debt agreements, both 
short-term and long-term, contain customary covenants and 
default provisions. As of December 31, 2024, there were no 
events of default under these covenants. 
First Mortgage Bonds 
In January 2025, DESC issued $450 million of 5.30% first mort-
gage bonds that mature in 2035. The proceeds were used for 
general corporate purposes and/or to repay short-term debt. 
Senior Secured Deferred Fuel Cost Bonds 
In February 2024, VPFS issued $439 million of 5.088% senior 
secured deferred fuel cost bonds with a scheduled final payment 
date of May 2027 and a final maturity date of May 2029 and 
$843 million of 4.877% senior secured deferred fuel cost bonds 
with a scheduled final payment date of May 2031 and a final 
maturity date of May 2033. The full principal of each tranche of 
bonds is payable semi-annually according to a sinking fund 
schedule. Interest on each tranche of bonds accrues from the date 
of issuance and is payable semi-annually. Payment on the bonds 
commenced in November 2024. The scheduled final payment 
date for the applicable tranche is the date by which all interest 
and principal for such tranche is expected to be paid in full. The 
final maturity date of the applicable tranche is the legal maturity 
date for such tranche. The bonds are not subject to optional 
redemption prior to their stated maturity. VPFS as the issuer of 
the bonds is a bankruptcy remote, wholly-owned special purpose 
subsidiary of Virginia Power formed in October 2023 for the sole 
purpose of securitizing certain of Virginia Power’s under-
recovered deferred fuel balance through the issuance of deferred 
fuel cost bonds. VPFS is considered to be a VIE primarily because 
its equity capitalization is insufficient to support its operations. 
Virginia Power is considered the primary beneficiary and con-
solidates VPFS as it has the power to direct the most significant 
activities of VPFS, including performing servicing activities such 
as billing and collecting the deferred fuel cost charges. Pursuant to 
the financing order issued by the Virginia Commission in 
November 2023, Virginia Power sold to VPFS its right to receive 
revenues from the non-bypassable deferred fuel cost charges from 
Virginia Power’s retail customers in Virginia, except for certain 
exempt customers, as deferred fuel cost property. The securitiza-
tion bondholders have recourse solely with respect to the deferred 
fuel cost property owned by VPFS and no recourse to any other 
assets of Dominion Energy or Virginia Power. Any deferred fuel 
cost charges collected by Virginia Power to pay for bond servicing 
and other qualified costs are deferred fuel cost property solely 
owned by VPFS. Any deferred fuel cost charges collected by Vir-
ginia Power are remitted to a trustee and are not available to other 
creditors of Virginia Power or Dominion Energy. 
Junior Subordinated Notes 
In October 2014, Dominion Energy issued $685 million of 
October 2014 hybrids that bore interest at 5.75% per year until 
October 1, 2024. In October 2024, Dominion Energy redeemed 
all $685 million in outstanding principal amount at par plus 
accrued interest including interest accrued at a floating rate effec-
tive October 2024. The notes would have otherwise matured in 
2054. Dominion Energy recorded a charge of $7 million ($5 mil-
lion after-tax) within interest expense in its Consolidated State-
ments of Income in connection with this early redemption. 
In May 2024, Dominion Energy issued $2.0 billion of junior 
subordinated notes, consisting of $1.0 billion of 2024 Series A JSNs 
and $1.0 billion of 2024 Series B JSNs that mature in 2055 and 
2054, respectively. The 2024 Series A JSNs will bear interest at 
6.875% until February 1, 2030. The interest rate will reset every five 
years beginning on February 1, 2030, to equal the then-current five-
year U.S. Treasury rate plus a spread of 2.386%, provided that the 
interest rate will not reset below 6.875%. The 2024 Series B JSNs 
will bear interest at 7.0% until June 1, 2034. The interest rate will 
reset every five years beginning on June 1, 2034, to equal the then-
current five-year U.S. Treasury rate plus a spread of 2.511%, pro-
vided that the interest rate will not reset below 7.0%. Dominion 
Energy may defer interest payments on the 2024 Series A JSNs or 
2024 Series B JSNs on one or more occasions for up to 10 consec-
utive years. If interest payments on the 2024 Series A JSNs and the 
2024 Series B JSNs are deferred, Dominion Energy may not, subject 
to certain limited exceptions, declare or pay any dividends or other 
distributions on, or redeem, repurchase or otherwise acquire any of 
its capital stock during the deferral period. Also, during the deferral 
period, Dominion Energy may not make any payments on or 
136 

redeem or repurchase any debt securities or make any payments 
under any guarantee of debt that, in each case, is equal or junior in 
right of payment to the 2024 Series A JSNs and the 2024 Series B 
JSNs. Dominion Energy used the proceeds from this issuance for 
general corporate purposes including the repayment of short-term 
debt, the repayment of amounts outstanding under the Sustain-
ability Revolving Credit Agreement as discussed above and the 
repurchase of Series B Preferred Stock as discussed in Note 19. 
In November 2024, Dominion Energy issued $1.25 billion of 
2024 Series C JSNs that mature in 2055. The 2024 Series C JSNs 
will bear interest at 6.625% until May 15, 2035. The interest rate 
will reset every five years beginning on May 15, 2035, to equal 
the then-current-five-year U.S. Treasury rate plus a spread of 
2.207%. Dominion Energy may defer interest payments on the 
2024 Series C JSNs on one or more occasions for up to 10 
consecutive years. If interest payments on the 2024 Series C JSNs 
are deferred, Dominion Energy may not, subject to certain lim-
ited exceptions, declare or pay any dividends or other dis-
tributions on, or redeem, repurchase or otherwise acquire any of 
its capital stock during the deferral period. Also, during the 
deferral period, Dominion Energy may not make any payments 
on or redeem or repurchase any debt securities or make any 
payments under any guarantee of debt that, in each case, is equal 
or junior in right of payment to the 2024 Series C JSNs. Domin-
ion Energy used the proceeds from the issuance for general corpo-
rate purposes and to repay short-term debt. 
Derivative Restructuring 
In June 2020, Dominion Energy amended a portfolio of interest 
rate swaps with a notional value of $2.0 billion, extending the 
mandatory termination dates from 2020 and 2021 to December 
2024. As a result of this noncash financing activity with an 
embedded interest rate swap, Dominion Energy recorded 
$326 million in other long-term debt representing the net pres-
ent value of the initial fair value measurement of the new contract 
with an imputed interest rate of 1.19%, in its Consolidated Bal-
ance Sheets with an embedded interest rate derivative that had a 
fair value of zero at inception. In August 2021, Dominion Energy 
settled certain of the outstanding interest rate swaps which would 
have otherwise matured in December 2024, resulting in a 
$39 million reduction in other long-term debt. In August 2022, 
Dominion Energy settled certain of the outstanding interest rate 
swaps which would have otherwise matured in December 2024, 
resulting in a $154 million reduction in other long-term debt. In 
December 2024, Dominion Energy settled the remaining out-
standing interest rate swaps resulting in a $144 million reduction 
in securities due within one year. 
In August 2020, Virginia Power amended a portfolio of inter-
est rate swaps with a notional value of $900 million, extending 
the mandatory termination dates from 2020 to December 2023. 
As a result of this noncash financing activity with an embedded 
interest rate swap, Virginia Power recorded $443 million in other 
long-term debt representing the net present value of the initial fair 
value measurement of the new contract with an imputed interest 
rate of 0.34%, in its Consolidated Balance Sheets with an 
embedded interest rate derivative that had a fair value of zero at 
inception. The interest rate swaps were in a hedge relationship 
prior to the transaction. Virginia Power de-designated the hedge 
relationships prior to the transaction and then designated the new 
interest rate swap in a hedge relationship after the transaction. In 
March 2023, Virginia Power settled the remaining outstanding 
interest rate swaps which would have otherwise matured in 
December 2023, resulting in a $448 million reduction in secu-
rities due within one year. 
NOTE 19. PREFERRED STOCK 
Dominion Energy is authorized to issue up to 20 million shares of 
preferred stock, which may be designated into separate classes. At 
December 31, 2024, Dominion Energy had issued and out-
standing 1.0 million shares of the Series C Preferred Stock. At 
December 31, 2023, Dominion Energy had issued and out-
standing 1.8 million shares preferred stock, 0.8 million and 
1.0 million of which were designated as the Series B Preferred 
Stock and the Series C Preferred Stock, respectively. 
DESC is authorized to issue up to 20 million shares of pre-
ferred stock. At both December 31, 2024 and 2023, DESC had 
issued and outstanding 1,000 shares of preferred stock, all of 
which were held by SCANA and are eliminated in consolidation. 
Virginia Power is authorized to issue up to 10 million shares 
of preferred stock, $100 liquidation preference; however, none 
were issued and outstanding at December 31, 2024 or 2023. 
2019 Corporate Units 
In June 2019, Dominion Energy issued $1.6 billion of 2019 Equity 
Units, initially in the form of 2019 Series A Corporate Units. The 
Corporate Units were listed on the NYSE under the symbol DCUE. 
The net proceeds were used for general corporate purposes and to 
repay short-term debt, including commercial paper. 
Each 2019 Series A Corporate Unit consisted of a stock pur-
chase contract and a 1/10, or 10%, undivided beneficial owner-
ship interest in one share of Series A Preferred Stock. Beginning 
in June 2022, the Series A Preferred Stock was convertible at the 
option of the holder. Settlement of any conversion was initially 
payable in cash, common stock or a combination thereof, at 
Dominion Energy’s election. In November 2021, Dominion 
Energy’s Articles of Incorporation were amended to require that 
any conversion of its Series A Preferred Stock be settled, at 
Dominion Energy’s election, either entirely in cash or in cash up 
to the first $1,000 per share and in shares of Dominion Energy 
common stock, cash or any combination thereof for any amounts 
in excess of $1,000 per share. As a result of establishing a mini-
mum amount to be settled in cash if the holders elect to convert 
the Series A Preferred Stock, $1.6 billion was reclassified from 
equity to mezzanine equity in 2021. The Series A Preferred Stock 
was redeemable in cash by Dominion Energy beginning 
September 2022 at the liquidation preference. 
The stock purchase contracts obligated the holders to purchase 
shares of Dominion Energy common stock in June 2022. The pur-
chase price paid under the stock purchase contracts was $100 per 
Corporate Unit and the number of shares purchased was determined 
under a formula based upon the average closing price of Dominion 
Energy common stock near the settlement date. See Note 20 for 
additional information. The Series A Preferred Stock had been 
pledged upon issuance as collateral to secure the purchase of com-
mon stock under the related stock purchase contracts. Dominion 
Energy paid cumulative dividends on the Series A Preferred Stock 
and quarterly contract adjustment payments on the stock purchase 
contracts, at the rates described below. 
137 

Combined Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements, Continued 
Pursuant to the terms of the 2019 Equity Units, Dominion 
Energy conducted a final remarketing of substantially all shares of 
Series A Preferred Stock in May 2022 which resulted in the divi-
dend rate for all shares of Series A Preferred Stock being reset to 
1.75% for the June 2022 through August 2022 dividend period 
and 6.75% effective September 2022. The conversion rate on the 
Series A Preferred Stock did not increase as a result of the 
remarketing. In May 2022, Dominion Energy received a 
commitment from a financial institution to purchase up to 
1.6 million shares of the Series A Preferred Stock in the final 
remarketing. Accordingly, following the settlement of the success-
ful remarketing and approval from its Board of Directors in June 
2022, Dominion Energy became obligated to redeem all out-
standing shares of Series A Preferred Stock in September 2022. As 
such, effective June 2022, the Series A Preferred Stock was 
considered to be mandatorily redeemable and was classified as a 
current liability. In addition, Dominion Energy made a short-
term deposit at the financial institution as described further in 
Note 9. Proceeds from the final remarketing were used on behalf 
of holders of 2019 Series A Corporate Units at the time of the 
remarketing to pay the purchase price to Dominion Energy for 
the issuance of its common stock under the stock purchase con-
tracts included in such corporate units in June 2022. In Sep-
tember 2022, Dominion Energy redeemed all outstanding shares 
of Series A Preferred Stock for $1.6 billion. 
Selected information about Dominion Energy’s 2019 Equity Units is presented below: 
Issuance Date 
Units 
Issued 
Total Net 
Proceeds(1) 
Total 
Preferred Stock(2) 
Cumulative 
Dividend Rate 
Stock Purchase 
Contract 
Annual Rate 
Stock Purchase 
Contract Liability(3) 
Stock Purchase 
Contract 
Settlement Date 
(millions except interest rates) 
 
 
6/14/2019 
16 
$1,582 
$1,610 
1.75% 
5.5% 
$250 
6/1/2022 
(1) Issuance costs of $28 million were recorded as a reduction to preferred stock ($14 million) and common stock ($14 million). In connection with the 
reclassification of the Series A Preferred Stock to mezzanine equity in 2021, the issuance costs originally recognized as a reduction to preferred stock were 
reclassified to common stock. 
(2) Dominion Energy recorded dividends of $12 million ($7.292 per share) for the year ended December 31, 2022. In addition, Dominion Energy recorded 
interest expense of $7 million on the Series A Preferred Stock for the year ended December 31, 2022, following the reclassification of these shares to a manda-
torily redeemable liability effective June 2022 as discussed above. 
(3) Payment of $44 million was made in 2022. 
Series B Preferred Stock 
In December 2019, Dominion Energy issued 800,000 shares of 
Series B Preferred Stock for $791 million, net of $9 million of 
issuance costs. The preferred stock had a liquidation preference of 
$1,000 per share and paid a 4.65% dividend per share on the 
liquidation preference. Dividends were paid cumulatively on a 
semi-annual basis, commencing June 15, 2020. The dividend rate 
for the Series B Preferred Stock was scheduled to reset every five 
years beginning on December 15, 2024 to equal the then-current 
five-year U.S. Treasury rate plus a spread of 2.993%. 
Dominion Energy was permitted to, at its option, redeem the 
Series B Preferred Stock in whole or in part on December 15, 
2024 or on any subsequent fifth anniversary of such date at a 
price equal to $1,000 per share plus any accumulated and unpaid 
dividends. Dominion Energy was also permitted to, at its option, 
redeem the Series B Preferred Stock in whole but not in part at a 
price equal to $1,020 per share plus any accumulated and unpaid 
dividends at any time within a certain period of time following 
any change in the criteria ratings agencies use to assign equity 
credit to securities such as the Series B Preferred Stock that had 
certain adverse effects on the equity credit actually received by the 
Series B Preferred Stock. 
In June 2024, Dominion Energy completed a tender offer 
repurchasing 0.4 million shares of Series B Preferred Stock and in 
December 2024 redeemed the remaining 0.4 million shares out-
standing. Dominion Energy recorded dividends of $24 million 
($42.86 per share) for the year ended December 31, 2024, 
excluding deemed dividends of $10 million representing deferred 
issuance costs, legal and bank fees and excise tax associated with 
the repurchase and redemption, and $37 million ($46.50 per 
share) for each of the years ended December 31, 2023 and 2022. 
Series C Preferred Stock 
In December 2021, Dominion Energy issued 750,000 shares of 
Series C Preferred Stock for $742 million, net of $8 million of 
issuance costs. Also in December 2021, Dominion Energy issued 
250,000 shares of Series C Preferred Stock valued at $250 million 
to the qualified benefit pension plans. The preferred stock has a 
liquidation preference of $1,000 per share and currently pays a 
4.35% dividend per share on the liquidation preference. Divi-
dends are paid cumulatively on a semi-annual basis, commencing 
April 15, 2022. Dominion Energy recorded dividends of 
$44 million ($43.50 per share) for each of the years ended 
December 31, 2024, 2023 and 2022. The dividend rate for the 
Series C Preferred Stock will be reset every five years beginning on 
April 15, 2027 to equal the then-current five-year U.S. Treasury 
rate plus a spread of 3.195%. Unless all accumulated and unpaid 
dividends on the Series C Preferred Stock have been declared and 
paid, Dominion Energy may not make any distributions on any 
of its capital stock ranking equal or junior to the Series C Pre-
ferred Stock as to dividends or upon liquidation, including 
through dividends, redemptions, repurchases or otherwise. 
Dominion Energy may, at its option, redeem the Series C 
Preferred Stock in whole or in part anytime from and including 
January 15, 2027 through and including April 15, 2027 or during 
any subsequent fifth anniversary of such period at a price equal to 
$1,000 per share plus any accumulated and unpaid dividends. 
Dominion Energy may also, at its option, redeem the Series C 
Preferred Stock in whole but not in part at a price equal to $1,020 
per share plus any accumulated and unpaid dividends at any time 
within a certain period of time following any change in the criteria 
ratings agencies use to assign equity credit to securities such as the 
Series C Preferred Stock that has certain adverse effects on the 
equity credit actually received by the Series C Preferred Stock. 
138 

Holders of the Series C Preferred Stock have no voting rights 
except in the limited circumstances provided for in the terms of 
the Series C Preferred Stock or as otherwise required by applicable 
law. The Series C Preferred Stock is not subject to any sinking 
fund or other obligation of ours to redeem, repurchase or retire 
the Series C Preferred Stock. The preferred stock contains no 
conversion rights. 
NOTE 20. EQUITY 
Common Stock 
DOMINION ENERGY 
During 2024, 2023 and 2022, Dominion Energy recorded, net of 
fees and commissions, $732 million, $94 million and $2.0 billion 
from the issuance of approximately 14 million, 2 million and 
25 million shares of common stock, respectively, as described below. 
DOMINION ENERGY DIRECT® AND EMPLOYEE SAVINGS 
PLANS 
Dominion Energy maintains Dominion Energy Direct® and a 
number of employee savings plans through which contributions 
may be invested in Dominion Energy’s common stock. These 
shares may either be newly issued or purchased on the open 
market with proceeds contributed to these plans. In January 
2021, Dominion Energy began issuing new shares of common 
stock for these direct stock purchase plans. In August 2023, 
Dominion Energy began purchasing its common stock on the 
open market for these direct stock purchase plans, and in March 
2024, began issuing new shares of common stock. During 2024, 
2023 and 2022, Dominion Energy issued 2.7 million, 1.7 million 
and 2.4 million, respectively, of such shares and received proceeds 
of $138 million, $94 million and $179 million, respectively. 
AT-THE-MARKET PROGRAM 
In 2020, Dominion Energy entered into sales agency agreements 
to effect sales under a new at-the-market program. Under the sales 
agency agreements, Dominion Energy could, from time to time, 
offer and sell shares of its common stock through the sales agents 
or enter into one or more forward sale agreements with respect to 
shares of its common stock. Sales by Dominion Energy through 
the sales agents or by forward sellers pursuant to a forward sale 
agreement cannot exceed $1.0 billion in the aggregate. In 
November 2021, Dominion Energy entered forward sale agree-
ments for approximately 1.1 million shares of its common stock 
to be settled by November 2022 at an initial forward price of 
$74.66 per share. Except in certain circumstances, Dominion 
Energy could have elected physical, cash or net settlement of the 
forward sale agreements. In November 2022, Dominion Energy 
provided notice to elect physical settlement of the forward sale 
agreements and in December 2022 received total proceeds of $78 
million. This program expired in June 2023. 
In May 2024, Dominion Energy entered into sales agency 
agreements to effect sales under a new at-the-market program. 
Under the sales agency agreements, Dominion Energy may, from 
time to time, offer and sell shares of its common stock through 
the sales agents or enter into one or more forward sale agreements 
with respect to shares of its common stock. Sales by Dominion 
Energy through the sales agents or by forward sellers pursuant to a 
forward sale agreement cannot exceed $1.8 billion in the 
aggregate. Through August 2024, Dominion Energy entered 
forward sale agreements for approximately 11.4 million shares of 
its common stock to be settled by the fourth quarter of 2024 at a 
weighted-average initial forward price of $53.23 per share. Except 
in certain circumstances, Dominion Energy could have elected 
physical, cash or net settlement of the forward sale agreements. In 
December 2024, Dominion Energy provided notice to elect phys-
ical settlement of the forward sale agreements and in December 
2024 settled the agreements at a weighted-average final forward 
price of $52.20 and received total proceeds of $594 million. 
Additionally, from September through December 2024, 
Dominion Energy entered forward sale agreements for approx-
imately 9.7 million shares of its common stock expected to be 
settled in the fourth quarter of 2025 at a weighted-average initial 
forward price of $57.78 per share. Except in certain circum-
stances, Dominion Energy can elect physical, cash or net settle-
ment of the forward sale agreements. 
OTHER ISSUANCES 
In May 2022, Dominion Energy issued 0.9 million shares of its 
common stock, valued at $72 million, to partially satisfy DESC’s 
remaining obligation under a settlement agreement with the 
SCDOR discussed in Note 23. 
In June 2022, Dominion Energy issued 0.4 million shares of 
its common stock, valued at $30 million, to partially satisfy its 
obligation under a settlement agreement for the State Court 
Merger Case discussed in Note 23. 
In June 2022, Dominion Energy issued 19.4 million shares of 
its common stock to settle the stock purchase contract component 
of the 2019 Equity Units, as discussed in Note 19, and received 
proceeds of $1.6 billion. 
REPURCHASE OF COMMON STOCK 
Dominion Energy did not repurchase any shares in 2024, 2023 or 
2022, except for shares tendered by employees to satisfy tax with-
holding obligations on vested restricted stock, which do not count 
against its stock repurchase authorization. 
In November 2020, the Board of Directors authorized the 
repurchase of up to $1.0 billion of Dominion Energy’s common 
stock, with $0.9 billion available as of December 31, 2024. This 
repurchase program does not include a specific timetable or price 
or volume targets and may be modified, suspended or terminated 
at any time. Shares may be purchased through open market or 
privately negotiated transactions or otherwise at the discretion of 
management subject to prevailing market conditions, applicable 
securities laws and other factors. 
VIRGINIA POWER 
In the fourth quarter of 2023, Virginia Power issued 49,522 
shares of its common stock to Dominion Energy for $3.25 billion 
with the proceeds utilized to repay substantially all of the out-
standing borrowings under Virginia Power’s intercompany credit 
facility with Dominion Energy. Virginia Power issued the shares 
pursuant to a Virginia Commission order authorizing the issuance 
of up to $3.25 billion of common stock to Dominion Energy 
through the end of 2023 as part of its reasonable efforts to main-
tain a common equity capitalization to total capitalization ratio of 
52.10% through December 2024 in accordance with legislation 
enacted in Virginia in April 2023 as discussed in Note 13. 
Virginia Power did not issue any shares of its common stock to 
Dominion Energy in 2024 or 2022. 
139 

Combined Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements, Continued 
Accumulated Other Comprehensive Income (Loss) 
DOMINION ENERGY 
The following table presents Dominion Energy’s changes in AOCI (net of tax) and reclassifications out of AOCI by component: 
Total 
Derivative- 
Hedging 
Activities(1)(2) 
Investment 
Securities(3) 
Pension and 
other 
postretirement 
benefit costs(4)(5) 
Equity 
Method 
Investees(6)  
Total 
(millions) 
Year Ended December 31, 2024 
Beginning balance 
$(216) 
$ — 
$ 43 
$(173) 
Other comprehensive income before reclassifications: gains (losses) 
13 
(22) 
(2) 
(11) 
Amounts reclassified from AOCI (gains) losses: 
Interest and related charges 
43 
 
43 
Other income (expense) 
— 
11 
(16) 
(5) 
Total 
43 
11 
(16) 
38 
Income tax expense (benefit) 
(11) 
(3) 
4 
(10) 
Total, net of tax 
32 
8 
(12) 
28 
Net current period other comprehensive income (loss) 
45 
(14) 
(14) 
17 
Ending balance 
$(171) 
$(14) 
$ 29 
$(156) 
Year Ended December 31, 2023 
 
 
 
Beginning balance 
$(249) 
$(44) 
$ 56 
$(3) $(240) 
Other comprehensive income before reclassifications: gains (losses) 
— 
55 
— 
— 
55 
Amounts reclassified from AOCI (gains) losses: 
 
 
 
Interest and related charges 
43 
— 
— 
— 
43 
Other income (expense) 
— 
(14) 
(18) 
— 
(32) 
Discontinued operations 
— 
— 
— 
4 
4 
Total 
43 
(14) 
(18) 
4 
15 
Income tax expense (benefit) 
(10) 
3 
5 
(1) 
(3) 
Total, net of tax 
33 
(11) 
(13) 
3 
12 
Net current period other comprehensive income (loss) 
33 
44 
(13) 
3 
67 
Ending balance 
$(216) 
$ — 
$ 43 
$— $(173) 
(1) Comprised entirely of interest rate derivative hedging activities. 
(2) Net of $58 million, $73 million and $83 million tax at December 31, 2024, 2023 and 2022, respectively. 
(3) Net of $5 million, $(2) million and $13 million tax at December 31, 2024, 2023 and 2022, respectively. 
(4) Comprised entirely of prior service cost. See Note 22 for additional information. 
(5) Net of $(9) million, $(14) million and $(19) million tax at December 31, 2024, 2023 and 2022, respectively. 
(6) Net of $— million and $1 million tax at December 31, 2023 and 2022, respectively. 
140 

VIRGINIA POWER 
The following table presents Virginia Power’s changes in AOCI (net of tax) and reclassification out of AOCI by component: 
Total 
Derivative- 
Hedging 
Activities(1)(2) 
Investment 
Securities(3)  
Total 
(millions) 
Year Ended December 31, 2024 
Beginning balance 
$15 
$ 1 
$16 
Other comprehensive income before reclassifications: gains (losses) 
13 
(5) 
8 
Amounts reclassified from AOCI (gains) losses: 
Other income (expense) 
— 
4 
4 
Total 
— 
4 
4 
Income tax expense (benefit) 
— 
(1) 
(1) 
Total, net of tax 
— 
3 
3 
Net current period other comprehensive income (loss) 
13 
(2) 
11 
Ending balance 
$28 
$(1) 
$27 
Year Ended December 31, 2023 
Beginning balance 
$16 
$(7) 
$ 9 
Other comprehensive income before reclassifications: gains (losses) 
(1) 
7 
6 
Amounts reclassified from AOCI (gains) losses: 
Interest and related charges 
1 
— 
1 
Other income (expense) 
— 
1 
1 
Total 
1 
1 
2 
Income tax expense (benefit) 
(1) 
— 
(1) 
Total, net of tax 
— 
1 
1 
Net current period other comprehensive income (loss) 
(1) 
8 
7 
Ending balance 
$15 
$ 1 
$16 
(1) Comprised entirely of interest rate derivative hedging activities. 
(2) Net of $(10) million, $(5) million and $(5) million tax at December 31, 2024, 2023 and 2022, respectively. 
(3) Net of $— million, $— million and $2 million tax at December 31, 2024, 2023 and 2022, respectively. 
Stock-Based Awards 
The 2024 Incentive Compensation Plan permits stock-based 
awards that include restricted stock, performance grants, goal-
based stock, stock options and stock appreciation rights. The 
Non-Employee Directors Compensation Plan permits grants of 
restricted stock and stock options. Under provisions of these 
plans, employees and non-employee directors may be granted 
options to purchase common stock at a price not less than its fair 
market value at the date of grant with a maximum term of eight 
years. Option terms are set at the discretion of the Compensation 
and Talent Development Committee of the Board of Directors or 
the Board of Directors itself, as provided under each plan. No 
options are outstanding under either plan. At December 31, 
2024, approximately 27 million shares were available for future 
grants under these plans. 
In 2022 and 2023, goal-based stock awards were granted in 
lieu of cash-based performance grants to certain officers who have 
not achieved a certain targeted level of share ownership prior to 
2024. Beginning in 2024, officers were granted performance 
share awards settling in shares or cash or, for officers who have 
not achieved a certain targeted level of share ownership at the 
time of grant, settling in shares. At both December 31, 2024 and 
2023, unrecognized compensation cost related to these awards 
was inconsequential. 
Dominion Energy measures and recognizes compensation 
expense relating to share-based payment transactions over the 
vesting period based on the fair value of the equity or liability 
instruments issued. Dominion Energy’s results for the years ended 
December 31, 2024, 2023 and 2022 include $53 million, 
$44 million and $36 million, respectively, of compensation costs 
and $12 million, $10 million and $7 million, respectively, of 
income tax benefits related to Dominion Energy’s stock-based 
compensation arrangements. Stock-based compensation cost is 
reported in other operations and maintenance expense in Domin-
ion Energy’s Consolidated Statements of Income. Excess Tax 
Benefits are classified as a financing cash flow. 
141 

Combined Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements, Continued 
RESTRICTED STOCK 
Restricted stock grants are made to officers under Dominion 
Energy’s LTIP and may also be granted to certain key non-officer 
employees. The fair value of Dominion Energy’s restricted stock 
awards is equal to the closing price of Dominion Energy’s stock 
on the date of grant. New shares are issued for restricted stock 
awards on the date of grant and generally vest over a three-year 
service period. The following table provides a summary of 
restricted stock activity for the years ended December 31, 2024, 
2023 and 2022: 
 
Shares 
Weighted—Average 
Grant Date Fair 
Value 
 
(millions) 
Nonvested at December 31, 2021 
1.3 
$ 76.65 
Granted 
0.6 
75.08 
Vested 
(0.4) 
77.87 
Cancelled and forfeited 
(0.1) 
73.15 
Nonvested at December 31, 2022 
1.4 
$75.56 
Granted 
1.0 
48.99 
Vested 
(0.4) 
79.89 
Cancelled and forfeited 
(0.1) 
53.36 
Nonvested at December 31, 2023 
1.9 
$61.34 
Granted 
0.7 
55.58 
Vested 
(0.5) 
71.05 
Cancelled and forfeited 
(0.2) 
43.13 
Nonvested at December 31, 2024 
1.9 
$57.10 
As of December 31, 2024, unrecognized compensation cost 
related to nonvested restricted stock awards totaled $70 million 
and is expected to be recognized over a weighted-average period 
of 2.1 years. The fair value of restricted stock awards that vested 
was $25 million, $20 million and $31 million in 2024, 2023 and 
2022, respectively. Employees may elect to have shares of 
restricted stock withheld upon vesting to satisfy tax withholding 
obligations. The number of shares withheld will vary for each 
employee depending on the vesting date fair market value of 
Dominion Energy stock and the applicable federal, state and local 
tax withholding rates. 
CASH-BASED PERFORMANCE GRANTS 
Prior to 2024, cash-based performance grants were issued to 
Dominion Energy’s officers under Dominion Energy’s LTIP. The 
actual payout of cash-based performance grants will vary between 
zero and 200% of the targeted amount based on the level of per-
formance metrics achieved. 
In February 2021, a cash-based performance grant was made 
to officers. Payout of the performance grant occurred in January 
2024 based on the achievement of two performance metrics dur-
ing 2021, 2022 and 2023: TSR relative to that of companies that 
are members of Dominion Energy’s compensation peer group and 
ROIC. There is an additional opportunity to earn a portion of 
the award based on Dominion Energy’s relative price-earnings 
ratio performance. The total of the payout under the grant was 
$4 million, all of which was accrued at December 31, 2023. 
In February 2022, a cash-based performance grant was made 
to officers. Payout of the performance grant occurred in January 
2025 based on the achievement of three performance metrics 
during 2022, 2023 and 2024: TSR relative to that of companies 
that are members of Dominion Energy’s compensation peer 
group, Cumulative Operating EPS and Non-Carbon Emitting 
Generation Capacity Performance. There was an additional 
opportunity to earn a portion of the award based on Dominion 
Energy’s relative price-earnings ratio performance. The total of 
the payout under the grant was $5 million, all of which was 
accrued at December 31, 2024. 
In February 2023, a cash-based performance grant was made 
to officers. Payout of the performance grant is expected to occur 
by March 15, 2026 based on the achievement of three perform-
ance metrics during 2023, 2024 and 2025: TSR relative to that of 
companies that are members of Dominion Energy’s compensa-
tion peer group over a 3-year and a 2-year period and Non-
Carbon Emitting Generation Capacity Performance. For officers 
other than the CEO, there is an additional opportunity to earn a 
portion of the award based on Dominion Energy’s relative price-
earnings ratio performance. At December 31, 2024, the targeted 
amount of the three-year grant was $15 million and a liability of 
$11 million had been accrued for this award. 
PERFORMANCE SHARE AWARDS 
Performance share awards are granted under Dominion Energy’s 
LTIP. The performance share awards are settled in cash at the end 
of the three-year performance period if certain ownership 
requirements are satisfied. If the ownership requirements have not 
been met at the time of grant, then the performance share awards 
are settled in common stock. 
In February 2024, a performance share grant was made to 
officers. Payout of the performance grant is expected to occur by 
March 15, 2027, based on the achievement of three performance 
metrics during 2024, 2025 and 2026: TSR relative to that of 
companies that are members of Dominion Energy’s compensa-
tion peer group, Cumulative Operating EPS and Non-Carbon 
Emitting Generation Capacity Performance. At December 31, 
2024, the targeted amount of the three-year grant was 
$26 million and a liability of $8 million had been accrued for 
this award. 
NOTE 21. DIVIDEND RESTRICTIONS 
The Virginia Commission may prohibit any public service com-
pany, including Virginia Power, from declaring or paying a divi-
dend to an affiliate if found to be inconsistent with the public 
interest. At December 31, 2024, the Virginia Commission had 
not restricted the payment of dividends by Virginia Power. 
The North Carolina Commission, in its order approving the 
SCANA Combination, limited cumulative dividends payable to 
Dominion Energy by Virginia Power to (i) the amount of retained 
earnings the day prior to closing of the SCANA Combination plus 
(ii) any future earnings recorded by Virginia Power after such clos-
ing. In addition, notice to the North Carolina Commission is 
required if payment of dividends causes the equity component of 
Virginia Power’s capital structure to fall below 45%. 
There is no specific restriction from the South Carolina 
Commission on the payment of dividends paid by DESC. Pur-
suant to the SCANA Merger Approval Order, the amount of any 
DESC dividends paid must be reasonable and consistent with the 
long-term payout ratio of the electric utility industry and gas dis-
tribution industry. 
142 

DESC’s bond indenture under which it issues first mortgage 
bonds contains provisions that could limit the payment of cash 
dividends on its common stock. DESC’s bond indenture permits 
the payment of dividends on DESC’s common stock only either 
(1) out of its Surplus (as defined in the bond indenture) or (2) in 
case there is no Surplus, out of its net profits for the fiscal year in 
which the dividend is declared and/or the preceding fiscal year. 
At December 31, 2024, DESC’s retained earnings exceed the 
balance established by the Federal Power Act as a reserve on earn-
ings attributable to hydroelectric generation plants. As a result, 
DESC is permitted to pay dividends without additional regu-
latory approval provided that such amounts would not bring the 
retained earnings balance below the established threshold. 
See Notes 18 and 19 for a description of potential restrictions 
on common stock dividend payments by Dominion Energy in 
connection with the deferral of interest payments on the junior 
subordinated notes or a failure to pay dividends on the Series C 
Preferred Stock. 
NOTE 22. EMPLOYEE BENEFIT PLANS 
Defined Benefit Plans 
Dominion Energy provides certain retirement benefits to eligible 
active employees, retirees and qualifying dependents. Under the 
terms of its benefit plans, Dominion Energy reserves the right to 
change, modify or terminate the plans. From time to time in the 
past, benefits have changed, and some of these changes have 
reduced benefits. 
Dominion Energy maintains qualified noncontributory 
defined benefit pension plans covering virtually all employees who 
commenced employment prior to July 2021. Retirement benefits 
are based primarily on years of service, age and the employee’s 
compensation. Dominion Energy’s funding policy is to contrib-
ute annually an amount that is in accordance with the provisions 
of ERISA. The pension programs also provide benefits to certain 
retired executives under company-sponsored nonqualified 
employee benefit plans. The nonqualified plans are funded 
through contributions to grantor trusts. Dominion Energy also 
provides retiree healthcare and life insurance benefits with annual 
employee premiums based on several factors such as age, retire-
ment date and years of service. 
Pension and other postretirement benefit costs are affected by 
employee demographics (including age, compensation levels and 
years of service), the level of contributions made to the plans and 
earnings on plan assets. These costs may also be affected by 
changes in key assumptions, including expected long-term rates of 
return on plan assets, discount rates, healthcare cost trend rates, 
mortality rates and the rate of compensation increases. 
Dominion Energy uses December 31 as the measurement date 
for all of its employee benefit plans. Dominion Energy immedi-
ately recognizes the change in the fair value of plan assets and 
liabilities and net actuarial gains and losses annually in the fourth 
quarter of each fiscal year as well as whenever a triggering event 
occurs that is determined to require remeasurement. Actuarial 
losses attributable to Dominion Energy’s rate regulated operations 
are deferred to regulatory assets when it is probable that regulators 
will permit them to be recovered from customers in future rates. 
Likewise, actuarial gains attributable to Dominion Energy’s rate 
regulated operations are deferred to regulatory liabilities when it is 
probable that regulators will require customer refunds or other 
benefits through future rates. 
Dominion Energy’s pension and other postretirement benefit 
plans hold investments in trusts to fund employee benefit pay-
ments. Dominion Energy’s pension and other postretirement plan 
assets experienced aggregate actual returns of $738 million and 
$1.2 billion in 2024 and 2023, respectively, versus expected 
returns of $982 million and $1.0 billion, respectively. Any 
investment-related declines in these trusts are immediately recog-
nized in earnings and will be included in the determination of the 
amount of cash to be contributed to the employee benefit plans. 
Pension and Other Postretirement Benefit Plan Remeasurements 
As a result of the East Ohio and Questar Gas Transactions in 
2024, Dominion Energy remeasured its pension and other post-
retirement benefit plans. The remeasurements resulted in 
$217 million ($162 million after-tax) of higher market related 
impacts on pension and other postretirement plans related to the 
East Ohio and Questar Gas Transactions, reflected in other 
income (expense) in Dominion Energy’s Consolidated Statement 
of Income. The discount rates used for the remeasurements 
related to the East Ohio and Questar Gas Transactions were 
5.62% and 5.75% for the pension plans and 5.61%-5.62% and 
5.74% for the other postretirement benefit plans, respectively. All 
other assumptions used for the remeasurements were consistent 
with the measurement as of December 31, 2023. 
143 

Combined Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements, Continued 
FUNDED STATUS 
The following table summarizes the changes in pension plan and other postretirement benefit plan obligations and plan assets and includes 
a statement of the plans’ funded status for Dominion Energy: 
Pension Benefits 
Other Postretirement Benefits 
Year Ended December 31, 
2024 
2023 
2024 
2023 
(millions, except percentages) 
Changes in benefit obligation: 
Benefit obligation at beginning of year 
$ 
8,431 
$ 
8,066 
$ 
1,109 
$ 
1,127 
Service cost 
83 
96 
11 
14 
Interest cost 
431 
442 
57 
61 
Benefits paid 
(504) 
(493) 
(88) 
(94) 
Actuarial (gain) loss during the year 
(404) 
322 
(43) 
1 
Plan amendments 
30 
2 
— 
— 
Settlements and curtailments(1) 
(415) 
(4) 
(28) 
— 
Benefit obligation at end of year 
$ 
7,652 
$ 
8,431 
$ 
1,018 
$ 
1,109 
Changes in fair value of plan assets: 
Fair value of plan assets at beginning of year 
$ 
9,087 
$ 
8,694 
$ 
2,062 
$ 
1,845 
Actual return gain (loss) on plan assets 
503 
882 
235 
277 
Employer contributions 
76 
8 
— 
— 
Benefits paid 
(504) 
(493) 
(54) 
(60) 
Settlements(2) 
(684) 
(4) 
(40) 
— 
Fair value of plan assets at end of year 
$ 
8,478 
$ 
9,087 
$ 
2,203 
$ 
2,062 
Funded status at end of year 
$ 
826 
$ 
656 
$ 
1,185 
$ 
953 
Amounts recognized in the Consolidated Balance Sheets at December 31: 
Noncurrent pension and other postretirement benefit assets 
$ 
883 
$ 
647 
$ 
1,356 
$ 
1,132 
Assets held for sale 
— 
308 
— 
13 
Other current liabilities 
(7) 
(27) 
(13) 
(13) 
Noncurrent pension and other postretirement benefit liabilities(3) 
(50) 
(237) 
(158) 
(179) 
Liabilities held for sale 
— 
(35) 
— 
— 
Net amount recognized 
$ 
826 
$ 
656 
$ 
1,185 
$ 
953 
Significant assumptions used to determine benefit obligations as of December 31: 
Discount rate 
5.84%-5.87% 
5.37%-5.47% 
5.83%-5.86% 
5.40%-5.42% 
Weighted-average rate of increase for compensation 
4.40% 
4.28% 
n/a 
n/a 
Crediting interest rate for cash balance and similar plans 
4.59%-4.62% 
4.12%-4.22% 
n/a 
n/a 
(1) 2024 amounts include settlements and curtailment related to the East Ohio and Questar Gas Transactions. Additionally, 2024 and 2023 amounts include 
settlements of nonqualified pension obligations. 
(2) 2024 amounts include settlements related to the East Ohio and Questar Gas Transactions. Additionally, 2024 and 2023 include amounts related to settle-
ments of nonqualified pension obligations. 
(3) Presented within other deferred credits and other liabilities in Dominion Energy’s Consolidated Balance Sheets. 
Actuarial gains recognized during 2024 in Dominion Energy’s 
pension benefit obligations were $404 million primarily driven by 
an increase in the discount rate. Actuarial losses recognized during 
2023 in Dominion Energy’s pension benefit obligations were 
$322 million primarily driven by a decrease in the discount rate. 
Actuarial gains recognized during 2024 in Dominion Energy’s 
other postretirement benefit obligations were $43 million primar-
ily driven by an increase in the discount rate. Actuarial losses 
recognized during 2023 in Dominion Energy’s other postretire-
ment benefit obligations were $1 million primarily driven by a 
$29 million loss due to a decrease in the discount rate that was 
largely offset by a $28 million gain from favorable claims and 
other experience. 
The ABO for all of Dominion Energy’s defined benefit pen-
sion plans was $7.4 billion and $8.1 billion at December 31, 
2024 and 2023, respectively. 
Under its funding policies, Dominion Energy evaluates plan 
funding requirements annually, usually in the fourth quarter after 
receiving updated plan information from its actuary. Based on the 
funded status of each plan and other factors, Dominion Energy 
determines the amount of contributions for the current year, if 
any, at that time. Dominion Energy expects to make $22 million 
of minimum required contributions to its qualified defined bene-
fit pension plans in 2025. Dominion Energy also considers 
voluntary contributions from time to time, either in the form of 
cash or equity securities. 
Certain of Dominion Energy’s subsidiaries fund other post-
retirement benefit costs through VEBAs. Dominion Energy’s 
remaining subsidiaries do not prefund other postretirement bene-
fit costs but instead pay claims as presented. Dominion Energy 
did not make any contributions to VEBAs associated with its 
other postretirement plans in 2024 and 2023. Dominion Energy 
is not required to make any contributions to its VEBAs associated 
with its other postretirement plans in 2025. Dominion Energy 
considers voluntary contributions from time to time, either in the 
form of cash or equity securities. 
144 

The following table provides information on the benefit obli­
gations and fair value of plan assets for plans with a benefit 
obligation in excess of plan assets for Dominion Energy: 
 
Pension Benefits 
Other Postretirement 
Benefits 
As of December 31, 
2024 
2023 
2024 
2023 
(millions) 
 
 
 
 
Benefit obligation 
$724 
$7,996 
$171 
$195 
Fair value of plan assets 
666 
7,697 
— 
4 
The following table provides information on the ABO and 
fair value of plan assets for Dominion Energy’s pension plans with 
an ABO in excess of plan assets: 
As of December 31, 
2024 
2023 
(millions) 
 
Accumulated benefit obligation 
$715 
$792 
Fair value of plan assets 
666 
654 
The following benefit payments, which reflect expected future 
service, as appropriate, are expected to be paid for Dominion 
Energy’s plans: 
 
Estimated Future Benefit Payments 
 
Pension Benefits 
Other Postretirement 
Benefits 
(millions) 
2025 
$ 537 
$ 89 
2026 
539 
88 
2027 
546 
87 
2028 
555 
85 
2029 
561 
84 
2030-2034 
2,871 
403 
PLAN ASSETS 
Dominion Energy’s overall objective for investing its pension and 
other postretirement plan assets is to achieve appropriate long-
term rates of return commensurate with prudent levels of risk. To 
minimize risk, funds are broadly diversified among asset classes, 
investment strategies and investment advisors. In December 
2024, Dominion Energy revised its long-term strategic target asset 
allocation for its pension funds to 30% public equity (inclusive of 
both U.S. equity and non-U.S. equity), 27% fixed income and 
43% other alternative investments. Public equity includes 
investments in U.S. and non-U.S. large-cap, mid-cap and small-
cap companies. Fixed income includes government securities and 
cash. The public equity and fixed income investments are in 
individual securities as well as mutual funds and exchange traded 
funds. Other alternative investments include private equity, typi-
cally through limited partnerships, and credit and absolute return 
strategies which include investments in public debt, private debt 
and hedge funds. 
Through December 2024, the long-term strategic target asset 
allocations for substantially all of Dominion Energy’s pension 
funds were 26% U.S. equity, 19% non-U.S. equity, 32% fixed 
income, 3% real assets and 20% other alternative investments. 
U.S. equity includes investments in large-cap, mid-cap and small-
cap companies located in the U.S. Non-U.S. equity includes 
investments in large-cap, mid-cap and small-cap companies 
located outside of the U.S. including both developed and emerg-
ing markets. Fixed income includes corporate debt instruments of 
companies from diversified industries and U.S. Treasuries. The 
U.S. equity, non-U.S. equity and fixed income investments are in 
individual securities as well as mutual funds and exchange-traded 
funds. Real assets include investments in real estate investment 
trusts and private partnerships. Other alternative investments 
include partnership investments in private equity-debt and hedge 
funds that follow several different strategies. 
Strategic investment policies are established for Dominion 
Energy’s prefunded benefit plans based upon periodic asset/ 
liability studies. Factors considered in setting the investment 
policy include employee demographics, liability growth rates, 
future discount rates, the funded status of the plans and the 
expected long-term rate of return on plan assets. Deviations from 
the plans’ strategic allocation are a function of Dominion 
Energy’s assessments regarding short-term risk and reward oppor-
tunities in the capital markets and/or short-term market move-
ments which result in the plans’ actual asset allocations varying 
from the strategic target asset allocations. Through periodic 
rebalancing, actual allocations are brought back in line with the 
target. Future asset/liability studies will focus on strategies to fur-
ther reduce pension and other postretirement plan risk, while still 
achieving attractive levels of returns. Financial derivatives may be 
used to obtain or manage market exposures and to hedge assets 
and liabilities. 
For fair value measurement policies and procedures related to 
pension and other postretirement benefit plan assets, see Note 2. 
145 

Combined Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements, Continued 
The fair values of Dominion Energy’s pension plan assets by asset category are as follows: 
At December 31, 
2024 
 
 
 
2023 
 
 
 
Level 1 
Level 2 
Level 3 
Total 
Level 1 
Level 2 
Level 3 
Total 
(millions) 
Cash and cash equivalents 
$ 395 
$ 
— 
$— 
$ 395 
$ 
21 
$ 
9 
$— 
$ 
30 
Common and preferred stocks: 
U.S. 
1,004 
— 
— 
1,004 
1,145 
— 
— 
1,145 
International 
723 
1 
— 
724 
944 
2 
— 
946 
Insurance contracts 
— 
139 
73 
212 
— 
162 
— 
162 
Corporate debt instruments 
70 
486 
11 
567 
74 
750 
— 
824 
Government securities 
16 
1,303 
— 
1,319 
43 
1,720 
— 
1,763 
Total recorded at fair value 
$2,208 
$1,929 
$84 
$4,221 
$2,227 
$2,643 
$— 
$4,870 
Assets recorded at NAV(1): 
Commingled funds/collective trust funds 
1,771 
2,012 
Alternative investments: 
Real estate funds 
37 
67 
Private equity funds 
1,304 
1,395 
Debt funds 
188 
236 
Hedge funds 
319 
239 
Total recorded at NAV 
$3,619 
$3,949 
Total investments(2) 
$7,840 
$8,819 
(1) These investments that are measured at fair value using the NAV per share (or its equivalent) as a practical expedient are not required to be categorized in 
the fair value hierarchy. 
(2) Excludes net assets related to pending sales of securities and advanced subscription of $633 million, net accrued income of $21 million, and includes net assets 
related to pending purchases of securities of $16 million at December 31, 2024. Excludes net assets related to pending sales of securities of $298 million, net 
accrued income of $24 million, and includes net assets related to pending purchases of securities of $54 million at December 31, 2023. 
The fair values of Dominion Energy’s other postretirement plan assets by asset category are as follows: 
At December 31, 
2024 
2023 
Level 1 
Level 2 
Level 3 
Total 
Level 1 
Level 2 
Level 3 
Total 
(millions) 
Cash and cash equivalents 
$ 
7 
 $ — 
$— 
$ 
7 
$
3
 
 
$
1
 
$—
 $
 4
 
Common and preferred stocks: 
U.S. 
946 
— 
— 
946 
757 
— 
— 
757 
International 
74 
— 
— 
74 
194 
— 
— 
194 
Insurance contracts 
— 
8 
5 
13 
— 
10 
— 
10 
Corporate debt instruments 
183 
30 
1 
214 
4 
36 
— 
40 
Government securities 
165 
82 
— 
247 
3 
100 
— 
103 
Total recorded at fair value 
$1,375 
$120 
$ 6 
$1,501 
$961 
$147 
$— 
$1,108 
Assets recorded at NAV(1): 
Commingled funds/collective trust funds 
495 
725 
Alternative investments: 
Real estate funds 
9 
11 
Private equity funds 
147 
173 
Debt funds 
12 
14 
Hedge funds 
20 
14 
Total recorded at NAV 
$ 683 
$ 937 
Total investments(2) 
$2,184 
$2,045 
(1) These investments that are measured at fair value using the NAV per share (or its equivalent) as a practical expedient are not required to be categorized in 
the fair value hierarchy. 
(2) Excludes net assets related to pending sales of securities and advanced subscription of $19 million, net accrued income of $2 million, and includes net assets related 
to pending purchases of securities of $2 million at December 31, 2024. Excludes net assets related to pending sales of securities and advanced subscription of 
$17 million, net accrued income of $2 million, and includes net assets related to pending purchases of securities of $2 million at December 31, 2023. 
146 

The following table presents the net change in the Dominion 
Energy’s pension and other postretirement plan assets included in 
the Level 3 fair value category: 
Pension Benefits 
Other Postretirement 
Benefits 
(millions) 
2024 
2023 
2022 
2024 
2023 
2022 
Beginning balance 
$— 
$— 
$— 
$— 
$— 
$— 
Total realized and 
unrealized gains: 
— 
— 
— 
— 
— 
— 
Purchases 
11 
— 
— 
1 
— 
— 
Transfers into Level 3 
73 
— 
— 
5 
— 
— 
Ending balance 
$84 
$— 
$— 
$ 6  
$— 
$— 
The plan assets investments are determined based on the fair 
values of the investments and the underlying investments, which 
have been determined as follows: 
• 
Cash and Cash Equivalents—Represents interest-bearing 
cash, foreign cash and money market funds. Interest-bearing 
cash and money market funds are valued at cost plus accrued 
interest. The foreign cash balances are valued at the amount 
held and translated on the reporting date based on prevailing 
exchange rates. Foreign cash and money market funds are 
classified as Level 1. The interest-bearing cash is held in 
variation margin and with various brokers, which are less 
liquid and therefore are classified as Level 2.  
• 
Common and Preferred Stocks—Investments are valued at the 
closing price reported on the active market on which the 
individual securities are traded. Investments in certain pre-
ferred stocks are classified as Level 2 and are valued using 
pricing models maximizing the use of observable inputs for 
similar securities. This includes basing value on yields cur-
rently available on comparable securities of issuers with sim-
ilar credit ratings.  
• 
Insurance Contracts—Investments in Group Annuity Con-
tracts are stated at fair value based on the fair value of the 
underlying securities as provided by the managers and 
include investments in U.S. government securities, corporate 
debt instruments and state and municipal debt securities. 
• 
Corporate Debt Instruments—Investments are valued using 
pricing models maximizing the use of observable inputs for 
similar securities. This includes basing value on yields cur-
rently available for comparable securities of issuers with sim-
ilar credit ratings. When quoted prices are not available for 
identical or similar instruments, the instrument is valued 
under a discounted cash flows approach that maximizes 
observable inputs, such as current yields of similar instru-
ments, but includes adjustments for certain risks that may 
not be observable, such as credit and liquidity risks or a 
broker quote, if available. 
• 
Government Securities—Investments are valued using pricing 
models maximizing the use of observable inputs for similar 
securities.  
• 
Commingled Funds/Collective Trust Funds—Commingled 
funds/collective trust funds invest in debt and equity secu-
rities and other instruments with characteristics similar to 
those of the funds’ benchmarks. The primary objectives of 
the funds are to seek investment returns that approximate 
the overall performance of their benchmark indexes. These 
benchmarks are major equity indices, fixed income indices 
and money market indices that focus on growth, income and 
liquidity strategies, as applicable. Investments in com-
mingled funds/collective trust funds are stated at the NAV as 
determined by the issuer of the commingled funds/collective 
trust funds and are based on the fair value of the underlying 
investments held by the fund less its liabilities. The NAV is 
used as a practical expedient to estimate fair value. The 
commingled funds/collective trust funds do not have any 
unfunded commitments, and do not have any applicable 
liquidation periods or defined terms/periods to be held. The 
majority of these funds have redemption restrictions allow-
ing investors to redeem capital on a periodic basis.  
• 
Alternative Investments—Investments in private real estate 
funds, private equity funds, private debt funds and hedge 
funds are stated at fair value based on the NAV of the plan’s 
proportionate share of the partnership, joint venture or other 
alternative investment’s fair value as determined by reference 
to audited financial statements or NAV statements provided 
by the investment manager. The NAV, which is used as a 
practical expedient to estimate fair value, is adjusted for 
contributions and distributions occurring between the 
investment manager and Dominion Energy’s measurement 
date. These valuations also involve assumptions and methods 
that are reviewed, evaluated, and adjusted, if necessary, by 
Dominion Energy.  
NET PERIODIC BENEFIT (CREDIT) COST 
The service cost component of net periodic benefit (credit) cost is reflected in other operations and maintenance expense in Dominion 
Energy’s Consolidated Statements of Income, except for $5 million, $18 million and $25 million for the years ended December 31, 2024, 
2023 and 2022, respectively, presented in discontinued operations. The non-service cost components of net periodic benefit (credit) cost 
are reflected in other income (expense) in Dominion Energy’s Consolidated Statements of Income, except for $12 million, $(46) million 
and $(81) million for the years ended December 31, 2024, 2023 and 2022, respectively, presented in discontinued operations. The 
147 

Combined Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements, Continued 
components of the provision for net periodic benefit (credit) cost and amounts recognized in other comprehensive income and regulatory 
assets and liabilities for Dominion Energy plans are as follows: 
Pension Benefits 
Other Postretirement Benefits 
Year Ended December 31, 
2024 
2023 
2022 
2024 
2023 
2022 
(millions, except percentages) 
Service cost 
$ 
83 $ 
96 $ 
142 $ 
11 $ 
14 $ 
22 
Interest cost 
431 
442 
333 
57 
61 
45 
Expected return on plan assets 
(811) 
(864) 
(886) 
(171) 
(151) 
(191) 
Amortization of prior service (credit) cost 
1 
— 
— 
(36) 
(36) 
(38) 
Net actuarial (gain) loss 
(96) 
304 
726 
(107) 
(125) 
246 
Settlements, curtailments and special termination 
benefits(1) 
(56) 
— 
(3) 
(4) 
— 
(8) 
Plan amendment 
22 
— 
— 
— 
— 
— 
Net periodic benefit (credit) cost 
$ 
(426) $ 
(22) $ 
312 $ 
(250) $ 
(237) $ 
76 
Changes in plan assets and benefit obligations recognized 
in other comprehensive income and regulatory assets and 
liabilities: 
Prior service (credit) cost 
6 
2 
1 
4 
— 
8 
Less amounts included in net periodic benefit cost: 
Amortization of prior service credit (cost) 
(1) 
— 
— 
36 
36 
38 
Total recognized in other comprehensive income and 
regulatory assets and liabilities 
$ 
5 $ 
2 
 
$ 
1 $ 
40 $ 
36 $ 
46 
Significant assumptions used to determine 
periodic cost: 
Discount rate 
5.37%-5.75% 5.65%-5.75% 3.06%-3.19% 5.40%-5.74% 5.69%-5.70% 3.04%-5.03% 
Expected long-term rate of return on plan assets 
7.00%-8.35% 7.00%-8.35% 7.00%-8.35% 
8.35% 
8.35% 
8.35% 
Weighted-average rate of increase for compensation 
4.28% 
4.38% 
4.51% 
n/a 
n/a 
n/a 
Crediting interest rate for cash balance and similar plans 
4.12%-4.50% 4.40%-4.50% 1.81%-1.94% 
n/a 
n/a 
n/a 
Healthcare cost trend rate(2) 
7.00% 
7.00% 
6.25% 
Rate to which the cost trend rate is assumed to decline 
(the ultimate trend rate)(2) 
5.00% 
5.00% 
5.00% 
Year that the rate reaches the ultimate trend rate(2) 
2031 
2030 
2026-2027 
(1) 2024 amounts relate primarily to the East Ohio Transaction. 2022 amounts relate primarily to Dominion Energy’s sale of Hope. 
(2) Assumptions used to determine net periodic cost for the following year. 
The components of AOCI and regulatory assets and liabilities for 
Dominion Energy’s plans that have not been recognized as 
components of net periodic benefit (credit) cost are as follows: 
 
Pension Benefits 
Other 
Postretirement 
Benefits 
At December 31, 
2024 
2023 
2024 
2023 
(millions) 
Regulatory assets and 
liabilities(1): 
Net actuarial loss (gain) 
$496 $1,237 
$ (65) 
$ (56) 
Prior service cost (credit) 
8 
2 
(41) 
(61) 
AOCI: 
Prior service cost (credit) 
2 
3 
(40) 
(60) 
Total 
$506 $1,242 
$(146) 
$(177) 
(1) At December 31, 2023, includes $173 million presented in assets and 
liabilities held for sale. 
The expected long-term rates of return on plan assets, dis-
count rates, healthcare cost trend rates and mortality are critical 
assumptions in determining net periodic benefit (credit) cost. 
Dominion Energy develops non-investment related assumptions, 
which are then compared to the forecasts of an independent 
investment advisor to ensure reasonableness. An internal commit-
tee selects the final assumptions used for Dominion Energy’s 
pension and other postretirement plans including discount rates, 
expected long-term rates of return, healthcare cost trend rates and 
mortality rates. 
Dominion Energy determines the expected long-term rates of 
return on plan assets for its pension plans and other postretire-
ment benefit plans by using a combination of: 
• 
Expected inflation and risk-free interest rate assumptions; 
• 
Historical return analysis to determine long term historic 
returns as well as historic risk premiums for various asset 
classes; 
• 
Expected future risk premiums, asset classes’ volatilities and 
correlations; 
• 
Forward-looking return expectations derived from the yield 
on long-term bonds and the expected long-term returns of 
major capital market assumptions; and 
• 
Investment allocation of plan assets. 
Dominion Energy determines discount rates from analyses of AA/ 
Aa rated bonds with cash flows matching the expected payments 
to be made under its plans. 
Mortality rates are developed from actual and projected plan 
experience for postretirement benefit plans. Dominion Energy’s 
actuary conducts an experience study periodically as part of the 
process to select its best estimate of mortality. Dominion Energy 
148 

considers both standard mortality tables and improvement factors 
as well as the plans’ actual experience when selecting a best esti-
mate. 
Assumed healthcare cost trend rates have a significant effect 
on the amounts reported for Dominion Energy’s retiree health-
care plans. Dominion Energy establishes the healthcare cost trend 
rate assumption based on analyses of various factors including the 
specific provisions of its medical plans, actual cost trends experi-
enced and projected and demographics of plan participants. 
Other Employee Matters 
In the first quarter of 2024, Dominion Energy recorded a charge 
of $23 million ($17 million after-tax) within discontinued oper-
ations in the Consolidated Statements of Income attributable to a 
contribution to its defined contribution employee savings plan 
associated with the closing of the East Ohio Transaction. In addi-
tion, in the first quarter of 2024, Dominion Energy recorded a 
charge of $13 million ($10 million after-tax) in other operations 
and maintenance expense in the Consolidated Statements of 
Income related to a severance accrual for certain employees in 
connection with the business review. 
Virginia Power Participation in Defined Benefit Plans 
Virginia Power employees are covered by the Dominion Energy 
Pension Plan described above. As a participating employer, 
Virginia Power is subject to Dominion Energy’s funding policy, 
which is to contribute annually an amount that is in accordance 
with ERISA. Virginia Power made no contribution payments to 
the Dominion Energy Pension Plan during 2024 and 2023. 
During 2022, Virginia Power made payments to Dominion 
Energy of $172 million, related to its participation in the Domin-
ion Energy Pension Plan. Virginia Power’s net periodic pension 
cost related to this plan was $49 million, $34 million and 
$72 million in 2024, 2023 and 2022, respectively. Net periodic 
benefit (credit) cost is reflected in other operations and main-
tenance expense in Virginia Power’s Consolidated Statements of 
Income. The funded status of various Dominion Energy sub-
sidiary groups and employee compensation are the basis for 
determining the share of total pension costs for participating 
Dominion Energy subsidiaries. See Note 25 for Virginia Power 
amounts due to/from Dominion Energy related to this plan. 
Retiree healthcare and life insurance benefits, for Virginia 
Power employees are covered by the Dominion Energy Retiree 
Health and Welfare Plan described above. Virginia Power’s net 
periodic benefit (credit) cost related to this plan was 
$(72) million, $(60) million and $(81) million in 2024, 2023 
and 2022, respectively. Net periodic benefit (credit) cost is 
reflected in other operations and maintenance expense in Virginia 
Power’s Consolidated Statements of Income. Employee head-
count is the basis for determining the share of total other post-
retirement benefit costs for participating Dominion Energy 
subsidiaries. See Note 25 for Virginia Power amounts due to/ 
from Dominion Energy related to this plan. 
Dominion Energy holds investments in trusts to fund 
employee benefit payments for the pension and other postretire-
ment benefit plans in which Virginia Power’s employees partic-
ipate. Any investment-related declines in these trusts will result in 
future increases in the net periodic cost recognized for such 
employee benefit plans and will be included in the determination 
of the amount of cash that Virginia Power will provide to Domin-
ion Energy for its share of employee benefit plan contributions. 
Virginia Power funds other postretirement benefit costs 
through VEBAs. During 2024, 2023 and 2022, Virginia Power 
made no contributions to the VEBAs and does not expect to 
contribute to the VEBAs in 2025. 
Defined Contribution Plans 
Dominion Energy also sponsors defined contribution employee 
savings plans that cover substantially all employees. During 2024, 
2023 and 2022, Dominion Energy recognized $82 million, 
$85 million and $75 million, respectively, as employer matching 
contributions to these plans, excluding discontinued operations. 
Virginia Power also participates in these employee savings plans. 
During 2024, 2023 and 2022, Virginia Power recognized $29 
million, $26 million and $22 million, respectively, as employer 
matching contributions to these plans. 
NOTE 23. COMMITMENTS AND CONTINGENCIES 
As a result of issues generated in the ordinary course of business, 
the Companies are involved in legal proceedings before various 
courts and are periodically subject to governmental examinations 
(including by regulatory authorities), inquiries and investigations. 
Certain legal proceedings and governmental examinations involve 
demands for unspecified amounts of damages, are in an initial 
procedural phase, involve uncertainty as to the outcome of pend-
ing appeals or motions, or involve significant factual issues that 
need to be resolved, such that it is not possible for the Companies 
to estimate a range of possible loss. For such matters that the 
Companies cannot estimate, a statement to this effect is made in 
the description of the matter. Other matters may have progressed 
sufficiently through the litigation or investigative processes such 
that the Companies are able to estimate a range of possible loss. 
For legal proceedings and governmental examinations that the 
Companies are able to reasonably estimate a range of possible 
losses, an estimated range of possible loss is provided, in excess of 
the accrued liability (if any) for such matters. The Companies 
maintain various insurance programs, including general liability 
insurance coverage which provides coverage for personal injury or 
wrongful death cases. Any accrued liability is recorded on a gross 
basis with a receivable also recorded for any probable insurance 
recoveries. Estimated ranges of loss are inclusive of legal fees and 
net of any anticipated insurance recoveries. Any estimated range is 
based on currently available information and involves elements of 
judgment and significant uncertainties. Any estimated range of 
possible loss may not represent the Companies’ maximum possi-
ble loss exposure. The circumstances of such legal proceedings 
and governmental examinations will change from time to time 
and actual results may vary significantly from the current esti-
mate. For current proceedings not specifically reported below, 
management does not anticipate that the liabilities, if any, arising 
from such proceedings would have a material effect on the 
Companies’ financial position, liquidity or results of operations. 
Environmental Matters 
The Companies are subject to costs resulting from a number of 
federal, state and local laws and regulations designed to protect 
human health and the environment. These laws and regulations 
149 

Combined Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements, Continued 
affect future planning and existing operations. They can result in 
increased capital, operating and other costs as a result of com-
pliance, remediation, containment and monitoring obligations. 
AIR 
The CAA, as amended, is a comprehensive program utilizing a 
broad range of regulatory tools to protect and preserve the 
nation’s air quality. At a minimum, states are required to establish 
regulatory programs to meet applicable requirements of the CAA. 
However, states may choose to develop regulatory programs that 
are more restrictive. Many of the Companies’ facilities are subject 
to the CAA’s permitting and other requirements. 
Ozone Standards 
The EPA published final non-attainment designations for the 
October 2015 ozone standards in June 2018 with states required 
to develop plans to address the new standard. Certain states in 
which the Companies operate have developed plans, and had such 
plans approved or partially approved by the EPA, which are not 
expected to have a material impact on the Companies’ results of 
operations or cash flows. In March 2023, the EPA issued a final 
rule specifying an interstate federal implementation plan to comply 
with certain aspects of planning for the 2015 ozone standards 
which was applicable in August 2023 for certain states, including 
Virginia. The interstate federal implementation plan imposes 
tighter NOX emissions limits during the ozone season and includes 
provisions for the use of allowances to cover such emissions. Unless 
and until implementation plans for the 2015 ozone standards are 
fully developed and approved and in effect for all states in which 
the Companies operate, the Companies are unable to predict 
whether or to what extent the new rules will ultimately require 
additional controls. The expenditures required to implement addi-
tional controls could have a material impact on the Companies’ 
results of operations, financial condition and/or cash flows. 
ACE Rule 
In July 2019, the EPA published the final rule informally referred 
to as the ACE Rule, as a replacement for the Clean Power Plan. 
The ACE Rule regulated GHG emissions from existing coal-fired 
power plants pursuant to Section 111(d) of the CAA and required 
states to develop plans by July 2022 establishing unit-specific 
performance standards for existing coal-fired power plants. In 
January 2021, the U.S. Court of Appeals for the D.C. Circuit 
vacated the ACE Rule and remanded it to the EPA. This decision 
would take effect upon issuance of the court’s mandate. In 
March 2021, the court issued a partial mandate vacating and 
remanding all parts of the ACE Rule except for the portion of the 
ACE Rule that repealed the Clean Power Plan. In October 2021, 
the U.S. Supreme Court agreed to hear a challenge of the U.S. 
Court of Appeals for the D.C. Circuit’s decision on the ACE 
Rule. In June 2022, the U.S. Supreme Court reversed the D.C. 
Circuit’s decision on the ACE Rule and remanded the case back 
to the D.C. Circuit. In May 2024, the EPA repealed the ACE 
Rule as part of a package of final rules addressing CO2 emissions 
from new and existing fossil fuel-fired electric generating units. 
Carbon Regulations 
In August 2016, the EPA issued a draft rule proposing to reaffirm 
that a source’s obligation to obtain a PSD or Title V permit for 
GHGs is triggered only if such permitting requirements are first 
triggered by non-GHG, or conventional, pollutants that are regu-
lated by the New Source Review program, and exceed a sig-
nificant emissions rate of 75,000 tons per year of CO2 equivalent 
emissions. Until the EPA ultimately takes final action on this 
rulemaking, the Companies cannot predict the impact to their 
results of operations, financial condition and/or cash flows. 
In December 2018, the EPA proposed revised Standards of 
Performance for Greenhouse Gas Emissions from New, Modified, 
and Reconstructed Stationary Sources. The proposed rule would 
amend the previous determination that the best system of emis-
sion reduction for newly constructed coal-fired steam generating 
units is no longer partial carbon capture and storage. Instead, the 
proposed revised best system of emission reduction for this source 
category is the most efficient demonstrated steam cycle (e.g., 
supercritical steam conditions for large units and subcritical steam 
conditions for small units) in combination with best operating 
practices. In May 2024, the EPA withdrew the proposed revision 
to the performance standards for coal-fired steam generating units 
as part of a package of final rules addressing CO2 emissions from 
new and existing fossil fuel-fired electric generating units. 
WATER 
The CWA, as amended, is a comprehensive program requiring a 
broad range of regulatory tools including a permit program to 
authorize and regulate discharges to surface waters with strong 
enforcement mechanisms. The Companies must comply with 
applicable aspects of the CWA programs at their operating 
facilities. 
Regulation 316(b) 
In October 2014, the final regulations under Section 316(b) of 
the CWA that govern existing facilities and new units at existing 
facilities that employ a cooling water intake structure and that 
have flow levels exceeding a minimum threshold became effective. 
The rule establishes a national standard for impingement based 
on seven compliance options, but forgoes the creation of a single 
technology standard for entrainment. Instead, the EPA has dele-
gated entrainment technology decisions to state regulators. State 
regulators are to make case-by-case entrainment technology 
determinations after an examination of five mandatory facility-
specific factors, including a social cost-benefit test, and six 
optional facility-specific factors. The rule governs all electric gen-
erating stations with water withdrawals above two MGD, with a 
heightened entrainment analysis for those facilities over 
125 MGD. Dominion Energy and Virginia Power currently have 
14 and eight facilities, respectively, that are subject to the final 
regulations. Dominion Energy is also working with the EPA and 
state regulatory agencies to assess the applicability of Sec-
tion 316(b) to eight hydroelectric facilities, including three 
Virginia Power facilities. The Companies anticipate that they may 
have to install impingement control technologies at certain of 
these stations that have once-through cooling systems. The 
Companies are currently evaluating the need or potential for 
entrainment controls under the final rule as these decisions will be 
made on a case-by-case basis after a thorough review of detailed 
biological, technological, and cost benefit studies. DESC is con-
ducting studies and implementing plans as required by the rule to 
determine appropriate intake structure modifications at certain 
150 

facilities to ensure compliance with this rule. While the impacts of 
this rule could be material to the Companies’ results of oper-
ations, financial condition and/or cash flows, the existing regu-
latory frameworks in South Carolina and Virginia provide rate 
recovery mechanisms that could substantially mitigate any such 
impacts for the regulated electric utilities. 
Effluent Limitations Guidelines 
In September 2015, the EPA released a final rule to revise the 
Effluent Limitations Guidelines for the Steam Electric Power 
Generating Category. The final rule established updated stan-
dards for wastewater discharges that apply primarily at coal and 
oil steam generating stations. Affected facilities are required to 
convert from wet to dry or closed cycle coal ash management, 
improve existing wastewater treatment systems and/or install new 
wastewater treatment technologies in order to meet the new dis-
charge limits. In April 2017, the EPA granted two separate peti-
tions for reconsideration of the Effluent Limitations Guidelines 
final rule and stayed future compliance dates in the rule. Also in 
April 2017, the U.S. Court of Appeals for the Fifth Circuit 
granted the EPA’s request for a stay of the pending consolidated 
litigation challenging the rule while the EPA addresses the peti-
tions for reconsideration. In September 2017, the EPA signed a 
rule to postpone the earliest compliance dates for certain waste 
streams regulations in the Effluent Limitations Guidelines final 
rule from November 2018 to November 2020; however, the latest 
date for compliance for these regulations was December 2023. In 
October 2020, the EPA released the final rule that extended the 
latest dates for compliance with individual facilities’ compliance 
dates that would vary based on circumstances and the determi-
nation by state regulators and may range from 2021 to 2028. In 
May 2024, the EPA released a final rule revising the 2015 and 
2020 Effluent Limitations Guidelines, establishing more stringent 
standards for wastewater discharges for the Steam Electric Power 
Generating Category, which apply primarily to wastewater dis-
charges at coal and oil steam generating stations. Individual facili-
ties’ compliance dates will vary based on circumstances and the 
determination by state regulators and may range to 2029, except 
in certain circumstances when a facility will be retired by 2034. 
Dominion Energy expects to complete wastewater treatment 
technology retrofits and modifications at its Williams generating 
station, with a similar project at its Wateree generation station 
under evaluation, to meet the requirements with the existing 
regulatory framework in South Carolina providing rate recovery 
mechanisms for costs of the projects. As discussed in Note 14, the 
Companies recorded an increase to their AROs in the second 
quarter of 2024 in connection with the expected compliance costs 
associated with the EPA’s May 2024 final rule concerning CCR. 
The Companies expect that such AROs would satisfy any AROs 
that would have otherwise been necessary for compliance with the 
EPA’s May 2024 Effluent Limitations Guidelines. Dominion 
Energy is currently unable to estimate what costs, if any, may be 
required in addition to the project for the Williams generating 
station, a potential project at the Wateree generating station and 
the recorded AROs to meet the requirements to operate certain 
facilities past 2034. However, Dominion Energy expects that 
while such costs for facility improvements, if required, could be 
material to the Companies’ financial condition and/or cash flows, 
the existing regulatory frameworks in Virginia and South 
Carolina provide rate recovery mechanisms that could sub-
stantially mitigate any such impacts. 
WASTE MANAGEMENT AND REMEDIATION 
The operations of the Companies are subject to a variety of state 
and federal laws and regulations governing the management and 
disposal of solid and hazardous waste, and release of hazardous 
substances associated with current and/or historical operations. 
The CERCLA, as amended, and similar state laws, may impose 
joint, several and strict liability for cleanup on potentially respon-
sible parties who owned, operated or arranged for disposal at 
facilities affected by a release of hazardous substances. In addition, 
many states have created programs to incentivize voluntary 
remediation of sites where historical releases of hazardous sub-
stances are identified and property owners or responsible parties 
decide to initiate cleanups. 
From time to time, the Companies may be identified as a 
potentially responsible party in connection with the alleged release 
of hazardous substances or wastes at a site. Under applicable 
federal and state laws, the Companies could be responsible for 
costs associated with the investigation or remediation of impacted 
sites, or subject to contribution claims by other responsible parties 
for their costs incurred at such sites. The Companies also may 
identify, evaluate and remediate other potentially impacted sites 
under voluntary state programs. Remediation costs may be sub-
ject to reimbursement under the Companies’ insurance policies, 
rate recovery mechanisms, or both. Except as described below, the 
Companies do not believe these matters will have a material effect 
on results of operations, financial condition and/or cash flows. 
Dominion Energy has determined that it is associated with 
former manufactured gas plant sites, including certain sites asso-
ciated with Virginia Power. At four sites associated with Domin-
ion Energy, remediation work has been substantially completed 
under federal or state oversight. Where required, the sites are fol-
lowing state-approved groundwater monitoring programs. 
Dominion Energy has proposed remediation plans for one site at 
Virginia Power and expects to commence remediation activities in 
2025 depending on receipt of final permits and approvals. At 
December 31, 2024 and December 31, 2023, Dominion Energy 
had $56 million and $32 million, respectively, of reserves 
recorded including a charge of $25 million ($19 million after-tax) 
that Virginia Power recorded in 2024, reflected in other oper-
ations and maintenance expense in the Consolidated Statements 
of Income. At December 31, 2024 and 2023, Virginia Power had 
$50 million and $25 million of reserves recorded, respectively. 
Dominion Energy is associated with three additional sites, includ-
ing two associated with Virginia Power, which are not under 
investigation by any state or federal environmental agency nor the 
subject of any current or proposed plans to perform remediation 
activities. Due to the uncertainty surrounding such sites, the 
Companies are unable to make an estimate of the potential finan-
cial statement impacts. 
Other Legal Matters 
The Companies are defendants in a number of lawsuits and 
claims involving unrelated incidents of property damage and 
personal injury. In 2024, Dominion Energy resolved a claim 
associated with operations included in the East Ohio Transaction 
and at December 31, 2024, Dominion Energy’s Consolidated 
151 

Combined Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements, Continued 
Balance Sheet includes a $30 million offsetting reserve and 
insurance receivable. The related charge in Dominion Energy’s 
Consolidated Statement of Income for the year ended 
December 31, 2024 is inconsequential. Due to the uncertainty 
surrounding other matters, the Companies are unable to make an 
estimate of the potential financial statement impacts; however, 
they could have a material impact on results of operations, finan-
cial condition and/or cash flows. 
SCANA LEGAL PROCEEDINGS 
The following describes certain legal proceedings involving 
Dominion Energy, SCANA or DESC relating primarily to events 
occurring before closing of the SCANA Combination. No refer-
ence to, or disclosure of, any proceeding, item or matter described 
below shall be construed as an admission or indication that such 
proceeding, item or matter is material. For certain of these mat-
ters, and unless otherwise noted therein, Dominion Energy is 
unable to estimate a reasonable range of possible loss and the 
related financial statement impacts, but for any such matter there 
could be a material impact to its results of operations, financial 
condition and/or cash flows. For the matters for which Dominion 
Energy is able to reasonably estimate a probable loss, Dominion 
Energy’s Consolidated Balance Sheets at December 31, 2024 and 
2023 included an inconsequential amount of reserves primarily 
related to personal injury or wrongful death cases. During the 
years ended December 31, 2024, 2023 and 2022, charges 
included in Dominion Energy’s Consolidated Statements of 
Income were inconsequential. 
Matters Fully Resolved Prior to 2024 Impacting the Consolidated 
Financial Statements 
Governmental Proceedings and Investigations 
In June 2018, DESC received a notice of proposed assessment of 
approximately $410 million, excluding interest, from the 
SCDOR following its audit of DESC’s sales and use tax returns 
for the periods September 1, 2008 through December 31, 2017. 
The proposed assessment, which includes 100% of the NND 
Project, is based on the SCDOR’s position that DESC’s sales and 
use tax exemption for the NND Project does not apply because 
the facility will not become operational. In December 2020, the 
parties reached an agreement in principle in the amount of 
$165 million to resolve this matter. In June 2021, the parties 
executed a settlement agreement which allows DESC to fund the 
settlement amount through a combination of cash, shares of 
Dominion Energy common stock or real estate with an initial 
payment of at least $43 million in shares of Dominion Energy 
common stock. In August 2021, Dominion Energy issued 
0.6 million shares of its common stock to satisfy DESC’s obliga-
tion for the initial payment under the settlement agreement. In 
May 2022, Dominion Energy issued an additional 0.9 million 
shares of its common stock to partially satisfy DESC’s remaining 
obligation under the settlement agreement. In June 2022, DESC 
requested approval from the South Carolina Commission to 
transfer certain real estate with a total settlement value of $51 
million to satisfy its remaining obligation under the settlement 
agreement. In July 2022, the South Carolina Commission voted 
to approve the request and issued its final order in August 2022. 
In September 2022, DESC transferred certain non-utility 
property with a fair value of $28 million to the SCDOR under 
the settlement agreement, resulting in a gain of $18 million ($14 
million after-tax) recorded in losses (gains) on sales of assets 
(reflected in Dominion Energy South Carolina) in Dominion 
Energy’s Consolidated Statements of Income for the year ended 
December 31, 2022. In December 2022, DESC transferred addi-
tional utility property with a fair value of $3 million to the 
SCDOR, resulting in an inconsequential gain. In October 2022, 
DESC filed for approval to transfer the remaining real estate with 
FERC which was received in November 2022. In March 2023, 
DESC transferred utility property with a fair value of $10 million 
to the SCDOR resulting in a gain of $9 million ($7 million after-
tax), recorded in losses (gains) on sales of assets (reflected in the 
Corporate and Other segment) in Dominion Energy’s Con-
solidated Statements of Income for the year ended December 31, 
2023. In June 2023, DESC transferred the remaining utility 
property with a fair value of $11 million to the SCDOR resulting 
in a gain of $11 million ($8 million after-tax), recorded in losses 
(gains) on sales of assets (reflected in the Corporate and Other 
segment) in Dominion Energy’s Consolidated Statements of 
Income for the year ended December 31, 2023. In July 2023, 
DESC made a less than $1 million cash payment to the SCDOR 
to fully satisfy its remaining obligation, including applicable 
interest, under the settlement agreement. 
SCANA Shareholder Litigation 
In September 2017, a shareholder derivative action was filed 
against certain former executive officers and directors of SCANA 
in the State Court of Common Pleas in Richland County, South 
Carolina (the State Court Derivative Case). In September 2018, 
this action was consolidated with another action in the Business 
Court Pilot Program in Richland County. The plaintiffs allege, 
among other things, that the defendants breached their fiduciary 
duties to shareholders by their gross mismanagement of the NND 
Project, and that the defendants were unjustly enriched by 
bonuses they were paid in connection with the project. In January 
2019, the defendants filed a motion to dismiss the consolidated 
action. In February 2019, one action was voluntarily dismissed. 
In March 2020, the court denied the defendants’ motion to dis-
miss. In April 2020, the defendants filed a notice of appeal with 
the South Carolina Court of Appeals and a petition with the 
Supreme Court of South Carolina seeking appellate review of the 
denial of the motion to dismiss. In June 2020, the plaintiffs filed 
a motion to dismiss the appeal with the South Carolina Court of 
Appeals, which was granted in July 2020. In August 2020, the 
Supreme Court of South Carolina denied the defendants’ petition 
seeking appellate review. Also in August 2020, the defendants 
filed a petition for rehearing with the South Carolina Court of 
Appeals relating to the July 2020 ruling by the court, which was 
denied in October 2020. In November 2020, SCANA filed a 
petition of certiorari with the Supreme Court of South Carolina 
seeking appellate review of the denial of SCANA’s motion to 
dismiss. This petition was denied in June 2021. Also in June 
2021, the parties reached an agreement in principle in the 
amount of $33 million to resolve this matter, subject to court 
approval. This settlement was reached in contemplation of and to 
be utilized to satisfy a portion of the Federal Court Merger Case 
and the State Court Merger Case discussed below. In November 
2021, the parties executed a settlement agreement and filed with 
152 

the State Court of Common Pleas in Richland County, South 
Carolina for approval. In June 2022, the State Court of Common 
Pleas in Richland County, South Carolina issued final approval of 
the settlement agreement with the funds utilized to satisfy a por-
tion of the State Court Merger Case as discussed below. 
In January 2018, a purported class action was filed against 
SCANA, Dominion Energy and certain former executive officers 
and directors of SCANA in the State Court of Common Pleas in 
Lexington County, South Carolina (the City of Warren Lawsuit). 
The plaintiff alleges, among other things, that defendants violated 
their fiduciary duties to shareholders by executing a merger 
agreement that would unfairly deprive plaintiffs of the true value 
of their SCANA stock, and that Dominion Energy aided and 
abetted these actions. Among other remedies, the plaintiff seeks to 
enjoin and/or rescind the merger. 
In February 2018, a purported class action was filed against 
Dominion Energy and certain former directors of SCANA and 
DESC in the State Court of Common Pleas in Richland County, 
South Carolina (the Metzler Lawsuit). The allegations made and 
the relief sought by the plaintiffs are substantially similar to that 
described for the City of Warren Lawsuit. 
In September 2019, the U.S. District Court for the District of 
South Carolina granted the plaintiffs’ motion to consolidate the 
City of Warren Lawsuit and the Metzler Lawsuit (the Federal 
Court Merger Case). In October 2019, the plaintiffs filed an 
amended complaint against certain former directors and executive 
officers of SCANA and DESC, which stated substantially similar 
allegations to those in the City of Warren Lawsuit and the Met-
zler Lawsuit as well as an inseparable fraud claim. In November 
2019, the defendants filed a motion to dismiss. In April 2020, the 
U.S. District Court for the District of South Carolina denied the 
motion to dismiss. In May 2020, SCANA filed a motion to 
intervene, which was denied in August 2020. In September 2020, 
SCANA filed a notice of appeal with the U.S. Court of Appeals 
for the Fourth Circuit. In June 2021, the parties reached an 
agreement in principle in the amount of $63 million to resolve 
this matter as well as the State Court Merger Case described 
below, subject to court approval. This settlement was reached in 
contemplation of and to be partially satisfied by the State Court 
Derivative Case settlement described above. In November 2021, 
the parties executed a settlement agreement, as described above 
relating to this matter as well as the State Court Derivative Case 
and the State Court Merger Case, and filed with the State Court 
of Common Pleas in Richland County, South Carolina for 
approval. In June 2022, this case was dismissed in connection 
with the final approval by the State Court of Common Pleas in 
Richland County, South Carolina of the settlement agreement. 
In May 2019, a case was filed against certain former executive 
officers and directors of SCANA in the State Court of Common 
Pleas in Richland County, South Carolina (the State Court 
Merger Case). The plaintiff alleges, among other things, that the 
defendants breached their fiduciary duties to shareholders by their 
gross mismanagement of the NND Project, were unjustly 
enriched by the bonuses they were paid in connection with the 
project and breached their fiduciary duties to secure and obtain 
the best price for the sale of SCANA. Also in May 2019, the case 
was removed to the U.S. District Court of South Carolina by the 
non-South Carolina defendants. In June 2019, the plaintiffs filed 
a motion to remand the case to state court. In January 2020, the 
case was remanded to state court. In February 2020, the defend-
ants filed a motion to dismiss. In June 2021, the parties reached 
an agreement in principle as described above relating to this mat-
ter as well as the Federal Court Merger Case and the State Court 
Derivative Case. In November 2021, the parties executed a 
settlement agreement, as described above relating to this matter as 
well as the State Court Derivative Case and the Federal Court 
Merger Case, and filed with the State Court of Common Pleas in 
Richland County, South Carolina for approval. In June 2022, the 
State Court of Common Pleas in Richland County, South Caro-
lina issued final approval of the settlement agreement. Also in 
June 2022, Dominion Energy utilized the $33 million of 
insurance proceeds from the State Court Derivative Case settle-
ment, the issuance of 0.4 million shares of its common stock and 
the payment of $2 million in cash to satisfy its obligations under 
the settlement agreement. 
Nuclear Operations 
NUCLEAR DECOMMISSIONING – MINIMUM FINANCIAL 
ASSURANCE 
The NRC requires nuclear power plant owners to annually 
update minimum financial assurance amounts for the future 
decommissioning of their nuclear facilities. Decommissioning 
involves the decontamination and removal of radioactive con-
taminants from a nuclear power station once operations have 
ceased, in accordance with standards established by the NRC. 
The 2024 calculation for the NRC minimum financial assurance 
amount, aggregated for Dominion Energy and Virginia Power’s 
nuclear units, excluding joint owners’ assurance amounts and 
Millstone Unit 1, as this unit is in a decommissioning state, was 
$3.4 billion and $2.0 billion, respectively, and has been satisfied 
by a combination of the funds being collected and deposited in 
the nuclear decommissioning trusts and the real annual rate of 
return growth of the funds allowed by the NRC. The 2024 NRC 
minimum financial assurance amounts above were calculated 
using preliminary December 31, 2024 U.S. Bureau of Labor Sta-
tistics indices. Dominion Energy believes that decommissioning 
funds and their expected earnings will be sufficient to cover 
expected decommissioning costs for the Millstone units. In addi-
tion, Dominion Energy believes that the decommissioning funds 
and their expected earnings will be sufficient to cover expected 
decommissioning costs for the Summer unit, particularly when 
combined with future ratepayer collections and contributions. 
The Companies believe the decommissioning funds and their 
expected earnings for the Surry and North Anna units will be 
sufficient to cover decommissioning costs, particularly when 
combined with future ratepayer collections and contributions to 
these decommissioning trusts, if such future collections and con-
tributions are required. This reflects a positive long-term outlook 
for trust fund investment returns as the decommissioning of the 
units will not be complete for decades. The Companies will con-
tinue to monitor these trusts to ensure they meet the NRC 
minimum financial assurance requirement, which may include, if 
needed, the use of parent company guarantees, surety bonding or 
other financial instruments recognized by the NRC. See Note 9 
for additional information on nuclear decommissioning trust 
investments. 
153 

Combined Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements, Continued 
NUCLEAR INSURANCE 
The Price-Anderson Amendments Act of 1988 provides the pub-
lic up to $16.3 billion of liability protection on a per site, per 
nuclear incident basis, via obligations required of owners of 
nuclear power plants, and allows for an inflationary provision 
adjustment every five years. During the first quarter of 2024, the 
total liability protection per nuclear incident available to all 
participants in the Secondary Financial Protection Program 
increased from $16.2 billion to $16.3 billion. These increases do 
not impact Dominion Energy’s responsibility per active unit 
under the Price-Anderson Amendments Act of 1988. The 
Companies have purchased $500 million of coverage from 
commercial insurance pools for Millstone, Summer, Surry and 
North Anna with the remainder provided through the mandatory 
industry retrospective rating plan. In the event of a nuclear 
incident at any licensed nuclear reactor in the U.S., the Compa-
nies could be assessed up to $166 million for each of their 
licensed reactors not to exceed $25 million per year per reactor. 
There is no limit to the number of incidents for which this retro-
spective premium can be assessed. The current levels of nuclear 
property insurance coverage for Millstone, Summer, Surry and 
North Anna are all $1.06 billion. 
The Companies’ nuclear property insurance coverage for 
Millstone, Summer, Surry and North Anna meets or exceeds the 
NRC minimum requirement for nuclear power plant licensees of 
$1.06 billion per reactor site. This includes coverage for pre-
mature decommissioning and functional total loss. The NRC 
requires that the proceeds from this insurance be used first, to 
return the reactor to and maintain it in a safe and stable condition 
and second, to decontaminate the reactor and station site in 
accordance with a plan approved by the NRC. Nuclear property 
insurance is provided by NEIL, a mutual insurance company, and 
is subject to retrospective premium assessments in any policy year 
in which losses exceed the funds available to the insurance com-
pany. Dominion Energy and Virginia Power’s maximum retro-
spective premium assessment for the current policy period is 
$56 million and $30 million, respectively. Based on the severity 
of the incident, the Board of Directors of the nuclear insurer has 
the discretion to lower or eliminate the maximum retrospective 
premium assessment. The Companies have the financial 
responsibility for any losses that exceed the limits or for which 
insurance proceeds are not available because they must first be 
used for stabilization and decontamination. Additionally, DESC 
maintains an excess property insurance policy with the European 
Mutual Association for Nuclear Insurance. The policy provides 
coverage to Summer for property damage and outage costs up to 
$1 million resulting from an event of a non-nuclear origin. The 
European Mutual Association for Nuclear Insurance policy per-
mits retrospective assessments under certain conditions to cover 
insurer’s losses. Based on the current annual premium, DESC’s 
share of the retrospective premium assessment would not exceed 
an inconsequential amount. 
Millstone, Virginia Power and Summer also purchase acci-
dental outage insurance from NEIL to mitigate certain expenses, 
including replacement power costs, associated with the prolonged 
outage of a nuclear unit due to direct physical damage. Under this 
program, the Companies are subject to a retrospective premium 
assessment for any policy year in which losses exceed funds avail-
able to NEIL. Dominion Energy and Virginia Power’s maximum 
retrospective premium assessment for the current policy period is 
$36 million and $10 million, respectively. 
ODEC, a part owner of North Anna, Santee Cooper, a part 
owner of Summer and Massachusetts Municipal and Green 
Mountain, part owners of Millstone’s Unit 3, are responsible to 
the Companies for their share of the nuclear decommissioning 
obligation and insurance premiums on applicable units, including 
any retrospective premium assessments and any losses not covered 
by insurance. 
SPENT NUCLEAR FUEL 
The Companies entered into contracts with the DOE for the 
disposal of spent nuclear fuel under provisions of the Nuclear 
Waste Policy Act of 1982. The DOE failed to begin accepting the 
spent fuel on January 31, 1998, the date provided by the Nuclear 
Waste Policy Act and by the Companies’ contracts with the 
DOE. The Companies have previously received damages award 
payments and settlement payments related to these contracts. 
By mutual agreement of the parties, the settlement agreements 
are extendable to provide for resolution of damages incurred after 
2013. The settlement agreements for the Surry, North Anna and 
Millstone nuclear power stations have been extended and pro-
vided for periodic payments for damages incurred through 
December 31, 2025 and future additional extensions are con-
templated by the settlement agreements. A similar agreement for 
Summer extends until the DOE has accepted the same amount of 
spent fuel from the facility as if it has fully performed its con-
tractual obligations. 
In 2024, Virginia Power received payments of $16 million for 
resolution of claims incurred at North Anna and Surry for the 
period of January 1, 2022 through December 31, 2022. In addi-
tion, Dominion Energy received payments of $11 million for 
resolution of claims incurred at Millstone for the period of July 1, 
2022 through June 30, 2023 and $2 million for resolution of its 
share of claims incurred at Summer for the period of January 1, 
2023 through December 31, 2023. 
In 2023, Virginia Power received payments of $22 million for 
resolution of claims incurred at North Anna and Surry for the 
period of January 1, 2021 through December 31, 2021. In addi-
tion, Dominion Energy received payments of $8 million for reso-
lution of claims incurred at Millstone for the period of July 1, 
2021 through June 30, 2022 and $6 million for resolution of its 
share of claims incurred at Summer for the period of January 1, 
2022 through December 31, 2022. 
In 2022, Virginia Power received payments of $17 million for 
resolution of claims incurred at North Anna and Surry for the 
period of January 1, 2020 through December 31, 2020. In addi-
tion, Dominion Energy received payments of $7 million for reso-
lution of claims incurred at Millstone for the period of July 1, 
2020 through June 30, 2021 and $1 million for resolution of its 
share of claims incurred at Summer for the period of January 1, 
2021 through December 31, 2021. 
The Companies continue to recognize receivables for certain 
spent nuclear fuel-related costs that they believe are probable of 
recovery from the DOE. Dominion Energy’s receivables for spent 
nuclear fuel-related costs totaled $83 million and $62 million at 
December 31, 2024 and 2023, respectively. Virginia Power’s 
receivables for spent nuclear fuel-related costs totaled $62 million 
and $43 million at December 31, 2024 and 2023, respectively. 
154 

The Companies will continue to manage their spent fuel until 
it is accepted by the DOE. 
OFFSHORE WIND DECOMMISSIONING – MINIMUM 
FINANCIAL ASSURANCE 
BOEM requires entities holding a commercial lease for offshore 
wind facilities to provide financial assurance, as annually 
determined by BOEM, for future decommission of such facilities 
including those under development. Decommissioning costs 
include removing or decommissioning all facilities, projects, 
cables, pipelines and obstructions, as well as clearing the seafloor 
of all obstructions created by activities on the leased acreage. The 
most recent financial assurance calculation received from BOEM 
for the CVOW Commercial Project, based on its expected com-
pletion, was $1.6 billion. As discussed in Note 13, Virginia Pow-
er’s November 2024 application for Rider OSW filed with the 
Virginia Commission included a proposal for Virginia Power to 
establish a decommissioning trust fund associated with the 
CVOW Commercial Project. If approved, the applicable amount 
included within the total revenue requirement of Rider OSW 
would be allocated for such purposes. To the extent that the 
minimum financial assurance requirements are not able to be met 
from such decommission trust funds, if approved, Virginia Power 
may be required to utilize parent company guarantees, surety 
bonding or other financial instruments recognized by BOEM. 
Long-Term Purchase Agreements 
At December 31, 2024, Dominion Energy had the following 
long-term commitments that are noncancelable or are cancelable 
only under certain conditions, and that a third party has used to 
secure financing for the facility that will provide the contracted 
goods or services: 
2025 
2026 
2027 
2028 
2029 
Thereafter 
Total 
(millions) 
 
 
Purchased 
electric 
capacity(1) 
$70 
$71 
$72 
$71 
$71 
$383 
$738 
(1) Commitments represent estimated amounts payable for energy under 
power purchase contracts with qualifying facilities which expire at vari-
ous dates through 2040. Energy payments are generally based on fixed 
dollar amounts per month and totaled $60 million and $58 million for 
the years ended December 31, 2024 and 2023, respectively. 
Guarantees, Surety Bonds and Letters of Credit 
Dominion Energy also enters into guarantee arrangements on 
behalf of its consolidated subsidiaries, primarily to facilitate their 
commercial transactions with third parties. If any of these 
subsidiaries fail to perform or pay under the contracts and the 
counterparties seek performance or payment, Dominion Energy 
would be obligated to satisfy such obligation. To the extent that a 
liability subject to a guarantee has been incurred by one of 
Dominion Energy’s consolidated subsidiaries, that liability is 
included in the Consolidated Financial Statements. Dominion 
Energy is not required to recognize liabilities for guarantees issued 
on behalf of its subsidiaries unless it becomes probable that it will 
have to perform under the guarantees. Terms of the guarantees 
typically end once obligations have been paid. Dominion Energy 
currently believes it is unlikely that it would be required to per-
form or otherwise incur any losses associated with guarantees of 
its subsidiaries’ obligations. 
At December 31, 2024, Dominion Energy had issued the 
following subsidiary guarantees: 
Maximum Exposure 
(millions) 
Commodity transactions(1) 
$2,731 
Nuclear obligations(2) 
220 
Solar(3) 
207 
Other(4) 
853 
Total(5)(6) 
$4,011 
(1) Guarantees related to commodity commitments of certain subsidiaries. 
These guarantees were provided to counterparties in order to facilitate 
physical and financial transaction related commodities and services. 
(2) Guarantees primarily related to certain DGI subsidiaries regarding all 
aspects of running a nuclear facility. 
(3) Includes guarantees to facilitate the development of solar projects. 
(4) Guarantees related to other miscellaneous contractual obligations such as 
leases, environmental obligations, construction projects and insurance 
programs. Due to the uncertainty of workers’ compensation claims, the 
parental guarantee has no stated limit. 
(5) Excludes Dominion Energy’s guarantee of an offshore wind installation 
vessel discussed in Note 15. 
(6) In July 2016, Dominion Energy signed an agreement (subsequently 
amended) with a lessor to construct and lease a new corporate office 
property in Richmond, Virginia and commenced an initial five-year 
lease term in August 2019, with certain options at the end of the term to 
extend the lease, purchase or sell the property. In July 2024, the agree-
ment was amended to reflect Dominion Energy’s election to extend the 
lease term through July 2029. At the end of the lease term, Dominion 
Energy can (i) extend the term of the lease for at least one year, subject to 
the approval of the participants, at current market terms, (ii) purchase 
the property for an amount equal to the project costs or, (iii) subject to 
certain terms and conditions, sell the property on behalf of the lessor to a 
third party using commercially reasonable efforts to obtain the highest 
cash purchase price for the property. If the project is sold and the proceeds 
from the sale are insufficient to repay the investors for the project costs, 
Dominion Energy may be required to make a payment to the lessor equal 
to the recorded lease balance. 
In addition, Dominion Energy had issued an additional 
$20 million of guarantees at December 31, 2024, primarily to 
support third parties. No amounts related to these guarantees 
have been recorded. 
Dominion Energy also had issued four guarantees as of 
December 31, 2024 related to Cove Point, previously an equity 
method investment, in support of terminal services, trans-
portation and construction. Two of the Cove Point guarantees 
have a cumulative maximum exposure of $1.9 billion while the 
other two guarantees have no maximum limit. No amounts 
related to these guarantees have been recorded. 
Additionally, at December 31, 2024, Dominion Energy had 
purchased $329 million of surety bonds, including $259 million 
at Virginia Power, and authorized the issuance of letters of credit 
by financial institutions, as discussed in Note 17, to facilitate 
commercial transactions by its subsidiaries with third parties. 
Under the terms of surety bonds, the Companies are obligated to 
indemnify the respective surety bond company for any amounts 
paid. 
Indemnifications 
As part of commercial contract negotiations in the normal course 
of business, the Companies may sometimes agree to make pay-
ments to compensate or indemnify other parties for possible future 
unfavorable financial consequences resulting from specified events. 
The specified events may involve an adverse judgment in a lawsuit 
155 

Combined Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements, Continued 
or the imposition of additional taxes due to a change in tax law or 
interpretation of the tax law. The Companies are unable to 
develop an estimate of the maximum potential amount of any 
other future payments under these contracts because events that 
would obligate them have not yet occurred or, if any such event 
has occurred, they have not been notified of its occurrence. How-
ever, at December 31, 2024, the Companies believe any other 
future payments, if any, that could ultimately become payable 
under these contract provisions, would not have a material impact 
on their results of operations, cash flows or financial position. 
Charitable Commitments 
Dominion Energy’s Consolidated Balance Sheets include 
$32 million and $8 million in other deferred credits and other 
liabilities at December 31, 2024 and 2023, respectively and 
$21 million and $6 million in other current liabilities at 
December 31, 2024 and 2023, respectively, for charitable 
commitments. In 2024, Dominion Energy made unconditional 
promises to charitable organizations and as a result recorded 
charges totaling $72 million ($54 million after-tax) in other 
income (expense) in its Consolidated Statements of Income for 
the year ended December 31, 2024 reflected in the Corporate and 
Other segment. These commitments are primarily to be funded at 
various intervals through 2028. 
NOTE 24. CREDIT RISK 
DOMINION ENERGY 
As a diversified energy company, Dominion Energy transacts 
primarily with major companies in the energy industry and with 
commercial and residential energy consumers. These transactions 
principally occur in the Northeast, mid-Atlantic and Southeast 
regions of the U.S. Dominion Energy does not believe that this 
geographic concentration contributes significantly to its overall 
exposure to credit risk. In addition, as a result of its large and 
diverse customer base, Dominion Energy is not exposed to a sig-
nificant concentration of credit risk for receivables arising from 
electric and gas utility operations. 
Dominion Energy’s exposure to credit risk is concentrated 
primarily within its energy marketing and price risk management 
activities, as Dominion Energy transacts with a smaller, less 
diverse group of counterparties and transactions may involve large 
notional volumes and potentially volatile commodity prices. 
Energy marketing and price risk management activities include 
marketing of nonregulated generation output, structured 
transactions and the use of financial contracts for enterprise-wide 
hedging purposes. Gross credit exposure for each counterparty is 
calculated as outstanding receivables plus any unrealized on- or 
off-balance sheet exposure, taking into account contractual net-
ting rights. Gross credit exposure is calculated prior to the 
application of any collateral. At December 31, 2024, Dominion 
Energy’s credit exposure totaled $173 million. Of this amount, 
investment grade counterparties, including those internally rated, 
represented 81%, and no single counterparty, whether investment 
grade or non-investment grade, exceeded $55 million of exposure. 
VIRGINIA POWER 
Virginia Power sells electricity and provides distribution and 
transmission services to customers in Virginia and northeastern 
North Carolina. Management believes that this geographic con-
centration risk is mitigated by the diversity of Virginia Power’s 
customer base, which includes residential, commercial and 
industrial customers, as well as rural electric cooperatives and 
municipalities. Credit risk associated with trade accounts receiv-
able from energy consumers is limited due to the large number of 
customers. Virginia Power’s exposure to potential concentrations 
of credit risk results primarily from sales to wholesale customers. 
Virginia Power’s gross credit exposure for each counterparty is 
calculated as outstanding receivables plus any unrealized on- or 
off-balance sheet exposure, taking into account contractual net-
ting rights. Gross credit exposure is calculated prior to the 
application of collateral. At December 31, 2024, Virginia Power’s 
credit exposure totaled $67 million. Of this amount, investment 
grade counterparties, including those internally rated, represented 
53%, and no single counterparty exceeded $10 million of 
exposure. 
Credit-Related Contingent Provisions 
Certain of Dominion Energy and Virginia Power’s derivative 
instruments contain credit-related contingent provisions. These 
provisions require Dominion Energy and Virginia Power to pro-
vide collateral upon the occurrence of specific events, primarily a 
credit rating downgrade. If the credit-related contingent features 
underlying these instruments that are in a liability position and 
not fully collateralized with cash were fully triggered, Dominion 
Energy and Virginia Power would have been required to post 
additional collateral to its counterparties of $13 million and 
$12 million, respectively, as of December 31, 2024, and 
$28 million and $14 million, respectively, as of December 31, 
2023. The collateral that would be required to be posted includes 
the impacts of any offsetting asset positions and any amounts 
already posted for derivatives, non-derivative contracts and 
derivatives elected under the normal purchases and normal sales 
exception, per contractual terms. At both December 31, 2024 and 
2023, Dominion Energy and Virginia Power had no amounts of 
collateral posted related to derivatives with credit related con-
tingent provisions that are in a liability position and not fully 
collateralized with cash. Dominion Energy and Virginia Power 
had both posted letters of credit as collateral with counterparties 
covering less than $1 million of fair value of derivative instru-
ments in a liability position at December 31, 2023. There were 
no letters of credits posted as collateral at December 31, 2024 for 
both Dominion Energy and Virginia Power. The aggregate fair 
value of all derivative instruments with credit-related contingent 
provisions that are in a liability position and not fully collateral-
ized with cash for Dominion Energy and Virginia Power was 
$13 million and $12 million, respectively, as of December 31, 
2024 and $28 million and $14 million, respectively, as of 
December 31, 2023, which does not include the impact of any 
offsetting asset positions. 
See Note 7 for further information about derivative instru-
ments. 
156 

NOTE 25. RELATED-PARTY TRANSACTIONS 
Dominion Energy’s transactions with equity method investments 
are described in Note 9. Virginia Power engages in related party 
transactions primarily with other Dominion Energy subsidiaries 
(affiliates). Virginia Power’s receivable and payable balances with 
affiliates are settled based on contractual terms or on a monthly 
basis, depending on the nature of the underlying transactions. 
Virginia Power is included in Dominion Energy’s consolidated 
federal income tax return and, where applicable, combined 
income tax returns for Dominion Energy are filed in various 
states. See Note 2 for further information. A discussion of 
Virginia Power’s significant related party transactions follows. 
Virginia Power transacts with affiliates for certain quantities of 
natural gas and other commodities in the ordinary course of 
business. Virginia Power also enters into certain commodity 
derivative contracts with affiliates. Virginia Power uses these con-
tracts, which are principally comprised of forward commodity 
purchases, to manage commodity price risks associated with 
purchases of natural gas. See Note 7 for additional information. 
At December 31, 2024, Virginia Power’s derivative assets and 
liabilities with affiliates were $19 million and $17 million, 
respectively. At December 31, 2023, Virginia Power’s derivative 
assets and liabilities with affiliates were $1 million and 
$79 million, respectively. 
Virginia Power participates in certain Dominion Energy bene-
fit plans as described in Note 22. At December 31, 2024 and 
2023, Virginia Power’s amounts due to Dominion Energy asso-
ciated with the Dominion Energy Pension Plan and reflected in 
other deferred credits and other liabilities in the Consolidated 
Balance Sheets were $505 million and $456 million, respectively. 
At December 31, 2024 and 2023, Virginia Power’s amounts due 
from Dominion Energy associated with the Dominion Energy 
Retiree Health and Welfare Plan and reflected in noncurrent 
pension and other postretirement benefit assets in the Con-
solidated Balance Sheets were $663 million and $584 million, 
respectively. 
DES and other affiliates provide accounting, legal, finance 
and certain administrative and technical services to Virginia 
Power. In addition, Virginia Power provides certain services to 
affiliates, including charges for facilities and equipment usage. 
The financial statements for all years presented include costs 
for certain general, administrative and corporate expenses assigned 
by DES to Virginia Power on the basis of direct and allocated 
methods in accordance with Virginia Power’s services agreements 
with DES. Where costs incurred cannot be determined by specific 
identification, the costs are allocated based on the proportional 
level of effort devoted by DES resources that is attributable to the 
entity, determined by reference to number of employees, salaries 
and wages and other similar measures for the relevant DES 
service. Management believes the assumptions and methodologies 
underlying the allocation of general corporate overhead expenses 
are reasonable. 
Presented below are Virginia Power’s significant transactions 
with DES and other affiliates: 
Year Ended December 31, 
2024 
2023 
2022 
(millions) 
Commodity purchases from affiliates 
$585 
$582 
$1,423 
Services provided by affiliates(1) 
667 
605 
519 
Services provided to affiliates 
22 
20 
18 
(1) Includes capitalized expenditures of $234 million, $210 million and 
$177 million for the years ended December 31, 2024, 2023 and 2022, 
respectively. 
Virginia Power has borrowed funds from Dominion Energy 
under short-term borrowing arrangements. In November 2022, 
Virginia Power amended its intercompany credit facility with 
Dominion Energy to increase the maximum capacity to 
$3.0 billion. In addition in December 2024, Virginia Power 
amended this facility to extend the maturity date to December 
2027. There were $500 million in short-term demand note bor-
rowings from Dominion Energy as of both December 31, 2024 
and 2023. The weighted-average interest rate of these borrowings 
was 4.71% and 5.61% at December 31, 2024 and 2023, 
respectively. Virginia Power had no outstanding borrowings, net 
of repayments under the Dominion Energy money pool for its 
nonregulated subsidiaries as of December 31, 2024 and 2023. 
Interest charges related to Virginia Power’s borrowings from 
Dominion Energy were $29 million, $80 million and $15 million 
for the years ended December 31, 2024, 2023 and 2022, 
respectively. 
In the fourth quarter of 2024, Virginia Power declared a divi-
dend of $407 million. 
In the fourth quarter of 2023, Virginia Power issued common 
stock to Dominion Energy as discussed in Note 20. There were 
no issuances of Virginia Power’s common stock to Dominion 
Energy in 2024 or 2022. 
In January 2023, Virginia Power entered into a lease contract 
with an affiliated entity for the use of a Jones Act compliant off-
shore wind installation vessel currently under development with 
commencement of the 20-month lease term in August 2025 at a 
total cost of approximately $240 million plus ancillary services. 
Virginia Power filed an application with the Virginia Commission 
to amend the lease agreement to potentially accelerate the com-
mencement of the lease term in August 2024 and received appro-
val in October 2024. Virginia Power filed a corresponding 
application with the North Carolina Commission in September 
2024 and received approval in December 2024. In December 
2024, the lease was amended. 
157 

Combined Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements, Continued 
NOTE 26. OPERATING SEGMENTS 
The Companies are organized primarily on the basis of products 
and services sold in the U.S. A description of the operations 
included in the Companies’ primary operating segments is as 
follows: 
Primary Operating Segment 
Description of Operations 
Dominion 
Energy 
Virginia 
Power 
Dominion Energy Virginia 
Regulated electric 
distribution 
X 
X 
Regulated electric 
transmission 
X 
X 
Regulated electric 
generation fleet(1) 
X 
X 
Dominion Energy South 
Carolina 
Regulated electric 
distribution 
X 
Regulated electric 
transmission 
X 
Regulated electric 
generation fleet 
X 
Regulated gas 
distribution and 
storage 
X 
Contracted Energy(2) 
Nonregulated electric 
generation fleet 
X 
(1) Includes Virginia Power’s non-jurisdictional solar generation operations. 
(2) Includes renewable natural gas operations. 
In addition to the operating segments above, the Companies 
also report a Corporate and Other segment. 
DOMINION ENERGY 
The Corporate and Other Segment of Dominion Energy includes its 
corporate, service company and other functions (including 
unallocated debt) as well as its noncontrolling interest in Domin-
ion Privatization, its noncontrolling interest in Wrangler (through 
March 2022) and Hope (through August 2022). In addition, 
Corporate and Other includes specific items attributable to 
Dominion Energy’s operating segments that are not included in 
profit measures evaluated by executive management in assessing 
the segments’ performance or in allocating resources, including 
the net impact of the operations reflected as discontinued oper-
ations, which includes the entities included in the East Ohio 
(through March 2024), Questar Gas (through May 2024) and 
PSNC (through September 2024) Transactions, a noncontrolling 
interest in Cove Point (through September 2023), certain solar 
generation facility development operations (through April 2024) 
and a noncontrolling interest in Atlantic Coast Pipeline as dis-
cussed in Notes 3 and 9. 
Dominion Energy’s CODM for the year ended December 31, 
2024 was the COO. The Dominion Energy CODM uses net 
income (loss) as the primary profit or loss measure at each seg-
ment. The Dominion Energy CODM considers budget-to-actual 
variances on a quarterly basis when making decisions about allo-
cating operating and capital resources to each segment, when 
assessing the performance of each segment and when determining 
the compensation of certain employees. 
In 2024, Dominion Energy reported after-tax net expenses of 
$644 million in the Corporate and Other segment, including 
$268 million of after-tax net expenses for specific items with 
$132 million of after-tax net expenses attributable to its operating 
segments. 
The net expenses for specific items attributable to Dominion 
Energy’s operating segments in 2024 primarily related to the 
impact of the following items: 
• 
A $232 million ($176 million after-tax) loss related to eco-
nomic hedging activities, attributable to Contracted Energy; 
• 
A $122 million ($89 million after-tax) charge related to the 
revision of AROs for Millstone Unit 1, attributable to Con-
tracted Energy; 
• 
A $103 million ($77 million after-tax) charge for Virginia 
Power’s share of costs not expected to be recovered from cus-
tomers on the CVOW Commercial Project, attributable to 
Dominion Energy Virginia; 
• 
$60 million ($46 million after-tax) of charges for the impair-
ment of certain nonregulated renewable natural gas facilities, 
attributable to Contracted Energy; 
• 
A $58 million ($44 million after-tax) charge in connection 
with the electric base rate case in South Carolina, attributable 
to Dominion Energy South Carolina; 
• 
A $47 million ($35 million after-tax) charge in connection 
with a settlement of an agreement, attributable to Contracted 
Energy; 
• 
$40 million ($30 million after-tax) of charges for dismantling 
costs associated with the early retirement of certain electric 
generation facilities, attributable to Dominion Energy 
Virginia; 
• 
A $30 million ($22 million after-tax) charge related to the 
write-off of certain early-stage development costs, attributable 
to Dominion Energy Virginia; and 
• 
A $25 million ($19 million after-tax) charge associated with 
an accrual for remediation costs at a manufactured gas plant 
site, attributable to Dominion Energy Virginia; partially offset 
by 
• 
A $565 million ($434 million after-tax) gain related to invest-
ments in nuclear decommissioning trust funds, attributable 
to: 
• 
Contracted Energy ($372 million after-tax); and 
• 
Dominion Energy Virginia ($62 million after-tax). 
In 2023, Dominion Energy reported after-tax net expenses of 
$129 million in the Corporate and Other segment, including 
$316 million of after-tax net income for specific items with 
$405 million of after-tax net income attributable to its operating 
segments. 
The net income for specific items attributable to Dominion 
Energy’s operating segments in 2023 primarily related to the 
impact of the following items: 
• 
A $586 million ($447 million after-tax) gain related to eco-
nomic hedging activities, attributable to Contracted Energy; 
• 
A $411 million ($305 million after-tax) gain related to invest-
ments in nuclear decommissioning trust funds, attributable 
to: 
• 
Contracted Energy ($262 million after-tax); and 
• 
Dominion Energy Virginia ($43 million after-tax); and 
• 
A $28 million ($21 million after-tax) benefit related to real estate 
transactions, including gains on the transfer of property to satisfy 
litigation associated with the NND Project, attributable to 
Dominion Energy South Carolina; partially offset by 
158 

• 
A $244 million ($182 million after-tax) charge for amor-
tization of a regulatory asset established in connection with 
the settlement of the 2021 Triennial Review, attributable to 
Dominion Energy Virginia; 
• 
An $83 million ($60 million after-tax) charge related to the 
revision of AROs for Millstone Unit 1, attributable to Con-
tracted Energy; 
• 
A $65 million ($48 million after-tax) charge for an easement 
related to the CVOW Commercial Project for which Virginia 
Power will not seek recovery, attributable to Dominion 
Energy Virginia; 
• 
A $36 million ($27 million after-tax) charge for the write-off 
of certain previously deferred amounts related to the cessation 
of certain riders effective July 2023, attributable to Dominion 
Energy Virginia; 
• 
A $35 million ($26 million after-tax) decrease from Domin-
ion Energy’s share of an impairment of certain property, plant 
and equipment at Align RNG, attributable to Contracted 
Energy; and 
• 
A $25 million ($19 million after-tax) charge associated with 
the abandonment of certain regulated solar generation and 
other facilities, attributable to Dominion Energy Virginia. 
In 2022, Dominion Energy reported after-tax net expenses of 
$1.4 billion in the Corporate and Other segment, including 
$1.5 billion of after-tax net expenses for specific items with $2.4 
billion of after-tax net expenses attributable to its operating seg-
ments. 
The net expenses for specific items attributable to Dominion 
Energy’s operating segments in 2022 primarily related to the 
impact of the following items: 
• 
A $829 million ($633 million after-tax) charge associated 
with the impairment of certain nonregulated solar generation 
facilities, attributable to Contracted Energy; 
• 
A $649 million ($513 million after-tax) loss associated with 
the sale of Kewaunee, attributable to Contracted Energy; 
• 
A $559 million ($451 million after-tax) loss related to invest-
ments in nuclear decommissioning trust funds, attributable 
to: 
• 
Contracted Energy ($393 million after-tax); and 
• 
Dominion Energy Virginia ($58 million after-tax); 
• 
A $243 million ($181 million after-tax) charge for amor-
tization of a regulatory asset established in connection with 
the settlement of the 2021 Triennial Review, attributable to 
Dominion Energy Virginia; 
• 
A $213 million ($159 million after-tax) charge for RGGI 
compliance costs deemed recovered through base rates, attrib-
utable to Dominion Energy Virginia; 
• 
A $191 million ($142 million after-tax) charge in connection 
with a comprehensive settlement agreement for Virginia fuel 
expenses, attributable to Dominion Energy Virginia; 
• 
$167 million ($124 million after-tax) of charges for dis-
mantling costs associated with the early retirement of certain 
electric generation facilities, attributable to Dominion Energy 
Virginia; 
• 
$125 million ($93 million after-tax) of charges associated with 
storm damage and service restoration, attributable to: 
• 
Dominion Energy Virginia ($87 million after-tax); and 
• 
Contracted Energy ($6 million after-tax); 
• 
A $40 million ($30 million after-tax) charge associated with 
the write-off of inventory, attributable to: 
• 
Contracted Energy ($16 million after-tax); and 
• 
Dominion Energy Virginia ($14 million after-tax); parti-
ally offset by 
• 
A $67 million ($49 million after-tax) gain related to economic 
hedging activities, attributable to Contracted Energy. 
159 

Combined Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements, Continued 
The following table presents segment information pertaining to Dominion Energy’s 2024 operations: 
Year Ended December 31, 2024 
Dominion 
Energy 
Virginia 
Dominion 
Energy 
South 
Carolina 
Contracted 
Energy 
Corporate 
and Other 
Adjustments & 
Eliminations 
Consolidated 
Total 
(millions) 
 
 
 
Total revenue from external customers 
$10,226 
$3,295 
$1,099 
$ (161) 
$ 
— 
$14,459 
Intersegment revenue 
9 
9 
10 
1,002 
(1,030) 
— 
Total Operating Revenue 
10,235 
3,304 
1,109 
841 
(1,030) 
14,459 
Electric fuel and other energy-related purchases(1) 
2,743 
775 
102 
— 
(6) 
3,614 
Purchased electric capacity(1) 
68 
8 
— 
— 
(2) 
74 
Purchased gas(1) 
— 
260 
— 
— 
— 
260 
Other operations and maintenance(1)(2) 
2,217 
671 
487 
1,827 
(1,014) 
4,188 
Depreciation and amortization(1) 
1,635 
546 
76 
88 
— 
2,345 
Other taxes(1) 
332 
292 
53 
62 
(8) 
731 
Total Operating Expenses 
6,995 
2,552 
718 
1,977 
(1,030) 
11,212 
Interest and related charges(1) 
856 
276 
36 
906 
(187) 
1,887 
Income tax expense (benefit)(1) 
443 
80 
105 
(320) 
— 
308 
Equity in earnings (losses) of equity method investees(3) 
— 
— 
9 
(6) 
— 
3 
Other income (expense)(3) 
100 
(5) 
(15) 
614 
— 
694 
Interest income(3) 
20 
7 
115 
170 
(187) 
125 
Net Income from Discontinued Operations Including Noncontrolling Interests 
— 
— 
— 
197 
— 
197 
Noncontrolling Interests 
50 
— 
— 
(103) 
— 
(53) 
Net Income (Loss) Attributable to Dominion Energy 
2,011 
398 
359 
(644) 
— 
2,124 
Investment in equity method investees(4) 
— 
— 
91 
47 
— 
138 
Capital expenditures 
9,968 
1,105 
772 
582 
— 
12,427 
Total assets (billions) 
70.0 
18.4 
9.5 
10.2 
(5.7) 
102.4 
(1) The significant expense categories and amounts in the segment information presented above align with the segment-level information that is regularly pro-
vided to Dominion Energy’s CODM. 
(2) Includes impairment of assets and other charges (benefits) and losses (gains) on sale of assets. 
(3) Items designated are other segment items for each reportable segment. 
(4) Excludes liability to Atlantic Coast Pipeline. 
160 

The following table presents segment information pertaining to Dominion Energy’s 2023 operations: 
Year Ended December 31, 2023 
Dominion 
Energy 
Virginia 
Dominion 
Energy 
South 
Carolina 
Contracted 
Energy 
Corporate 
and Other 
Adjustments & 
Eliminations 
Consolidated 
Total 
(millions) 
 
 
 
Total revenue from external customers 
$9,575 
$3,369 
$835 
$ 614 
$
— 
$14,393 
Intersegment revenue 
(2) 
6 
16 
939 
(959) 
— 
Total Operating Revenue 
9,573 
3,375 
851 
1,553 
(959) 
14,393 
Electric fuel and other energy-related purchases(1) 
2,918 
947 
80 
— 
(10) 
3,935 
Purchased electric capacity(1) 
46 
12 
— 
— 
(3) 
55 
Purchased gas(1) 
— 
285 
— 
— 
— 
285 
Other operations and maintenance(1)(2) 
1,842 
612 
544 
1,381 
(939) 
3,440 
Depreciation and amortization(1) 
1,622 
531 
105 
322 
— 
2,580 
Other taxes(1) 
298 
285 
48 
60 
(7) 
684 
Total Operating Expenses 
6,726 
2,672 
777 
1,763 
(959) 
10,979 
Interest and related charges(1) 
772 
249 
44 
815 
(206) 
1,674 
Income tax expense(1) 
471 
79 
15 
3 
— 
568 
Equity in earnings (losses) of equity method investees(3) 
— 
— 
(34) 
8 
— 
(26) 
Other income (expense)(3) 
65 
(4) 
22 
820 
— 
903 
Interest income(3) 
15 
6 
96 
196 
(206) 
107 
Net Loss From Discontinued Operations Including Noncontrolling Interests 
— 
— 
— 
(125) 
— 
(125) 
Net Income (Loss) Attributable to Dominion Energy 
1,684 
377 
99 
(129) 
— 
2,031 
Investment in equity method investees(4) 
— 
— 
80 
188 
— 
268 
Capital expenditures 
7,196 
957 
740 
1,342 
— 
10,235 
Total assets (billions) 
60.7 
17.3 
9.1 
26.1 
(4.1) 
109.1 
(1) The significant expense categories and amounts in the segment information presented above align with the segment-level information that is regularly pro-
vided to Dominion Energy’s CODM. 
(2) Includes impairment of assets and other charges (benefits) and losses (gains) on sale of assets. 
(3) Items designated are other segment items for each reportable segment. 
(4) Excludes liability to Atlantic Coast Pipeline. 
161 

Combined Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements, Continued 
The following table presents segment information pertaining to Dominion Energy’s 2022 operations: 
Year Ended December 31, 2022 
Dominion 
Energy 
Virginia 
Dominion 
Energy 
South 
Carolina 
Contracted 
Energy 
Corporate 
and Other 
Adjustments & 
Eliminations 
Consolidated 
Total 
(millions) 
 
 
 
Total revenue from external customers 
$9,658 
$3,323 
$884 
$ 
73 
$
— 
$13,938 
Intersegment revenue 
(15) 
7 
18 
849 
(859) 
— 
Total Operating Revenue 
9,643 
3,330 
902 
922 
(859) 
13,938 
Electric fuel and other energy-related purchases(1) 
2,913 
719 
90 
— 
(11) 
3,711 
Purchased electric capacity(1) 
38 
15 
— 
9 
(3) 
59 
Purchased gas(1) 
— 
383 
— 
43 
— 
426 
Other operations and maintenance(1)(2) 
1,956 
604 
448 
3,009 
(839) 
5,178 
Depreciation and amortization(1) 
1,452 
507 
123 
360 
— 
2,442 
Other taxes(1) 
301 
269 
43 
68 
(6) 
675 
Total Operating Expenses 
6,660 
2,497 
704 
3,489 
(859) 
12,491 
Interest and related charges(1) 
645 
220 
18 
169 
(50) 
1,002 
Income tax expense (benefit)(1) 
514 
132 
55 
(642) 
— 
59 
Equity in earnings of equity method investees(3) 
— 
— 
2 
19 
— 
21 
Other income (expense)(3) 
64 
18 
(14) 
(315) 
— 
(247) 
Interest income(3) 
17 
6 
75 
61 
(50) 
109 
Net Income from Discontinued Operations Including Noncontrolling Interests 
— 
— 
— 
922 
— 
922 
Net Income (Loss) Attributable to Dominion Energy 
1,905 
505 
188 
(1,407) 
— 
1,191 
Capital expenditures 
5,187 
708 
683 
1,180 
— 
7,758 
(1) The significant expense categories and amounts in the segment information presented above align with the segment-level information that is regularly pro-
vided to Dominion Energy’s CODM. 
(2) Includes impairment of assets and other charges (benefits) and losses (gains) on sale of assets. 
(3) Items designated are other segment items for each reportable segment. 
Intersegment sales and transfers for Dominion Energy are based on contractual arrangements and may result in intersegment profit or loss 
that is eliminated in consolidation, including amounts related to entities presented within discontinued operations. 
162 

VIRGINIA POWER 
The Corporate and Other Segment of Virginia Power primarily 
includes specific items attributable to its operating segment that 
are not included in profit measures evaluated by executive 
management in assessing the segment’s performance or in allocat-
ing resources. 
Virginia Power’s CODM for the year ended December 31, 
2024 was the COO. The Virginia Power CODM uses net 
income (loss) as the primary profit or loss measure at each seg-
ment. The Virginia Power CODM considers budget-to-actual 
variances on a quarterly basis when making decisions about allo-
cating operating and capital resources to each segment, when 
assessing the performance of each segment and when determining 
the compensation of certain employees. 
In 2024, Virginia Power reported after-tax net expenses of 
$101 million in the Corporate and Other segment, including 
$102 million of after-tax net expenses for specific items all of 
which were attributable to its operating segment. 
The net expenses for specific items attributable to its operat-
ing segment in 2024 primarily related to the impact of the follow-
ing items: 
• 
A $103 million ($77 million after-tax) charge for Virginia 
Power’s share of costs not expected to be recovered from cus-
tomers on the CVOW Commercial Project; 
• 
$40 million ($30 million after-tax) of charges for dismantling 
costs associated with the early retirement of certain electric 
generation facilities; 
• 
A $30 million ($22 million after-tax) charge related to the 
write-off of certain early-stage development costs; and 
• 
A $25 million ($19 million after-tax) charge associated with 
an accrual for remediation costs at a manufactured gas plant 
site; partially offset by 
• 
A $83 million ($62 million after-tax) gain related to invest-
ments in nuclear decommissioning trust funds. 
In 2023, Virginia Power reported after-tax net expenses of 
$232 million in the Corporate and Other segment, including 
$232 million of after-tax net expenses for specific items all of 
which were attributable to its operating segment. 
The net expenses for specific items attributable to its operat-
ing segment in 2023 primarily related to the impact of the follow-
ing items: 
• 
A $244 million ($182 million after-tax) charge for amor-
tization of a regulatory asset established in connection with 
the settlement of the 2021 Triennial Review; 
• 
A $65 million ($48 million after-tax) charge for an easement 
related to the CVOW Commercial Project for which Virginia 
Power will not seek recovery; 
• 
A $36 million ($27 million after-tax) charge for the write-off 
of certain previously deferred amounts related to the cessation 
of certain riders effective July 2023; and 
• 
A $25 million ($19 million after-tax) charge associated with 
the abandonment of certain regulated solar generation and 
other facilities; partially offset by 
• 
A $59 million ($43 million after-tax) gain related to invest-
ments in nuclear decommissioning trust funds. 
In 2022, Virginia Power reported after-tax net expenses of 
$793 million in the Corporate and Other segment, including 
$773 million of after-tax net expenses for specific items all of 
which were attributable to its operating segment. 
The net expenses for specific items attributable to its operat-
ing segment in 2022 primarily related to the impact of the follow-
ing items: 
• 
A $243 million ($181 million after-tax) charge for amor-
tization of a regulatory asset established in connection with 
the settlement of the 2021 Triennial Review; 
• 
A $213 million ($159 million after-tax) charge for RGGI 
compliance costs deemed recovered through base rates; 
• 
A $191 million ($142 million after-tax) charge in connection 
with a comprehensive settlement agreement for Virginia fuel 
expenses; 
• 
$167 million ($124 million after-tax) of charges for dis-
mantling costs associated with the early retirement of certain 
electric generation facilities; 
• 
$117 million ($87 million after-tax) of charges associated with 
storm damage and service restoration in its service territory; 
and 
• 
A $78 million ($58 million after-tax) loss related to invest-
ments in nuclear decommissioning trust funds. 
163 

Combined Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements, Continued 
The following table presents segment information pertaining to Virginia Power’s operations: 
Year Ended December 31, 
Dominion Energy 
Virginia 
Corporate 
and Other 
Consolidated 
Total 
(millions) 
2024 
Operating Revenue 
$10,235 
$
— 
$10,235 
Electric fuel and other energy-related purchases(1) 
2,743 
— 
2,743 
Purchased electric capacity(1) 
68 
— 
68 
Other operations and maintenance(1)(2) 
2,217 
312 
2,529 
Depreciation and amortization(1) 
1,635 
9 
1,644 
Other taxes(1) 
332 
1 
333 
Total Operating Expenses 
6,995 
322 
7,317 
Interest and related charges (benefit)(1) 
856 
(8) 
848 
Income tax expense (benefit)(1) 
443 
(35) 
408 
Other income (expense)(3) 
100 
69 
169 
Interest income(3) 
20 
6 
26 
Noncontrolling Interests 
50 
(103) 
(53) 
Net Income (Loss) Attributable to Virginia Power 
2,011 
(101) 
1,910 
Capital expenditures 
9,968 
— 
9,968 
Total assets (billions) 
68.4 
— 
68.4 
2023 
Operating Revenue 
$ 9,573 
$
— 
$ 9,573 
Electric fuel and other energy-related purchases(1) 
2,918 
— 
2,918 
Purchased electric capacity(1) 
46 
— 
46 
Other operations and maintenance(1)(2) 
1,842 
124 
1,966 
Depreciation and amortization(1) 
1,622 
249 
1,871 
Other taxes(1) 
298 
— 
298 
Total Operating Expenses 
6,726 
373 
7,099 
Interest and related charges (benefit)(1) 
772 
(8) 
764 
Income tax expense (benefit)(1) 
471 
(82) 
389 
Other income (expense)(3) 
65 
51 
116 
Interest income(3) 
15 
— 
15 
Net Income (Loss) Attributable to Virginia Power 
1,684 
(232) 
1,452 
Capital expenditures 
7,196 
— 
7,196 
Total assets (billions) 
58.6 
— 
58.6 
2022 
Operating Revenue 
$ 9,643 
$ 11 
$ 9,654 
Electric fuel and other energy-related purchases(1) 
2,913 
— 
2,913 
Purchased electric capacity(1) 
38 
8 
46 
Other operations and maintenance(1)(2) 
1,956 
652 
2,608 
Depreciation and amortization(1) 
1,452 
284 
1,736 
Other taxes(1) 
301 
2 
303 
Total Operating Expenses 
6,660 
946 
7,606 
Interest and related charges (benefit)(1) 
645 
(3) 
642 
Income tax expense (benefit)(1) 
514 
(220) 
294 
Other income (expense)(3) 
64 
(81) 
(17) 
Interest income(3) 
17 
— 
17 
Net Income (Loss) Attributable to Virginia Power 
1,905 
(793) 
1,112 
Capital expenditures 
5,187 
— 
5,187 
(1) The significant expense categories and amounts in the segment information presented above align with the segment-level information that is regularly pro-
vided to Virginia Power’s CODM. 
(2) Includes impairment of assets and other charges (benefits). 
(3) Items designated are other segment items for each reportable segment. 
164 

NOTE 27. QUARTERLY FINANCIAL DATA (UNAUDITED) 
A summary of Dominion Energy’s quarterly results of operations for the years ended December 31, 2024 and 2023 is as follows. Amounts 
reflect all adjustments necessary in the opinion of management for a fair statement of the results for the interim periods. Results for 
interim periods may fluctuate as a result of weather conditions, changes in rates and other factors. 
DOMINION ENERGY 
First Quarter 
Second Quarter 
Third Quarter 
Fourth Quarter 
(millions) 
2024 
Operating revenue 
$ 3,632 
$ 3,486 
$ 3,941 
$ 3,400 
Income from continuing operations 
833 
805 
1,218 
391 
Net income from continuing operations including noncontrolling interests 
323 
483 
973 
95 
Net income (loss) from discontinued operations including noncontrolling interest 
118 
97 
(15) 
(3) 
Net income including noncontrolling interests 
441 
580 
958 
92 
Noncontrolling interests 
— 
— 
— 
(53) 
Net income attributable to Dominion Energy 
441 
580 
958 
145 
Basic EPS: 
 
 
Net income from continuing operations 
0.36 
0.54 
1.14 
0.15 
Net income (loss) from discontinued operations 
0.14 
0.12 
(0.02) 
— 
Net income attributable to Dominion Energy 
0.50 
0.66 
1.12 
0.15 
Diluted EPS: 
 
 
Net income from continuing operations 
0.36 
0.54 
1.14 
0.15 
Net income (loss) from discontinued operations 
0.14 
0.12 
(0.02) 
— 
Net income attributable to Dominion Energy 
0.50 
0.66 
1.12 
0.15 
Dividends declared per preferred share (Series B)(1) 
11.625 
9.922 
11.625 
9.688 
Dividends declared per preferred share (Series C) 
10.875 
10.875 
10.875 
10.875 
Dividends declared per common share 
0.6675 
0.6675 
0.6675 
0.6675 
2023 
 
 
Operating revenue 
$ 3,883 
$ 3,166 
$ 3,810 
$ 3,534 
Income from continuing operations 
1,079 
594 
1,029 
712 
Net income from continuing operations including noncontrolling interests 
691 
407 
694 
364 
Net income (loss) from discontinued operations including noncontrolling interest 
281 
168 
(541) 
(33) 
Net income including noncontrolling interests 
972 
575 
153 
331 
Net income attributable to Dominion Energy 
972 
575 
153 
331 
Basic EPS: 
 
 
Net income from continuing operations 
0.80 
0.46 
0.81 
0.41 
Net income (loss) from discontinued operations 
0.34 
0.20 
(0.65) 
(0.04) 
Net income attributable to Dominion Energy 
1.14 
0.66 
0.16 
0.37 
Diluted EPS: 
 
 
Net income from continuing operations 
0.80 
0.46 
0.81 
0.41 
Net income (loss) from discontinued operations 
0.34 
0.20 
(0.65) 
(0.04) 
Net income attributable to Dominion Energy 
1.14 
0.66 
0.16 
0.37 
Dividends declared per preferred share (Series B) 
11.625 
11.625 
11.625 
11.625 
Dividends declared per preferred share (Series C) 
10.875 
10.875 
10.875 
10.875 
Dividends declared per common share 
0.6675 
0.6675 
0.6675 
0.6675 
(1) See Note 19 for a discussion of repurchases and redemptions during the second and fourth quarters. 
165 

Combined Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements, Continued 
Dominion Energy’s 2024 results include the impact of the follow-
ing significant items: 
• 
First quarter results include $238 million of after-tax losses 
from lower market related impacts on pension and other post-
retirement plans and a $108 million after-tax loss on the clos-
ing of the East Ohio Transaction, offset by $202 million of 
after-tax gains related to investments in nuclear 
decommissioning trust funds. 
• 
Third quarter results include $132 million of after-tax gains 
related to investments in nuclear decommissioning trust funds 
and $103 million of after-tax gains related to the mark-to-
market impact of economic hedging activities. 
• 
Fourth quarter results include $93 million of after-tax losses 
related to the mark-to-market impact of economic hedging 
activities and a $77 million after-tax charge for Virginia 
Power’s share of costs not expected to be recovered from cus-
tomers on the CVOW Commercial Project. 
Dominion Energy’s 2023 results include the impact of the follow­
ing significant items: 
• 
Fourth quarter results include a $275 million after-tax charge 
for an impairment of certain goodwill associated with the East 
Ohio and Questar Gas Transactions. 
• 
Third quarter results include $939 million of charges reflect-
ing the recognition of deferred taxes on the outside basis of 
stock associated with East Ohio, PSNC, Questar Gas and 
Wexpro meeting the classification as held for sale that will 
reverse when the sale is completed and a $348 million after-
tax gain on the sale of Dominion Energy’s remaining non-
controlling interest in Cove Point. 
166 

Item 9. Changes in and Disagreements 
With Accountants on Accounting and 
Financial Disclosure 
None. 
Item 9A. Controls and Procedures 
DOMINION ENERGY 
Senior management of Dominion Energy, including Dominion 
Energy’s CEO and CFO, evaluated the effectiveness of Dominion 
Energy’s disclosure controls and procedures as of the end of the 
period covered by this report. Based on this evaluation process, 
Dominion Energy’s CEO and CFO have concluded that Domin-
ion Energy’s disclosure controls and procedures are effective. 
There were no changes that occurred during the last fiscal quarter 
that have materially affected, or are reasonably likely to materially 
affect, Dominion Energy’s internal control over financial 
reporting. 
MANAGEMENT’S ANNUAL REPORT ON 
INTERNAL CONTROL OVER FINANCIAL 
REPORTING 
Management of Dominion Energy understands and accepts 
responsibility for Dominion Energy’s financial statements and 
related disclosures and the effectiveness of internal control over 
financial reporting (internal control). Dominion Energy con-
tinuously strives to identify opportunities to enhance the 
effectiveness and efficiency of internal control, just as Dominion 
Energy does throughout all aspects of its business. 
Dominion Energy maintains a system of internal control 
designed to provide reasonable assurance, at a reasonable cost, 
that its assets are safeguarded against loss from unauthorized use 
or disposition and that transactions are executed and recorded in 
accordance with established procedures. This system includes 
written policies, an organizational structure designed to ensure 
appropriate segregation of responsibilities, careful selection and 
training of qualified personnel and internal audits. 
The Audit Committee of the Board of Directors of Dominion 
Energy, composed entirely of independent directors, meets peri-
odically with the independent registered public accounting firm, 
the internal auditors and management to discuss auditing, 
internal control, and financial reporting matters of Dominion 
Energy and to ensure that each is properly discharging its 
responsibilities. Both the independent registered public account-
ing firm and the internal auditors periodically meet alone with the 
Audit Committee and have free access to the Audit Committee at 
any time. 
SEC rules implementing Section 404 of the Sarbanes-Oxley 
Act of 2002 require Dominion Energy’s 2024 Annual Report to 
contain a management’s report and a report of the independent 
registered public accounting firm regarding the effectiveness of 
internal control. As a basis for the report, Dominion Energy 
tested and evaluated the design and operating effectiveness of 
internal controls. Based on its assessment as of December 31, 
2024, Dominion Energy makes the following assertions: 
Management is responsible for establishing and maintaining 
effective internal control over financial reporting of Dominion 
Energy. 
There are inherent limitations in the effectiveness of any 
internal control, including the possibility of human error and the 
circumvention or overriding of controls. Accordingly, even effec-
tive internal controls can provide only reasonable assurance with 
respect to financial statement preparation. Further, because of 
changes in conditions, the effectiveness of internal control may 
vary over time. 
Management evaluated Dominion Energy’s internal control 
over financial reporting as of December 31, 2024. This assess-
ment was based on criteria for effective internal control over 
financial reporting described in Internal Control-Integrated 
Framework (2013) issued by the Committee of Sponsoring 
Organizations of the Treadway Commission. Based on this 
assessment, management believes that Dominion Energy main-
tained effective internal control over financial reporting as of 
December 31, 2024. 
Dominion Energy’s independent registered public accounting 
firm is engaged to express an opinion on Dominion Energy’s 
internal control over financial reporting, as stated in their report 
which is included herein. 
February 27, 2025 
167 

REPORT OF INDEPENDENT REGISTERED 
PUBLIC ACCOUNTING FIRM 
To the Shareholders and the Board of Directors of Dominion 
Energy, Inc. 
Opinion on Internal Control over Financial Reporting 
We have audited the internal control over financial reporting of 
Dominion Energy, Inc. and subsidiaries (“Dominion Energy”) as 
of December 31, 2024, based on criteria established in Internal 
Control — Integrated Framework (2013) issued by the Committee 
of Sponsoring Organizations of the Treadway Commission 
(COSO). In our opinion, Dominion Energy maintained, in all 
material respects, effective internal control over financial report-
ing as of December 31, 2024, based on criteria established in 
Internal Control — Integrated Framework (2013) issued by 
COSO. 
We have also audited, in accordance with the standards of the 
Public Company Accounting Oversight Board (United States) 
(PCAOB), the consolidated financial statements at and for the 
year ended December 31, 2024, of Dominion Energy and our 
report dated February 27, 2025, expressed an unqualified opinion 
on those consolidated financial statements and included an 
explanatory paragraph regarding Dominion Energy’s election to 
change its method of accounting for the recognition of actuarial 
gains and losses on its defined benefit pension and other 
postretirement benefit plans into earnings from an amortization 
approach to immediate recognition. 
Basis for Opinion 
Dominion Energy’s management is responsible for maintaining 
effective internal control over financial reporting and for its 
assessment of the effectiveness of internal control over financial 
reporting, included in the accompanying Management’s Annual 
Report on Internal Control over Financial Reporting. Our 
responsibility is to express an opinion on Dominion Energy’s 
internal control over financial reporting based on our audit. We 
are a public accounting firm registered with the PCAOB and are 
required to be independent with respect to Dominion Energy in 
accordance with the U.S. federal securities laws and the applicable 
rules and regulations of the Securities and Exchange Commission 
and the PCAOB. 
We conducted our audit in accordance with the standards of 
the PCAOB. Those standards require that we plan and perform 
the audit to obtain reasonable assurance about whether effective 
internal control over financial reporting was maintained in all 
material respects. Our audit included obtaining an understanding 
of internal control over financial reporting, assessing the risk that 
a material weakness exists, testing and evaluating the design and 
operating effectiveness of internal control based on the assessed 
risk, and performing such other procedures as we considered 
necessary in the circumstances. We believe that our audit provides 
a reasonable basis for our opinion. 
Definition and Limitations of Internal Control over Financial 
Reporting 
A company’s internal control over financial reporting is a 
process designed to provide reasonable assurance regarding the 
reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial 
statements for external purposes in accordance with generally 
accepted accounting principles. A company’s internal control over 
financial reporting includes those policies and procedures that 
(1) pertain to the maintenance of records that, in reasonable 
detail, accurately and fairly reflect the transactions and dis-
positions of the assets of the company; (2) provide reasonable 
assurance that transactions are recorded as necessary to permit 
preparation of financial statements in accordance with generally 
accepted accounting principles, and that receipts and expenditures 
of the company are being made only in accordance with author-
izations of management and directors of the company; and 
(3) provide reasonable assurance regarding prevention or timely 
detection of unauthorized acquisition, use, or disposition of the 
company’s assets that could have a material effect on the financial 
statements. 
Because of its inherent limitations, internal control over finan-
cial reporting may not prevent or detect misstatements. Also, 
projections of any evaluation of effectiveness to future periods are 
subject to the risk that controls may become inadequate because 
of changes in conditions, or that the degree of compliance with 
the policies or procedures may deteriorate. 
/s/ Deloitte & Touche LLP 
Richmond, Virginia 
February 27, 2025 
168 

VIRGINIA POWER 
Senior management of Virginia Power, including Virginia Pow-
er’s CEO and CFO, evaluated the effectiveness of Virginia Pow-
er’s disclosure controls and procedures as of the end of the period 
covered by this report. Based on this evaluation process, Virginia 
Power’s CEO and CFO have concluded that Virginia Power’s 
disclosure controls and procedures are effective. There were no 
changes that occurred during the last fiscal quarter that have 
materially affected, or are reasonably likely to materially affect, 
Virginia Power’s internal control over financial reporting. 
MANAGEMENT’S ANNUAL REPORT ON 
INTERNAL CONTROL OVER FINANCIAL 
REPORTING 
Management of Virginia Power understands and accepts responsi-
bility for Virginia Power’s financial statements and related dis-
closures and the effectiveness of internal control over financial 
reporting (internal control). Virginia Power continuously strives 
to identify opportunities to enhance the effectiveness and effi-
ciency of internal control, just as it does throughout all aspects of 
its business. 
Virginia Power maintains a system of internal control 
designed to provide reasonable assurance, at a reasonable cost, 
that its assets are safeguarded against loss from unauthorized use 
or disposition and that transactions are executed and recorded in 
accordance with established procedures. This system includes 
written policies, an organizational structure designed to ensure 
appropriate segregation of responsibilities, careful selection and 
training of qualified personnel and internal audits. 
The Board of Directors also serves as Virginia Power’s Audit 
Committee and meets periodically with the independent regis-
tered public accounting firm, the internal auditors and manage-
ment to discuss Virginia Power’s auditing, internal accounting 
control and financial reporting matters and to ensure that each is 
properly discharging its responsibilities. 
SEC rules implementing Section 404 of the Sarbanes-Oxley 
Act require Virginia Power’s 2024 Annual Report to contain a 
management’s report regarding the effectiveness of internal con-
trol. As a basis for the report, Virginia Power tested and evaluated 
the design and operating effectiveness of internal controls. Based 
on the assessment as of December 31, 2024, Virginia Power 
makes the following assertions: 
Management is responsible for establishing and maintaining 
effective internal control over financial reporting of Virginia 
Power. 
There are inherent limitations in the effectiveness of any 
internal control, including the possibility of human error and the 
circumvention or overriding of controls. Accordingly, even effec-
tive internal controls can provide only reasonable assurance with 
respect to financial statement preparation. Further, because of 
changes in conditions, the effectiveness of internal control may 
vary over time. 
Management evaluated Virginia Power’s internal control over 
financial reporting as of December 31, 2024. This assessment was 
based on criteria for effective internal control over financial 
reporting described in Internal Control-Integrated Framework 
(2013) issued by the Committee of Sponsoring Organizations of 
the Treadway Commission. Based on this assessment, manage-
ment believes that Virginia Power maintained effective internal 
control over financial reporting as of December 31, 2024. 
This annual report does not include an attestation report of 
Virginia Power’s registered public accounting firm regarding 
internal control over financial reporting. Management’s report is 
not subject to attestation by Virginia Power’s independent regis-
tered public accounting firm pursuant to a permanent exemption 
under the Dodd-Frank Act. 
February 27, 2025 
Item 9B. Other Information 
During the last fiscal year, none of the Companies’ directors or 
officers (as defined in Rule 16a-1(f) under the Exchange Act) 
adopted or terminated a “Rule 10b5-1 trading arrangement” or 
“non-Rule 10b5-1 trading arrangement,” as each term is defined 
in Item 408(a) of Regulation S-K. 
Item 9C. Disclosure Regarding Foreign 
Jurisdictions that Prevent Inspections 
Not applicable. 
169 

Part III 
Item 10. Directors, Executive Officers 
and Corporate Governance 
DOMINION ENERGY 
The information required by this item is incorporated by refer-
ence to the sections entitled Item 1—Election of Directors, 
Corporate Governance—The Committees of the Board, Other 
Information—Delinquent Section 16(a) Reports, Corporate 
Governance—Other Governance Practices and Policies—Code of 
Ethics and Business Conduct and Corporate Governance—Other 
Governance Practices and Policies—Securities Trading Policy in the 
Dominion Energy 2025 Proxy Statement. 
The information concerning the executive officers of Domin-
ion Energy required by this item is included in Part I of this 
Form 10-K under the caption Information about our Executive 
Officers. Each executive officer of Dominion Energy is elected 
annually. 
Item 11. Executive Compensation 
DOMINION ENERGY 
The information required by this item is incorporated by refer-
ence to the section entitled Executive Compensation, Compensation 
of Non-Employee Directors and Corporate Governance—The 
Committees of the Board—Compensation Committee Interlocks and 
Insider Participation in the 2025 Proxy Statement. 
Item 12. Security Ownership of Certain 
Beneficial Owners and Management and 
Related Stockholder Matters 
DOMINION ENERGY 
The information required by this item is incorporated by refer-
ence to the sections entitled Security Ownership of Certain Benefi-
cial Owners and Management and Executive Compensation— 
Equity Compensation Plans in the 2025 Proxy Statement. 
Item 13. Certain Relationships and 
Related Transactions, and Director 
Independence 
DOMINION ENERGY 
The information required by this item is incorporated by refer-
ence to the sections entitled Corporate Governance—Other Gover-
nance Practices and Policies —Certain Relationships and Related 
Party Transactions and Corporate Governance—Director 
Independence in the 2025 Proxy Statement. 
Item 14. Principal Accountant Fees and 
Services 
DOMINION ENERGY 
The information required by this item is incorporated by refer-
ence to the section entitled Audit-Related Matters—Auditor Fees 
and Pre-Approval Policy in the 2025 Proxy Statement. 
VIRGINIA POWER 
The following table presents fees paid to Deloitte & Touche LLP 
for services related to Virginia Power for the fiscal years ended 
December 31, 2024 and 2023. 
Type of Fees 
2024 
2023 
(millions) 
Virginia Power 
Audit fees 
$3.22 
$2.53 
Audit-related fees 
0.15 
0.01 
Tax fees 
— 
— 
All other fees 
— 
0.19 
Total Fees 
$3.37 
$2.73 
Audit fees represent fees of Deloitte & Touche LLP for the 
audit of Virginia Power’s annual consolidated financial state-
ments, the review of financial statements included in Virginia 
Power’s quarterly Form 10-Q reports, and the services that an 
independent auditor would customarily provide in connection 
with subsidiary audits, statutory requirements, regulatory filings 
and similar engagements for the fiscal year, such as comfort let-
ters, attest services, consents and assistance with review of docu-
ments filed with the SEC. 
Audit-related fees consist of assurance and related services that 
are reasonably related to the performance of the audit or review of 
Virginia Power’s consolidated financial statements or internal 
control over financial reporting. This category may include fees 
related to the performance of audits and attest services not 
required by statute or regulations, due diligence related to merg-
ers, acquisitions and investments, and accounting consultations 
about the application of GAAP to proposed transactions. 
All other fees for 2023 consist of permissible advisory services 
associated with a new system pre-implementation review. 
Virginia Power’s Board of Directors has adopted the Domin-
ion Energy Audit Committee pre-approval policy for their 
independent auditor’s services and fees and have delegated the 
execution of this policy to the Dominion Energy Audit Commit-
tee. All services performed in 2024 and 2023 by the independent 
auditor were approved by the Dominion Energy Audit Commit-
tee pursuant to the pre-approval policy. 
170 

Part IV 
Item 15. Exhibits and Financial Statement Schedules 
(a) Certain documents are filed as part of this Form 10-K and are incorporated by reference and found on the pages noted. 
1. Financial Statements 
See Index on page 86. 
2. All schedules are omitted because they are not applicable, or the required information is either not material or is shown in the financial 
statements or the related notes. 
3. Exhibits (incorporated by reference unless otherwise noted) 
Exhibit 
Number 
Description 
Dominion 
Energy 
Virginia 
Power 
2.1.a 
Purchase and Sale Agreement, dated as of September 5, 2023, by and between Dominion Energy, Inc. and 
Enbridge Elephant Holdings, LLC (Exhibit 2.1, Form 8-K filed September 5, 2023, File No. 1-8489). 
X 
 
2.1.b 
Purchase and Sale Agreement, dated as of September 5, 2023, by and between Dominion Energy, Inc. and 
Enbridge Parrot Holdings, LLC (Exhibit 2.2, Form 8-K filed September 5, 2023, File No. 1-8489). 
X 
 
2.1.c 
Purchase and Sale Agreement, dated as of September 5, 2023, by and between Dominion Energy, Inc. and 
Enbridge Quail Holdings, LLC (Exhibit 2.3, Form 8-K filed September 5, 2023, File No. 1-8489). 
X 
 
2.2 
Equity Capital Contribution Agreement, dated as of February 21, 2024, by and between Virginia Electric 
and Power Company and Dunedin Member LLC (Exhibit 2.1, Form 8-K filed February 26, 2024, File 
No. 1-8489 and File No. 000-55337). 
X 
X 
3.1.a 
Dominion Energy, Inc. Amended and Restated Articles of Incorporation, dated as of December 17, 2024 
(Exhibit 3.1, Form 8-K filed December 17, 2024, File No.1-8489). 
X 
 
3.1.b 
Virginia Electric and Power Company Amended and Restated Articles of Incorporation, as in effect on 
October 30, 2014 (Exhibit 3.1.b, Form 10-Q filed November 3, 2014, File No. 1-2255). 
 
X 
3.2.a 
Dominion Energy, Inc. Bylaws, as amended and restated, effective February 21, 2024 (Exhibit 3.2.a, 
Form 10-K for the fiscal year ended December 31, 2023 filed February 23, 2024, File No.1-8489). 
X 
 
3.2.b 
Virginia Electric and Power Company Amended and Restated Bylaws, effective June 1, 2009 (Exhibit 3.1, 
Form 8-K filed June 3, 2009, File No. 1-2255). 
 
X 
4 
Dominion Energy, Inc. and Virginia Electric and Power Company agree to furnish to the Securities and 
Exchange Commission upon request any other instrument with respect to long-term debt as to which the 
total amount of securities authorized does not exceed 10% of any of their total consolidated assets. 
X 
X 
4.1.a 
See Exhibit 3.1.a above. 
X 
 
4.1.b 
See Exhibit 3.1.b above. 
 
X 
4.2 
Indenture of Mortgage of Virginia Electric and Power Company, dated November 1, 1935, as 
supplemented and modified by Fifty-Eighth Supplemental Indenture (Exhibit 4(ii), Form 10-K for the 
fiscal year ended December 31, 1985, File No. 1-2255); Ninety-Second Supplemental Indenture, dated as 
of July 1, 2012 (Exhibit 4.1, Form 10-Q for the quarter ended June 30, 2012 filed August 1, 2012, File 
No. 1-2255). 
X 
X 
171 

Exhibit 
Number 
Description 
Dominion 
Energy 
Virginia 
Power 
4.3 
Form of Senior Indenture, dated June 1, 1998, between Virginia Electric and Power Company and The 
Bank of New York Mellon (as successor trustee to JP Morgan Chase Bank (formerly The Chase Manhattan 
Bank)), as Trustee (Exhibit 4(iii), Form S-3 Registration Statement filed February 27, 1998, File 
No. 333-47119); Form of Thirteenth Supplemental Indenture, dated as of January 1, 2006 (Exhibit 4.3, 
Form 8-K filed January 12, 2006, File No. 1-2255); Form of Fourteenth Supplemental Indenture, dated 
May 1, 2007 (Exhibit 4.2, Form 8-K filed May 16, 2007, File No. 1-2255); Form of Seventeenth 
Supplemental Indenture, dated November 1, 2007 (Exhibit 4.3, Form 8-K filed November 30, 2007, 
File No. 1-2255); Form of Nineteenth Supplemental and Amending Indenture, dated November 1, 2008 
(Exhibit 4.2, Form 8-K filed November 5, 2008, File No. 1-2255); Twenty-Fourth Supplemental 
Indenture, dated as of January 1, 2013 (Exhibit 4.4, Form 8-K filed January 8, 2013, File No. 1-2255); 
Twenty-Fifth Supplemental Indenture, dated as of March 1, 2013 (Exhibit 4.3, Form 8-K filed March 14, 
2013, File No. 1-2255); Twenty-Sixth Supplemental Indenture, dated as of August 1, 2013 (Exhibit 4.3, 
Form 8-K filed August 15, 2013, File No. 1-2255); Twenty-Seventh Supplemental Indenture, dated 
February 1, 2014 (Exhibit 4.3, Form 8-K filed February 7, 2014, File No. 1-2255); Twenty-Eighth 
Supplemental Indenture, dated February 1, 2014 (Exhibit 4.4, Form 8-K filed February 7, 2014, File 
No. 1-2255); Twenty-Ninth Supplemental Indenture, dated May 1, 2015 (Exhibit 4.3, Form 8-K filed 
May 13, 2015, File No. 1-02255); Thirtieth Supplemental Indenture, dated May 1, 2015 (Exhibit 4.4, 
Form 8-K filed May 13, 2015, File No. 1-02255); Thirty-First Supplemental Indenture, dated January 1, 
2016 (Exhibit 4.3, Form 8-K filed January 14, 2016, File No. 000-55337); Thirty-Second Supplemental 
Indenture, dated November 1, 2016 (Exhibit 4.3, Form 8-K filed November 16, 2016, File 
No. 000-55337); Thirty-Third Supplemental Indenture, dated November 1, 2016 (Exhibit 4.4, Form 8-K 
filed November 16, 2016, File No. 000-55337); Thirty-Fourth Supplemental Indenture, dated March 1, 
2017 (Exhibit 4.3, Form 8-K filed March 16, 2017; File No. 000-55337). 
X 
X 
4.4 
Senior Indenture, dated as of September 1, 2017, between Virginia Electric and Power Company and U.S. 
Bank National Association, as Trustee (Exhibit 4.1, Form 8-K filed September 13, 2017, File 
No.000-55337); First Supplemental Indenture, dated as of September 1, 2017 (Exhibit 4.2, Form 8-K 
filed September 13, 2017, File No.000-55337); Second Supplemental Indenture, dated as of March 1, 
2018 (Exhibit 4.2, Form 8-K filed March 22, 2018, File No. 000-55337); Third Supplemental Indenture, 
dated as of November 1, 2018 (Exhibit 4.2, Form 8-K filed November 28, 2018, File No. 000-55337); 
Fourth Supplemental Indenture, dated as of July 1, 2019 (Exhibit 4.2, Form 8-K filed July 10, 2019, File 
No. 00-55337); Fifth Supplemental Indenture, dated as of December 1, 2019 (Exhibit 4.2, Form 8-K filed 
December 5, 2019, File No. 000-55337); Sixth Supplemental Indenture, dated as of December 1, 2020 
(Exhibit 4.2, Form 8-K filed December 15, 2020, File No. 00-55337); Seventh Supplemental Indenture, 
dated as of November 1, 2021 (Exhibit 4.2, Form 8-K filed November 22, 2021, File No.000-55337); 
Eighth Supplemental Indenture, dated as of November 1, 2021 (Exhibit 4.3, Form 8-K filed November 
22, 2021, File No.000-55337); Ninth Supplemental Indenture, dated as of January 1, 2022 (Exhibit 4.3, 
Form 8-K filed January 13, 2022, File No.000-55337); Tenth Supplemental Indenture, dated as of May 1, 
2022 (Exhibit 4.2, Form 8-K filed May 31, 2022, File No. 000-55337); Eleventh Supplemental Indenture, 
dated as of May 1, 2022 (Exhibit 4.3, Form 8-K filed May 31, 2022, File No. 000-55337); Twelfth 
Supplemental Indenture, dated as of March 1, 2023 (Exhibit 4.2. Form 8-K filed March 30, 2023, File 
No. 000-55337); Thirteenth Supplemental Indenture, dated as of March 1, 2023 (Exhibit 4.3. Form 8-K 
filed March 30, 2023, File No. 000-55337); Fourteenth Supplemental Indenture, dated as of August 1, 
2023 (Exhibit 4.2. Form 8-K filed August 10, 2023, File No. 000-55337); Fifteenth Supplemental 
Indenture, dated as of August 1, 2023 (Exhibit 4.3. Form 8-K filed August 10, 2023, File No. 000-55337); 
Sixteenth Supplemental Indenture, dated as of January 1, 2024 (Exhibit 4.2. Form 8-K filed January 8, 
2024, File No. 000-55337); Seventeenth Supplemental Indenture, dated as of January 1, 2024 
(Exhibit 4.3. Form 8-K filed January 8, 2024, File No. 000-55337); Eighteenth Supplemental Indenture, 
dated as of August 1, 2024 (Exhibit 4.2, Form 8-K filed August 12, 2024, File No. 000-55337); 
Nineteenth Supplemental Indenture, dated as of August 1, 2024 (Exhibit 4.3, Form 8-K filed August 12, 
2024, File No. 000-55337). 
X 
X 
4.5 
Indenture, Junior Subordinated Debentures, dated December 1, 1997, between Dominion Resources, Inc. 
and The Bank of New York Mellon (as successor trustee to JP Morgan Chase Bank (formerly The Chase 
Manhattan Bank)) as supplemented by a Form of Second Supplemental Indenture, dated January 1, 2001 
(Exhibit 4.6, Form 8-K filed January 12, 2001, File No. 1-8489). 
X 
 
172 

Exhibit 
Number 
Description 
Dominion 
Energy 
Virginia 
Power 
4.6 
Indenture, dated April 1, 1995, between Consolidated Natural Gas Company and The Bank of New York 
Mellon (as successor trustee to United States Trust Company of New York) (Exhibit (4), Certificate of 
Notification No. 1 filed April 19, 1995, File No. 70-8107); Securities Resolution No. 2 effective as of 
October 16, 1996 (Exhibit 2, Form 8-A filed October 18, 1996, File No. 1-3196 and relating to the 
6 7/8% Debentures Due October 15, 2026); Securities Resolution No. 4 effective as of December 9, 1997 
(Exhibit 2, Form 8-A filed December 12, 1997, File No. 1-3196 and relating to the 6.80% Debentures 
Due December 15, 2027). 
X 
 
4.7 
Form of Senior Indenture, dated June 1, 2000, between Dominion Resources, Inc. and The Bank of New 
York Mellon (as successor trustee to JP Morgan Chase Bank (formerly The Chase Manhattan Bank)), as 
Trustee (Exhibit 4(iii), Form S-3 Registration Statement filed December 21, 1999, File No. 333-93187); 
Form of Sixteenth Supplemental Indenture, dated December 1, 2002 (Exhibit 4.3, Form 8-K filed 
December 13, 2002, File No. 1-8489); Form of Twenty-First Supplemental Indenture, dated March 1, 
2003 (Exhibits 4.3, Form 8-K filed March 4, 2003, File No. 1-8489); Form of Twenty-Second 
Supplemental Indenture, dated July 1, 2003 (Exhibit 4.2, Form 8-K filed July 22, 2003, File No. 1-8489); 
Form of Twenty-Ninth Supplemental Indenture, dated June 1, 2005 (Exhibit 4.3, Form 8-K filed June 17, 
2005, File No. 1-8489); Form of Thirty-Sixth Supplemental Indentures, dated June 1, 2008 (Exhibit 4.3, 
Form 8-K filed June 16, 2008, File No. 1-8489); Forty-Third Supplemental Indenture, dated August 1, 
2011 (Exhibit 4.3, Form 8-K, filed August 5, 2011, File No. 1-8489); Forty-Seventh Supplemental 
Indenture, dated September 1, 2012 (Exhibit 4.5, Form 8-K, filed September 13, 2012, File No. 1-8489); 
Fifty-First Supplemental Indenture, dated November 1, 2014 (Exhibit 4.5, Form 8-K, filed November 25, 
2014, File No. 1-8489). 
X 
 
4.8 
Indenture, dated as of June 1, 2015, between Dominion Resources, Inc. and Deutsche Bank Trust 
Company Americas, as Trustee (Exhibit 4.1, Form 8-K filed June 15, 2015, File No. 1-8489); Second 
Supplemental Indenture, dated as of September 1, 2015 (Exhibit 4.2, Form 8-K filed September 24, 2015, 
File No. 1-8489); Sixth Supplemental Indenture, dated as of August 1, 2016 (Exhibit 4.4, Form 8-K filed 
August 9, 2016, File No. 1-8489); Eleventh Supplemental Indenture, dated as of March 1, 2017 
(Exhibit 4.3, Form 10-Q filed May 4, 2017, File No. 1-8489); Fifteenth Supplemental Indenture, dated 
June 1, 2018 (Exhibit 4.2, Form 8-K, filed June 5, 2018, File No. 1-8489); Sixteenth Supplemental 
Indenture, dated March 1, 2019 (Exhibit 4.2, Form 8-K filed March 13, 2019, File No. 1-8489); 
Seventeenth Supplemental Indenture, dated as of August 1, 2019 (Exhibit 4.2, Form 10-Q filed 
November 1, 2019, File No. 1-8489); Eighteenth Supplemental Indenture, dated as of March 1, 2020 
(Exhibit 4.2, Form 8-K, filed March 19, 2020, File No. 1-8489); Nineteenth Supplemental Indenture, 
dated as of March 1, 2020 (Exhibit 4.3, Form 8-K, filed March 19, 2020, File No. 1-8489); Twentieth 
Supplemental Indenture, dated as of April 1, 2020 (Exhibit 4.2, Form 8-K, filed April 3, 2020, File 
No. 1-8489); Twenty-First Supplemental Indenture, dated as of September 1, 2020 (Exhibit 4.2, Form 8-K, 
filed September 17, 2020, File No. 1-8489); Twenty-Second Supplemental Indenture, dated as of April 1, 
2021 (Exhibit 4.2, Form 8-K, filed April 5, 2021, File No. 1-8489); Twenty-Third Supplemental Indenture, 
dated as of April 1, 2021 (Exhibit 4.3, Form 8-K, filed April 5, 2021, File No. 1-8489); Twenty-Fourth 
Supplemental Indenture, dated as of August 1, 2021 (Exhibit 4.2, Form 8-K filed August 12, 2021, File 
No. 1-8489); Twenty-Fifth Supplemental Indenture, dated as of August 1, 2022 (Exhibit 4.2, Form 8-K 
filed August 19, 2022, File No. 1-8489); Twenty-Sixth Supplemental Indenture, dated as of August 1, 2022 
(Exhibit 4.3, Form 8-K filed August 19, 2022, File No. 1-8489); Twenty-Seventh Supplemental Indenture, 
dated as of November 1, 2022 (Exhibit 4.2, Form 8-K filed November 18, 2022, File No. 1-8489). 
X 
 
4.9 
Junior Subordinated Indenture II, dated June 1, 2006, between Dominion Resources, Inc. and The Bank 
of New York Mellon (successor to JPMorgan Chase Bank, N.A.), as Trustee (Exhibit 4.1, Form 10-Q for 
the quarter ended June 30, 2006 filed August 3, 2006, File No. 1-8489); Third Supplemental and 
Amending Indenture, dated as of June 1, 2009 (Exhibit 4.2, Form 8-K filed June 15, 2009, File 
No. 1-8489); Seventh Supplemental Indenture, dated as of September 1, 2014 (Exhibit 4.3, Form 8-K 
filed October 3, 2013, File No. 1-8489); Fifteenth Supplemental Indenture, dated June 27, 2019 
(Exhibit 4.6, Form 8-K filed June 27, 2019, File No. 1-8489); Sixteenth Supplemental Indenture, dated as 
of May 1, 2024 (Exhibit 4.3, Form 8-K filed May 20, 2024, File No. 1-8489); Seventeenth Supplemental 
Indenture, dated as of May 1, 2024 (Exhibit 4.4, Form 8-K filed May 20, 2024, File No. 1-8489); 
Eighteenth Supplemental Indenture, dated as of November 1, 2024 (Exhibit 4.3, Form 8-K filed 
November 18, 2024, File No. 1-8489). 
X 
 
173 

Exhibit 
Number 
Description 
Dominion 
Energy 
Virginia 
Power 
4.10 
Description of Dominion Energy, Inc.’s Common Stock (Filed herewith). 
X 
 
4.11 
Description of Virginia Electric and Power Company’s Common Stock (Exhibit 4.19, Form 10-K for the 
fiscal year ended December 31, 2019 filed February 28, 2020, File No.1-8489). 
 
X 
10.1 
$6,000,000,000 Fifth Amended and Restated Revolving Credit Agreement, dated June 9, 2021, among 
Dominion Energy, Inc., Virginia Electric and Power Company, Questar Gas Company, Dominion Energy 
South Carolina, Inc., JPMorgan Chase Bank, N.A., as Administrative Agent, Mizuho Bank, Ltd., Bank of 
America, N.A., The Bank of Nova Scotia and Wells Fargo Bank, N.A., as Syndication Agents, J.P. Morgan 
Securities LLC and Mizuho Bank, Ltd., as Co-Sustainability Structuring Agent, and other lenders named 
therein (Exhibit 10.1, Form 8-K filed June 10, 2021, File No. 1-8489); as amended by the First 
Amendment, dated September 28, 2022, to the Fifth Amended and Restated Revolving Credit Agreement 
(Exhibit 10.1, Form 8-K filed September 30, 2022, File No. 1-8489 and File No. 000-55337) and the 
Second Amendment, dated May 30, 2024, to the Fifth Amended and Restated Revolving Credit 
Agreement (Exhibit 10.1, Form 8-K filed June 3, 2024, File No. 1-8489 and File No. 000-55337). 
X 
X 
10.2 
$900,000,000 Sustainability Revolving Credit Agreement, dated as of June 9, 2021, among Dominion 
Energy, Inc., Sumitomo Mitsui Banking Corporation, as Administrative Agent and Sustainability 
Coordinator, Sumitomo Mitsui Banking Corporation, The Bank of Nova Scotia and The Toronto- 
Dominion Bank, New York Branch, as Joint Lead Arrangers and Joint Bookrunners, and the other lenders 
named therein (Exhibit 10.2, Form 8-K filed June 10, 2021, File No. 1-8489); as amended by the First 
Amendment, dated October 12, 2022, to the Sustainability Revolving Credit Agreement (Exhibit 10.1, 
Form 8-K filed October 14, 2022, File No. 1-8489) and the Second Amendment, dated June 7, 2024, to 
the Sustainability Revolving Credit Agreement (Exhibit 10.1, Form 8-K filed June 7, 2024 (File 
No. 1-8489). 
X 
 
10.3 
DRS Services Agreement, dated January 1, 2003, between Dominion Resources, Inc. and Dominion 
Resources Services, Inc. (Exhibit 10.1, Form 10-K for the fiscal year ended December 31, 2011 filed 
February 28, 2012, File No. 1-8489). 
X 
 
10.4 
DES Services Agreement, dated January 1, 2024, between Dominion Energy Services, Inc. and Virginia 
Electric and Power Company (Exhibit 10.4, Form 10-K for the fiscal year ended December 31, 2023 filed 
February 23, 2024, File No.1-8489). 
 
X 
10.5 
Agreement between PJM Interconnection, L.L.C. and Virginia Electric and Power Company 
(Exhibit 10.1, Form 8-K filed April 26, 2005, File No. 1-2255 and File No. 1-8489). 
X 
X 
10.6 
Form of Settlement Agreement in the form of a proposed Consent Decree among the United States of 
America, on behalf of the United States Environmental Protection Agency, the State of New York, the 
State of New Jersey, the State of Connecticut, the Commonwealth of Virginia and the State of West 
Virginia and Virginia Electric and Power Company (Exhibit 10, Form 10-Q for the quarter ended 
March 31, 2003 filed May 9, 2003, File No. 1-8489 and File No. 1-2255). 
X 
X 
10.7 
Limited Liability Company Agreement of OSW Project LLC, dated as of October 22, 2024 (Exhibit 10.1, 
Form 8-K filed October 25, 2024, File No. 1-8489 and File No. 000-55337). 
X 
X 
10.8* 
Form of Employment Continuity Agreement for certain officers of Dominion Resources, Inc., amended 
and restated July 15, 2003 (Exhibit 10.1, Form 10-Q for the quarter ended June 30, 2003 filed August 11, 
2003, File No. 1-8489), as amended, March 31, 2006 (Exhibit 10.1, Form 8-K filed April 4, 2006, File 
No. 1-8489). 
X 
 
10.9* 
Form of Employment Continuity Agreement for certain officers of Dominion Resources, Inc. dated 
January 24, 2013 (effective for certain officers elected subsequent to February 1, 2013) (Exhibit 10.9, 
Form 10-K for the fiscal year ended December 31, 2013 filed February 28, 2014, File No. 1-8489 and File 
No. 1-2255). 
X 
 
10.10* 
Dominion Resources, Inc. Executives’ Deferred Compensation Plan, amended and restated effective 
December 31, 2004 (Exhibit 10.7, Form 8-K filed December 23, 2004, File No. 1-8489). 
X 
 
174 

Exhibit 
Number 
Description 
Dominion 
Energy 
Virginia 
Power 
10.11* 
Dominion Resources, Inc. New Executive Supplemental Retirement Plan, as amended and restated 
effective July 1, 2013 (Exhibit 10.2, Form 10-Q for the quarter ended June 30, 2013 filed August 6, 2013 
File No. 1-8489), as amended September 26, 2014 (Exhibit 10.3, Form 10-Q for the fiscal quarter ended 
September 30, 2014 filed November 3, 2014), as amended effective October 1, 2019 (Exhibit 10.1, 
Form 8-K filed October 2, 2019, File No. 1-8489), as amended December 11, 2020 (Exhibit 10.9, 
Form 10-K for the fiscal year ended December 31, 2020 filed February 25, 2021, File No.1-8489), as 
amended June 21, 2024 (Exhibit 10.4, Form 10-Q for the fiscal quarter ended June 30, 2024 filed 
August 1, 2024, File No. 1-8489). 
X 
 
10.12* 
Dominion Resources, Inc. New Retirement Benefit Restoration Plan, as amended and restated effective 
January 1, 2009 (Exhibit 10.17, Form 10-K for the fiscal year ended December 31, 2008 filed 
February 26, 2009, File No. 1-8489, as amended September 26, 2014 (Exhibit 10.4, Form 10-Q for the 
fiscal quarter ended September 30, 2014 filed November 3, 2014), File No. 1-8489), as amended June 21, 
2024 (Exhibit 10.5, Form 10-Q for the fiscal quarter ended June 30, 2024 filed August 1, 2024, File 
No. 1-8489). 
X 
 
10.13* 
Dominion Resources, Inc. Non-Employee Directors’ Compensation Plan, effective January 1, 2005, as 
amended and restated effective December 15, 2021 (Exhibit 10.13, Form 10-K for the fiscal year ended 
December 31, 2021 filed February 24, 2022, File No. 1-8489). 
X 
 
10.14* 
Dominion Resources, Inc. Executive Stock Purchase Tool Kit, effective September 1, 2001, amended and 
restated May 7, 2014 (Exhibit 10.4, Form 10-Q for the fiscal quarter ended June 30, 2014 filed July 30, 
2014, File No. 1-8489), as amended and restated May 7, 2024 (Exhibit 10.6, Form 10-Q for the fiscal 
quarter ended June 30, 2024 filed August 1, 2024, File No. 1-8489). 
X 
 
10.15* 
Form of Advancement of Expenses for certain directors and officers of Dominion Energy, Inc., approved 
by the Dominion Energy, Inc. Board of Directors on October 24, 2008 (Exhibit 10.2, Form 10-Q for the 
quarter ended September 30, 2008 filed October 30, 2008, File No. 1-8489). 
X 
 
10.16* 
Dominion Resources, Inc. 2014 Incentive Compensation Plan, effective May 7, 2014 (Exhibit 10.1, 
Form 8-K filed May 7, 2014, File No. 1-8489). 
X 
 
10.17* 
Dominion Energy, Inc. Deferred Compensation Plan, effective July 1, 2021 (Exhibit 10.18, Form 10-K for 
the fiscal year ended December 31, 2020, filed February 25, 2021, File No. 1-8489), as amended 
September 23, 2021 (Exhibit 10.1, Form 10-Q filed November 5, 2021, File No. 1-8489), as amended 
May 10, 2023 (Exhibit 10.1, Form 10-Q filed August 4, 2023, File No. 1-8489). 
X 
 
10.18* 
Restricted Stock Agreement for Steven D. Ridge (Exhibit 10.24, Form 10-K for the fiscal year ended 
December 31, 2022 filed February 21, 2023, File No. 1-8489). 
X 
 
10.19* 
Form of 2023 Performance Grant Plan under the 2023 Long-Term Incentive Program approved 
January 26, 2023, as amended February 9, 2023 (Exhibit 10.25, Form 10-K for the fiscal year ended 
December 31, 2022 filed February 21, 2023, File No. 1-8489), as amended December 13, 2023 
(Exhibit 10.21, Form 10-K for the fiscal year ended December 31, 2023 filed February 23, 2024, File 
No.1-8489). 
X 
 
10.20* 
Form of 2023 Goal-Based Stock Award Agreement under the 2023 Long-Term Incentive Program 
approved January 26, 2023 (Exhibit 10.26, Form 10-K for the fiscal year ended December 31, 2022 filed 
February 21, 2023, File No. 1-8489), as amended December 13, 2023 (Exhibit 10.22, Form 10-K for the 
fiscal year ended December 31, 2023 filed February 23, 2024, File No. 1-8489). 
X 
 
10.21* 
Form of Restricted Stock Agreement under the 2023 Long-Term Incentive Program approved January 26, 
2023 (Exhibit 10.27, Form 10-K for the fiscal year ended December 31, 2022 filed February 21, 2023, File 
No. 1-8489). 
X 
 
10.22* 
2023 Goal-Based Stock Award Agreement for Robert M. Blue under the 2023 Long-Term Incentive 
Program approved February 9, 2023 (Exhibit 10.28, Form 10-K for the fiscal year ended December 31, 
2022 filed February 21, 2023, File No. 1-8489). 
X 
 
10.23* 
Form of 2024 Performance Grant Agreement under the 2024 Long-Term Incentive Program approved 
January 25, 2024 (Exhibit 10.25, Form 10-K for the fiscal year ended December 31, 2023 filed 
February 23, 2024, File No. 1-8489). 
X 
 
10.24* 
Form of 2024 Performance Share Award Agreement under the 2024 Long-Term Incentive Program 
approved January 25, 2024 (Exhibit 10.26, Form 10-K for the fiscal year ended December 31, 2023 filed 
February 23, 2024, File No. 1-8489). 
X 
 
175 

EXhibit 
Number 
Description 
Dominion 
Energy 
Virginia 
Power 
10.25* 
Form of Restricted Stock Agreement under the 2024 Long-Term Incentive Program approved January 25, 
2024 (Exhibit 10.27, Form 10-K for the fiscal year ended December 31, 2023 filed February 23, 2024, File 
No. 1-8489). 
X 
 
10.26* 
2024 Performance Share Award Agreement for Robert M. Blue under the 2024 Long-Term Incentive 
Program approved January 25, 2024 (Exhibit 10.28, Form 10-K for the fiscal year ended December 31, 
2023 filed February 23, 2024, File No. 1-8489). 
X 
 
10.27* 
2024 Performance Grant Agreement for Robert M. Blue under the 2024 Long-Term Incentive Program 
approved January 25, 2024 (Exhibit 10.29, Form 10-K for the fiscal year ended December 31, 2023 filed 
February 23, 2024, File No. 1-8489). 
X 
 
10.28* 
Dominion Energy, Inc. 2024 Incentive Compensation Plan, effective May 7, 2024 (Exhibit 10.1, 
Form 8-K filed May 8, 2024, File No. 1-2255). 
X 
 
10.29* 
Form of 2025 Performance Grant Agreement under the 2025 Long-Term Incentive Program approved 
January 23, 2025 (filed herewith). 
X 
 
10.30* 
Form of 2025 Performance Share Award Agreement under the 2025 Long-Term Incentive Program 
approved January 23, 2025 (filed herewith). 
X 
 
10.31* 
Form of 2025 Restricted Stock Agreement under the 2025 Long-Term Incentive Program approved 
January 23, 2025 (filed herewith). 
X 
 
10.32* 
2025 Performance Share Award Agreement for Robert M. Blue under the 2025 Long-Term Incentive 
Program approved January 23, 2025 (filed herewith). 
X 
 
10.33* 
2025 Performance Grant Agreement for Robert M. Blue under the 2025 Long-Term Incentive Program 
approved January 23, 2025 (filed herewith). 
X 
 
10.34* 
Form of 2025 Key Contributor Restricted Stock Recognition Award (filed herewith). 
X 
 
10.35* 
Form of 2025 Key Contributor Cash Recognition Award (filed herewith). 
X 
 
18 
Deloitte & Touche LLP letter, dated February 27, 2025, related to Dominion Energy, Inc.’s financial 
information (filed herewith). 
X 
 
19 
Securities Trading Policy (filed herewith). 
X 
 
21 
Subsidiaries of Dominion Energy, Inc. (filed herewith). 
X 
 
23 
Consent of Deloitte & Touche LLP, Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm for Dominion 
Energy, Inc. and Virginia Electric and Power Company (filed herewith). 
X 
X 
31.a 
Certification by Chief Executive Officer of Dominion Energy, Inc. pursuant to Section 302 of the 
Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 (filed herewith). 
X 
 
31.b 
Certification by Chief Financial Officer of Dominion Energy, Inc. pursuant to Section 302 of the 
Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 (filed herewith). 
X 
 
31.c 
Certification by Chief Executive Officer of Virginia Electric and Power Company pursuant to Section 302 
of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 (filed herewith). 
 
X 
31.d 
Certification by Chief Financial Officer of Virginia Electric and Power Company pursuant to Section 302 
of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 (filed herewith). 
 
X 
32.a 
Certification to the Securities and Exchange Commission by Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial 
Officer of Dominion Energy, Inc. as required by Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 (furnished 
herewith). 
X 
 
32.b 
Certification to the Securities and Exchange Commission by Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial 
Officer of Virginia Electric and Power Company as required by Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 
2002 (furnished herewith). 
 
X 
97 
Dominion Energy, Inc. Policy for Recovery of Previously Awarded Compensation effective October 2, 
2023 (Exhibit 97, Form 10-K for the fiscal year ended December 31, 2023 filed February 23, 2024, File 
No. 1-8489). 
X 
 
176 

EXhibit 
Number 
Description 
Dominion 
Energy 
Virginia 
Power 
101 
The following financial statements from Dominion Energy, Inc.’s Annual Report on Form 10-K for the 
year ended December 31, 2024, filed on February 27, 2025, formatted in iXBRL (Inline eXtensible 
Business Reporting Language): (i) Consolidated Statements of Income, (ii) Consolidated Statements of 
Comprehensive Income (iii) Consolidated Balance Sheets, (iv) Consolidated Statements of Equity, 
(v) Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows, and (vi) the Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements. The 
following financial statements from Virginia Electric and Power Company’s Annual Report on Form 10-K 
for the year ended December 31, 2024, filed on February 27, 2025, formatted in iXBRL (Inline eXtensible 
Business Reporting Language): (i) Consolidated Statements of Income, (ii) Consolidated Statements of 
Comprehensive Income, (iii) Consolidated Balance Sheets, (iv) Consolidated Statements of Equity 
(v) Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows, and (vi) the Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements. 
X 
X 
104 
Cover Page Interactive Data File formatted in iXBRL (Inline eXtensible Business Reporting Language) and 
contained in Exhibit 101. 
X 
X 
* Indicates management contract or compensatory plan or arrangement. 
Item 16. Form 10-K Summary 
None. 
177 

Signatures 
Dominion Energy 
Pursuant to the requirements of Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, the registrant has duly caused this report to be 
signed on its behalf by the undersigned, thereunto duly authorized. 
 
DOMINION ENERGY, INC. 
 
By: 
/s/ Robert M. Blue 
(Robert M. Blue, President and 
Chief Executive Officer) 
Date: February 27, 2025 
Pursuant to the requirements of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, this report has been signed below by the following persons on behalf 
of the registrant and in the capacities indicated on the 27th day of February, 2025. 
Signature 
Title 
/s/ Robert M. Blue 
Robert M. Blue 
Chair of the Board of Directors, President and Chief Executive 
Officer 
/s/ James A. Bennett 
James A. Bennett 
Director 
/s/ Paul M. Dabbar 
Paul M. Dabbar 
Director 
/s/ D. Maybank Hagood 
D. Maybank Hagood 
Director 
/s/ Mark J. Kington 
Mark J. Kington 
Director 
/s/ Kristin G. Lovejoy 
Kristin G. Lovejoy 
Director 
/s/ Joseph M. Rigby 
Joseph M. Rigby 
Director 
/s/ Pamela J. Royal 
Pamela J. Royal 
Director 
/s/ Robert H. Spilman, Jr. 
Robert H. Spilman, Jr. 
Director 
/s/ Susan N. Story 
Susan N. Story 
Director 
/s/ Vanessa Allen Sutherland 
Vanessa Allen Sutherland 
Director 
/s/ Steven D. Ridge 
Steven D. Ridge 
Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer 
/s/ Michele L. Cardiff 
Michele L. Cardiff 
Senior Vice President, Controller and Chief Accounting Officer 
178 

Virginia Power 
Pursuant to the requirements of Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, the registrant has duly caused this report to be 
signed on its behalf by the undersigned, thereunto duly authorized. 
 
VIRGINIA ELECTRIC AND POWER COMPANY 
 
By: 
/s/ Robert M. Blue 
(Robert M. Blue, 
Chief Executive Officer) 
Date: February 27, 2025 
Pursuant to the requirements of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, this report has been signed below by the following persons on behalf 
of the registrant and in the capacities indicated on the 27th day of February, 2025. 
Signature 
Title 
/s/ Edward H. Baine 
Edward H. Baine 
Director 
/s/ Robert M. Blue 
Robert M. Blue 
Director and Chief Executive Officer 
/s/ Carlos M. Brown 
Carlos M. Brown 
Director 
/s/ Steven D. Ridge 
Steven D. Ridge 
Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer 
/s/ Michele L. Cardiff 
Michele L. Cardiff 
Senior Vice President, Controller and Chief Accounting Officer 
179 

Financial Performance
The table and graph below show the five-year cumulative total 
returns based on an initial investment of $100.00 in Dominion 
Energy common stock with all dividends reinvested compared with 
the S&P 500 Index and the S&P 500 Utilities Index.
Indexed Returns 
Value of Investment as of Dec. 31 (includes reinvestment of dividends)
2019
2020
2021
2022
2023
2024
Dominion 
Energy
$ 100.00
$ 94.65
$ 102.34
$
82.77
$ 66.93
$
80.61
S&P 500
$ 100.00
$ 118.40
$ 152.39
$ 124.79
$ 157.59
$ 197.02
S&P 500 
Utilities
$ 100.00
$ 100.48
$ 118.24
$ 120.09
$ 111.59
$ 137.73
Comparison of Cumulative 
Five-Year Total Return 
2019–2024
2019 
2020 
2021 
2022 
2023 
2024
50
100
150
200
250
$80.61
$137.73
$197.02
  Dominion Energy
  S&P 500   
  S&P Utilities   
Source: Standard & Poor’s
Shareholder Information
Broadridge Corporate Issuer Solutions, Inc. 
(Broadridge) is the transfer agent, registrar, and 
dividend-paying agent for Dominion Energy’s 
common stock and is the administrator for 
Dominion Energy Direct®, Dominion Energy’s 
direct stock purchase and dividend reinvestment 
plan. Please contact Broadridge for a prospectus 
and enrollment form. 
Personal assistance is available for any inquiries 
Monday through Friday from 8:00 a.m. to 6:00 
p.m. (ET). In addition, automated information is 
available 24 hours a day through our voice-
response system. Registered shareholders may 
view and manage their accounts online by 
visiting shareholder.broadridge.com/D. 
Dominion Energy Shareholder Services 
c/o Broadridge Corporate Issuer Solutions, Inc.
P.O. Box 1342 
Brentwood, New York 11717
(800) 552-4034 (toll-free)
shareholder@broadridge.com
Major press releases and other company 
information may be obtained by visiting our 
website at www.DominionEnergy.com.
Credits
©2025 Dominion Energy, Inc., 
Richmond, Virginia
Photography
Paul Olkowski, front cover; and page 7, upper 
right. Dominion Energy, Inc., inside front cover, 
right and left; page 2, lower right; page 3, page 
4, upper right, lower left; page 5 upper left and 
lower right; page 6; page 7, upper left; lower left 
and lower right. Cameron Davidson, inside 
front cover, center image. Caroline Martin, 
page 1. Jay Kerns on behalf of Dominion 
Energy, page 2, left.
Design
Ideas On Purpose, 
New York, New York
ideasonpurpose.com
Printing
Donnelley Financial Solutions, 
Lancaster, Pennsylvania
dfinsolutions.com

DominionEnergy.com
Corporate Street Address
Dominion Energy, Inc. 
600 East Canal Street
Richmond, Virginia 23219
Mailing Address
Dominion Energy, Inc. 
P.O. Box 26532
Richmond, Virginia
23261-6532
Independent Registered 
Public Accounting Firm
Deloitte & Touche LLP
Richmond, Virginia
Additional Information
Copies of Dominion Energy’s 
Annual Report and Form 10-K, 
Proxy Statement, and other financial 
publications are available without 
charge. These items may be viewed 
by visiting www.DominionEnergy.com, 
or requests for these items may 
be made by writing to:
Corporate Secretary
Dominion Energy, Inc.
P.O. Box 26532
Richmond, Virginia
23261-6532

