 
 Human Rights 
GSK Public Policy Position 
Feb 2025 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Our position on  
Human Rights 
 

 
 
 
 
 
Human Rights 
                                                    GSK Public Policy Position                                                                         Feb 2025                 
 
 
 
What is the issue? 
Companies, through their policies and practices, make various commitments to uphold human rights that 
are universal and inalienable. These rights are interrelated, as stated in the Universal Declaration of 
Human Rights. This includes the rights to health, non-discrimination, humane treatment and data 
privacy. We have a responsibility to promote and uphold human rights through our engagements with 
patients, our employees, our suppliers, the communities in which we live and operate, and our 
environment.  
What is GSK’s view?  
We believe governments are responsible for defining and enforcing a legal human rights framework that 
accords with international laws and agreements, such as the Universal Declaration of Human Rights. 
However, as a multinational organisation with global reach, we recognise that we have a role to play in 
upholding human rights and in addressing adverse human rights impacts where we can intervene.   
 
We support the UN Guiding Principles on Business and Human Rights. We are committed to upholding 
the Universal Declaration of Human Rights and the core labour standards set out by the International 
Labour Organisation. GSK is also a signatory to the UN Global Compact and supports the transparency 
requirements of the UK’s Modern Slavery Act and similar legislation.   
 
We are committed to promoting human rights through a partnership approach, working with others who 
have the mandate, competence and capacity to facilitate change. However, where GSK has direct 
responsibilities, we are guided by our own high standards to use our influence appropriately.  
 
As an employer we are: 
• 
committed to providing a fair salary and good conditions of employment  
• 
committed to providing a healthy, safe and secure workplace for all employees and contractors 
• 
committed to exercising high standards of integrity in dealing with and protecting the Personally 
Identifiable Information (PII) of employees  
• 
opposed to discrimination at work and committed to promoting diversity  
• 
committed to promoting the personal development and dignity of every individual employee 
• 
respectful of the right of employees to join an independent trade union, the right to collectively 
bargain, and of freedom of association  
• 
opposed to all forms of slavery and exploitative child labour and will work with appropriate 
partners to address this problem responsibly wherever we encounter it.  
 
As a purchaser of raw materials, manufactured goods and services around the world, we strive to 
conduct business with third-party suppliers, business partners and collaborators who share our 
commitment to high ethical standards and operate in a responsible and ethical manner towards their 
workers – both directly and indirectly employed – and their own suppliers. See Appendix 1 for the labour 
rights clause in our standard contract and Appendix 2 for an explanation of labour rights standards.  
 

 
 
 
 
 
Human Rights 
                                                    GSK Public Policy Position                                                                         Feb 2025                 
 
 
 
We believe that the rights, dignity and safety of people using our products, both during and after the 
product’s development, are paramount. We monitor rigorously the safety of our products to protect 
patients' wellbeing, and that of people involved in the R&D and manufacturing of products. We are 
committed to ensuring that the human rights of people taking part in our clinical research are protected, 
including through the informed consent process and procedures to protect patient privacy.  We are 
committed to patient-centred promotional practices which are ethical, responsible and principled.  
 
As a marketer of healthcare products, we strive to make them as widely available as possible, while 
running our business in a sustainable way. Our contribution to improving healthcare in developing 
countries through providing vaccines and medicines at affordable prices, investing in stronger healthcare 
systems and developing an appropriate product range is vital in supporting this principle. So too is our 
undertaking to continue to supply medicines in all countries where they are requested, sharing the 
judgement of the UN that people should not be denied access to medicines because of the regime 
operating in the country. It may, however, be necessary to cease to trade in countries when required to 
by law or where it becomes impossible to act in accordance with our own code of conduct. 
 
As a global corporate citizen, we play our part in promoting the development of science, education and 
the community generally. We respect the law and behave with honesty and integrity in all aspects of 
public life and demonstrate responsible leadership. As a member of local communities, we respect and 
promote the rights of all those within our sphere of influence in those communities.  
 
Find out more on Responsibility by visiting gsk.com.   
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 

 
 
 
 
 
Human Rights 
                                                    GSK Public Policy Position                                                                         Feb 2025                 
 
 
 
Appendix 1 
 
Labour rights clause in GSK standard contract 
 
We seek to include in our contracts with suppliers, business partners and collaborators a labour rights 
clause (below) which is based on the UN’s Universal Declaration of Human Rights and the International 
Labour Organisation's conventions. We may amend the exact wording of the clause during negotiations 
with third-parties, based on our assessment of the risk of non-compliance or during translation to suit 
local law.  
 
The GSK standard contract clause for labour rights 
 
Counterparty represents and warrants, to the best of its knowledge, that in connection with the 
Agreement it: (i) respects the human rights of its staff and does not employ child labour, forced labour, 
unsafe working conditions, or cruel or abusive disciplinary practices in the workplace; (ii) does not 
discriminate against any workers on any ground (including race, religion, disability, gender, sexual 
orientation or gender identity); and (iii) pays each employee at least the minimum wage, provides each 
employee with all legally mandated benefits, and complies with the laws on working hours and 
employment rights in the countries in which it operates and will not use any employees to perform the 
Agreement who are employed under a zero hour contract. Counterparty will be respectful of its 
employees’ right to freedom of association and will encourage compliance with these standards by any 
supplier that it uses in performing its obligations under the Agreement. 
 
 

 
 
 
 
 
Human Rights 
                                                    GSK Public Policy Position                                                                         Feb 2025                 
 
 
 
Appendix 2 
 
Understanding Labour Rights 
 
Here we provide more detail on the labour rights that must be respected to promote decent working 
conditions. These standards represent a minimum and do not preclude third parties from adopting higher 
standards.  
 
No use of child labour  
 
Third parties must not employ workers who are younger than the country’s legal minimum age for 
employment or the age established for completing compulsory education. Children under the age of age 
of 15 must not be employed in any circumstances. Robust age verification checks should be in place to 
ensure this expectation is met.  
 
Young workers (those under 18 years of age but above the legal working age) are still growing and 
developing. They are less experienced and more vulnerable than adult workers to being exploited, 
injured or made ill from their job. For this reason, young workers must be afforded extra protection and 
must not be employed in hazardous work – that which could jeopardise their physical, mental or moral 
well-being. This includes (but is not limited to) working at night; working overtime; or being exposed to 
chemicals, pesticides, machines or tools, dust or excessive cold, heat or noise. Workers under the age 
of 18 must be subject to an appropriate risk assessment and regular monitoring of their health and 
working conditions.  
 
References: ILO Minimum Age Convention C138, ILO Worst Forms of Child Labour Convention C182 
 
No use of forced labour  
 
All work must be conducted on a voluntary basis, not under threat of any kind. Prison, indentured, 
bonded or otherwise involuntary labour is prohibited. Workers must not be required to lodge original 
identification papers or monetary deposits on starting work. Workers must be able to leave their 
employer after reasonable notice, the period of which should be agreed upon engagement, and should 
receive all owed salary.  
 
References: ILO Forced Labour Convention C29, ILO Abolition of Forced Labour Convention C105 
 
A safe and healthy workplace is provided 
 
All workers must be provided with clean and safe conditions in all work and residential facilities. Workers 
should have access to clean toilet facilities, potable water, and if applicable, hygienic food storage. 
Adequate steps to prevent accidents and injury arising out of, associated with, or occurring during work, 
must be taken by minimising the causes of occupational hazards. In the event of an occupational 
accident or incident, emergency healthcare is provided to workers.  
 
Health and safety information and training should be provided to workers so they are able to understand 
the hazards, risks and control measures associated with their job. At least one senior management 

 
 
 
 
 
Human Rights 
                                                    GSK Public Policy Position                                                                         Feb 2025                 
 
 
 
representative should be assigned responsibility for health and safety and a risk-based management 
system should be implemented with clearly defined accountabilities for maintaining it. 
 
References: ILO Occupational Safety and Health Convention C155  
 
No discrimination is practiced 
 
All workers must be treated with respect and dignity. The employment relationship must be based on the 
principle of equal opportunity and fair treatment. This means that workers must not be discriminated 
against based on race, colour, religion, ethnicity, disability, gender, sexual orientation, gender identity, 
political affiliation, union membership or marital and/or pregnancy status in any hiring or employment 
practices. 
 
References: ILO Equal Remuneration Convention C100, ILO Discrimination (employment and 
occupation) Convention C111 
 
No cruel or abusive treatment  
 
Third parties must provide a workplace free of harsh and inhumane treatment, including any corporal 
punishment; mental, physical, sexual or verbal abuse; and no threat of any such treatment or other forms 
of intimidation. 
 
Written disciplinary procedures should be established and explained to workers in terms that are clear 
and understandable to them. Disciplinary and/or performance management actions should be recorded 
and explained to workers. Workers must have the right to trade union or other appropriate representation 
at a disciplinary action, which may lead to significant disciplinary penalties or dismissal.  
 
References: ILO Forced Labour Convention C29, ILO Abolition of Forced Labour Convention C105 
 
Fair wages and benefits 
 
All third parties must pay at least the statutory minimum wage, or a fair representation of the prevailing 
industry wage, and provide all legally mandated benefits and paid leave. Wages should always be 
enough to meet basic needs and to provide some discretionary income.  
 
A transparent process must be established to ensure that workers are compensated in a timely manner 
and fully understand the wages that they receive.  
 
References: ILO Minimum Wage Fixing Convention C131, ILO Protection of Wages Convention 
C95Hours of Work Conventions C001 & C030 
 
Working hours are not excessive 
 
Third parties must ensure that working hours comply with national laws and collective agreements. 
Standard weekly working hours, excluding overtime, must be defined by contract and not exceed 48 
hours per week and eight hours a day, to ensure a safe and healthy working environment and adequate 

 
 
 
 
 
Human Rights 
                                                    GSK Public Policy Position                                                                         Feb 2025                 
 
 
 
rest time between shifts. The total hours worked, including overtime, in any week must not regularly 
exceed 60 hours in a single week with a minimum of one day rest per week. 
 
Working hours may only exceed 60 hours in a single week if any of the following conditions are met: this 
is allowed by national law; this is allowed by a collective agreement freely negotiated with a workers’ 
organisation representing a significant portion of the workforce; appropriate safeguards are taken to 
protect the workers’ health and safety; or the employer can demonstrate that exceptional circumstances 
apply such as unexpected production peaks, accidents or emergencies. 
 
All overtime undertaken over and above the standard working day/week, as agreed upon engagement, 
must be voluntary. Workers should receive clear communication about whether overtime is required and 
the wages to be paid for such overtime. Any overtime undertaken by workers should be compensated at 
a rate no less than one and one-quarter times the regular rate.  
 
References: ILO Hours of Work Conventions C001 & C030, ILO Weekly Rest Conventions C106 & C014 
 
Freedom of association  
 
All workers must be free to establish and join groups for the promotion and defence of their interests. 
Workers’ representatives must be free to carry out their representative functions in the workplace. 
 
References: ILO Freedom of Association and Protection of the Right to Organise Convention C087, ILO 
Right to Organise and Collective Bargaining Convention C098 
 
Grievance mechanism  
 
Third parties must provide a grievance mechanism for workers to raise occupational concerns. This 
mechanism should be accessible, understandable and transparent to workers. Issues raised should be 
dealt with promptly by an appropriate level of management and feedback should be provided to those 
concerned, without any reprisal. This mechanism must also provide workers with the option of flagging 
concerns anonymously. Employees of third parties may also report concerns via GSK’s ‘Speak up’ 
Integrity Lines (worldwide numbers and information are available online at www.gsk.com/integrity).  
 
References: UN Guiding Principles on Business and Human Rights No.29 & No.31 
 
 

