1	
GSK Responsible Business Performance Report 2024
March 2025
Responsible Business 
Performance Report 2024

2	
GSK Responsible Business Performance Report 2024
March 2025
Our purpose is to unite science, technology and talent to get ahead of 
disease together. We aim to positively impact the health of 2.5 billion 
people by the end of 2030, as a successful, growing company with strong 
momentum, where outstanding people can thrive.
In this report:
CEO’s statement	
3
Our approach	
4
Our culture and people	
9
Progress in 2024 – Our six focus areas	
Access 	
11
Global health and health security 	
16
Environment 	
19
Inclusion and diversity 	
27
Ethical standards 	
29
Product governance	
34
Appendix	
People disclosures	
37
GRI and SASB index 	
39
Independent Limited Assurance Reports	
47
Cautionary statement
This document may contain forward-looking statements. Forward-looking 
statements give the Group’s current expectations or forecasts of future events. 
An investor can identify these statements by the fact that they do not relate 
strictly to historical or current facts. They use words such as 'anticipate', 
'believe', 'estimate', 'expect', intend', 'plan', 'project', 'target', 'will' and other 
words and terms of similar meaning in connection with any discussion of future 
operating or financial performance. In particular, these include statements 
relating to future actions, prospective products or product approvals, future 
performance or results of current and anticipated products, sales efforts, 
expenses, the outcome of contingencies such as legal proceedings, dividend 
payments and financial results. Other than in accordance with its legal or 
regulatory obligations (including under the Market Abuse Regulations, UK 
Listing Rules and the Disclosure Guidance and Transparency Rules of the 
Financial Conduct Authority), the Group undertakes no obligation to update 
any forward-looking statements, whether as a result of new information, 
future events or otherwise. Investors should, however, consult any additional 
disclosures that the Group may make in any documents which it publishes 
and/or files with the US Securities and Exchange Commission. All investors, 
wherever located, should take note of these disclosures. Accordingly, no 
assurance can be given that any particular expectation will be met and 
investors are cautioned not to place undue reliance on the forward-looking 
statements. Forward-looking statements are subject to assumptions, inherent 
risks and uncertainties, many of which relate to factors that are beyond the 
Group’s control or precise estimate. The Group cautions investors that a 
number of important factors, including those in this report, could cause actual 
results to differ materially from those expressed or implied in any forward- 
looking statement. 
External benchmarking (as at February 2025)
Investors frequently ask us about our performance in key 
ratings including:  
	
– Access to Medicines: Second in the Access to Medicines 
Index 2024 among 20 of the world's largest pharmaceutical 
companies  
	
– S&P Global Corporate Sustainability Assessment: 78 and 
included in the DJSI World and Europe indices
	
– FTSE4Good: Member of FTSE4Good Index since 2004 
	
– CDP: A in Climate change, A in Water security, B in Forests  
	
– Sustainalytics: Low risk rating 
	
– MSCI: AA rating 
	
– Moody’s Analytics: ESG Overall Score of 62 (out of 100, 
sector average 38) 
	
– ISS Corporate Rating: B+ rating
We are committed to getting ahead of issues that matter for society 
and for the long-term performance of our company. Building trust 
by operating responsibly is integral to our strategy and our culture. 
This approach helps us deliver long-term growth, build trust with our 
stakeholders and reduce risk to our operations, supports our people 
to thrive and delivers health impact at scale.  
In this report
This report summarises performance in 2024 across our six 
Responsible Business focus areas.
We report in line with the requirements of the Sustainability 
Accounting Standards Board (SASB) and the Global Reporting 
Initiative (GRI). We submit an annual UN Global Compact 
Communication on Progress (UNGC CoP).
We also report against the Task Force on Climate-related 
Financial Disclosures (TCFD) and the Taskforce on Nature-related 
Financial Disclosures (TNFD) on pages 67-76 and 76-79, 
respectively, of our Annual Report.
In future, how we report will change, as we align with the 
requirements of the EU Corporate Sustainability Reporting 
Directive (CSRD). We will report in line with the CSRD from our 
2025 financial year, publishing in 2026.
Our public positions on a range of issues, such as pricing and 
access, clinical trial conduct, nature and environmental protection, 
human rights and supply chain management, can be found on the 
public policy page of gsk.com. We also publish more information 
on gsk.com, including:
Materiality assessment
Sustainable Development Goals
Engagement with patient organisations
Engagement with healthcare professionals
Trade association memberships
Charitable partnerships

3	
GSK Responsible Business Performance Report 2024
March 2025
Getting ahead of disease together
GSK is strongly committed to operating responsibly. This is core to 
who we are as a company and to delivering our ambition for 
patients and long-term business success.
Our purpose is to unite science, technology, and talent to get 
ahead of disease together. As a global biopharma company, we 
focus on science of the immune system and use of advanced 
technologies to drive innovation – preventing and treating the 
most challenging diseases. We invest in four core therapeutic 
areas – Respiratory, Immunology & Inflammation; Oncology; HIV; 
and Infectious Diseases – to significantly impact health at scale.
Being a responsible business is an integral part of our strategy 
and our culture, and we focus on issues that matter most to our 
business performance, our stakeholders and society.
We’ve prioritised six areas of responsible business: access; global 
health and health security; environment; inclusion and diversity; 
ethical standards and product governance. This approach 
provides focus and helps us to deliver long-term growth, reduce 
risk, attract talented people,  and deliver impact on health at 
scale. Going forward, we will make changes in several areas 
related to inclusion and diversity to ensure continued compliance 
with the law and being respectful of our operating environment, 
including no longer setting aspirational targets for our leadership 
and supplier programmes.
This report sets out the progress we are making and our 
Responsible Business Performance Rating, which was introduced 
in 2022 as one of our corporate key performance indicators and 
which we evolve each year. 
Our 2024 Responsible Business Performance Rating was 'on track' 
for the third consecutive year, demonstrating sustained 
momentum to building trust alongside a strong track record of 
performance delivery. 
2024 performance highlights
	
– We set a bold ambition, in 2021, to positively impact the health 
of 2.5 billion people over ten years. Based on estimates, we’ve 
already reached at least 2 billion people. We share more about 
this on page 11. 
	
– Ranked second in the latest global Access to Medicine Index, 
where we have been placed first or second since its inception in 
2008. 
	
– ViiV Healthcare celebrated ten years of partnership with the 
Medicines Patent Pool, supplying over 1 billion packs of generic 
dolutegravir-based medicines over that time. 
	
– Progressed development of six Global Health pipeline assets to 
address priority WHO diseases; and are currently progressing 
more than 30 projects in R&D relevant to tackling anti-
microbial resistance (AMR). 
	
– Pledged £45 million and our expertise to the Fleming Initiative, 
a new global network to find, test and scale solutions to AMR 
through combining scientific, technology, clinical policy and 
public engagement. 
	
– Committed €4.5 million to the Global Antibiotic Research and 
Development partnership to support sustainable access to 
antibiotics in lower-income countries.
	
– 88% of phase III trials completing enrolment met our thresholds 
for participants to represent the disease epidemiology under 
study – well ahead of our 50% target for 2024.
	
– Started phase III trials of a low-carbon version of our respiratory 
inhaler Ventolin – its next-generation propellant has the 
potential to reduce emissions from the inhaler by ~90%. 
Looking forward
This progress, and more, detailed in this report brings a huge 
sense of pride at GSK. We are making significant progress towards 
our long-term goals; equally we know there is still much work to be 
done. 
We also know that being responsive to the environment in which 
we operate and to the changing expectations of our key 
stakeholders, is critical to building trust and operating responsibly. 
With that in mind, we continue to review and evolve the actions 
we are taking in all of our six priority areas.
Looking forward, we remain committed and confident in our 
ability to effect change, to operate responsibly, and to deliver 
strong business performance, bringing positive scale health 
impact for the benefit of patients, shareholders, and our people.
Emma Walmsley
Chief Executive Officer
CEO’s statement

4	
GSK Responsible Business Performance Report 2024
March 2025
Our purpose is to unite science, technology and talent to get 
ahead of disease together and positively impact the health of 
billions of people. 
Being a responsible business is an integral part of our strategy 
and culture, supporting our business performance and long-term 
growth. It helps us build trust with our stakeholders, reduce risk, 
help people to thrive and to deliver health impact at scale. 
To deliver on our purpose, we need to consider our impacts, risks 
and opportunities across everything we do – in our business and 
value chain. Six focus areas help us to address what is most 
material to our business and most important to our stakeholders. 
They are:
	
– Access to healthcare
	
– Global health and health security
	
– Environment
	
– Inclusion and diversity
	
– Ethical standards
	
– Product governance
Being responsive to the environment in which we operate and the 
changing expectations of our key stakeholders is critical to 
building trust. With that in mind, we continue to review and evolve 
the actions we are taking in all of our six areas. 
Specifically for inclusion and diversity, we are presently working 
to understand and evaluate the impact of the legal environment. 
We are progressing this work and reviewing activities, with the 
following principles in mind:
	
– Firstly, as ever, we will always comply with the law and be 
respectful of the environment in which we operate. 
	
– Secondly, we remain fully committed to equal employment 
opportunity, non-discrimination, and merit-based decision-
making in the way we recruit, manage and develop our people.
	
– And thirdly, we continue to believe that an inclusive culture, 
with different perspectives and experiences, helps drive superior 
business performance and deliver better health outcomes for 
patients. 
We periodically undertake materiality assessments to assess 
key issues (see our 2022 assessment on gsk.com). In 2024, we 
undertook a double materiality assessment in preparation 
for reporting against the Corporate Sustainability Reporting 
Directive to inform our reporting for the financial year 2025, 
to be published in 2026. 
  gsk.com: Our materiality assessment 
Our contribution to the UN SDGs 
The 17 SDGs set out a vision for ending poverty, hunger and 
inequality, and protecting the planet’s natural resources, by 2030. 
Our six focus areas are where we can most effectively contribute 
to meeting the SDGs. As a global biopharma company, we can 
make the most significant contribution to SDG3: Good Health 
and Wellbeing. We publish our contribution to the SDGs on our 
website.
  gsk.com: Our contribution to the SDGs
Stakeholder engagement 
Our approach to being a responsible business is guided by 
continuous engagement with our stakeholders. Our key 
stakeholders include our patients, customers, shareholders and 
employees. This engagement includes formal materiality 
assessments, which we undertake every two to three years. How 
we engage with our stakeholders is covered throughout this 
report. This includes engagement with our people (see page 9), 
our partnerships with NGOs, our membership of cross-industry 
collaborations, and with regulators and policymakers.
We also discuss our engagement with stakeholders in our Annual 
Report, which includes how our Board considers stakeholders in 
decision-making. (See our section 172 statement on page 128)
For more information on our approach to stakeholder 
engagement, see our policies and publications on gsk.com.
  gsk.com: Materiality • Engaging with patient organisations • 
Engaging with healthcare professionals • Investors 
Governance 
The GSK Leadership Team and senior management are 
responsible for delivery against our six focus areas. They report 
regularly to our Board-level Corporate Responsibility Committee 
(CRC) on progress. (See page 137 of our Annual Report).
The CRC is responsible for oversight of our approach to 
responsible business and performance against our Trust priority. 
The Committee oversees our progress against our six focus areas, 
how our commitments reflect the most important issues for 
responsible business growth, and how we’re meeting the 
expectations of our stakeholders. It collaborates with other Board 
committees, including the Remuneration Committee and the 
Audit & Risk Committee, as needed, reflecting how delivery is 
integrated across the business.
Our approach
We are committed to getting ahead of issues that matter for the long-term 
performance of our company and for society. Being a responsible business 
is an integral part of our strategy and culture.
Our approach    Our culture    Access    Global health    Environment    Inclusion & diversity    Ethical standards    Product governance    Appendix

5	
GSK Responsible Business Performance Report 2024
March 2025
Our Responsible Business Performance Rating
Our Responsible Business Performance Rating measures the 
progress we are making on delivering against our Trust priority. 
The rating is one of our corporate KPIs and tracks progress 
against key metrics aligned to each of our six focus areas. 
We continue to evolve our Performance Rating to ensure it 
measures what matters most and meets the expectations of our 
stakeholders. We review our metrics each year, so that they are 
stretching and achievable and guide progress towards our 
long-term goals.  
In 2024, this included 22 metrics, which are summarised on pages 
6-8. This is the same number of metrics as 2023. The executive 
leadership team and the Board, via the CRC, review the metrics 
that make up this rating each year to ensure they are sufficiently 
challenging and ambitious.
We set our metrics at the beginning of each year as an effective 
way to measure performance within a defined period of time and 
a rapidly changing external context. For example, in 2024, the 
context for our Health Security metric changed. This metric 
measures the number of R&D projects in our pipeline that address 
pathogens prioritised by the World Health Organization (WHO) 
and Centers for Disease Control and Prevention (CDC) as posting 
the highest level of concern due to drug resistance. Because the 
WHO added Mycobacterium tuberculosis to its priority pathogen 
list, we would have outperformed against this metric. For 
consistency, we have decided to report our performance against 
the list available at the time the target was set. 
In this report, we set out progress made against inclusion and 
diversity (I&D) commitments previously set for 2024, and which 
are reflected in our overall Responsible Business performance 
rating for the year. In 2024, we measured progress towards our 
previously stated 2025 aspirations (set out on page 27). In 2024, 
we largely met1 the leadership aspirations. Going forward, we will 
make changes in several areas related to inclusion and diversity to 
ensure continued compliance with the law and being respectful of 
our operating environment, including no longer setting 
aspirational targets for our leadership and supplier programmes. 
How we assess performance 
The GLT is accountable for delivering progress against our 
Responsible Business Performance Rating and the metrics that 
contribute to this. It regularly reviews performance along with the 
CRC, embedding accountability within the business. Each 
individual metric is assessed as either: on track (the metric has 
been met or exceeded); on track with work to do (at least 80% of 
the metric has been achieved); or off track (metric has been 
missed by more than 20%).
To calculate the overall Performance Rating, we aggregate 
performance across all metrics into a single score. This score 
shows whether we are on track, on track with work to do, or off 
track. This rating is defined below:
On track: 70% or more of all metrics are on track
On track with work to do: more than 50% of all metrics are either 
on track, or on track with work to do
Off track: more than 50% of all metrics are off track
Responsible business aligned remuneration
With the support of the CRC, the Remuneration Committee has 
proposed a new remuneration approach for 2025 onwards. This 
further strengthens the link between our short and long-term 
incentive plans and our Responsible Business Performance 
Rating. For short-term bonus for Executive Directors and GLT, 
assessment of their performance on Strategic and Operational 
measures (30% of annual bonus opportunity) will include 
performance on the relevant metrics within the Responsible 
Business Performance Rating. For senior leaders, our long-term 
incentive scheme will include performance over time on our 
Responsible Business Performance Rating (7.5% of LTI 
opportunity). See pages 146-175 of our Annual Report for further 
information.
Our approach continued
1	 We have met our previously set overarching ethnicity and gender aspirations but not all individual components.
Our approach    Our culture    Access    Global health    Environment    Inclusion & diversity    Ethical standards    Product governance    Appendix

6	
GSK Responsible Business Performance Report 2024
March 2025
Our approach continued
1	 The 2024 information underlying the Responsible Business Performance Rating has been subject to limited assurance by Deloitte (as designated with an A in 
the data tables throughout this report). This assurance scope excludes the overall Performance Rating score and the targets that contribute to it. For the full 
scope of Deloitte’s assurance please see their limited assurance report. (See page 47.)
2	 This target was set based on the WHO Bacterial Priority Pathogens List (as at 31 January 2024), and the CDC Antibiotic Resistance Threats in the United 
States, 2019 report. 
3	 Scope 1 emissions cover emissions from the direct combustion of fuels on our sites to generate heat and electricity, emissions from our sales fleet vehicles, 
fugitive losses of propellant during the manufacturing of inhalers and losses from refrigerants used in GSK-owned ancillary equipment and emissions from 
onsite waste treatment. Scope 2 emissions include any purchased electricity, steam, compressed air and chilled water.
4	 Percentage of 2.2 MtCO2 offsetting volume in 2030 project pipeline; this residual emission (from 2020 baseline) is not in Deloitte's scope of assurance.
Our focus areas
Our six commitments
Our metrics for 2024
Our progress in 2024
Access
Make our products 
available at value-based 
prices that are 
sustainable for our 
business and implement 
access strategies that 
increase the use of our 
medicines and vaccines 
to treat and protect 
underserved people 
	
– Progress towards our 2030 goal of reaching 
1.3 billion people in lower-income countries 
with our products 
In 2024, we supplied 672 million doses of 
our products to lower-income countries 
Global health 
and health 
security
Develop novel products 
and technologies to treat 
and prevent priority 
diseases, including 
pandemic threats 
	
– Progress six Global Health pipeline assets to 
address priority WHO diseases
Progressed six Global Health pipeline 
assets to address priority WHO diseases, 
including malaria and tuberculosis (TB)
	
– Progress eight R&D projects that address 
pathogens prioritised by the WHO and CDC 
as posing the highest level of concern due to 
drug resistance (critical and/or urgent threats)
Progressed 12 active R&D projects that 
address pathogens considered critical 
and/or urgent threats due to drug 
resistance2 
Environment
Commit to a net zero, 
nature positive, healthier 
planet, with ambitious 
goals set for 2030 and 
2045
 
See Environment, p19 and 
Annual Report, TCFD, p67 for 
more information on our 
climate targets
Climate
	
– Operational emissions reduction 
(Scope 1 and 2 market-based emissions)3
Reduced our operational emissions by 
12% since 2023, a 36% reduction 
compared with our 2020 baseline
	
– Industrialisation of low-carbon Ventolin  
initiated, and clinical and non-clinical data 
available to support regulatory submissions; 
in 2024, to complete clinical studies to 
enable filing of low-carbon Ventolin 
We completed the 2024 planned clinical 
studies and we began phase III trials in 
2024 of a low-carbon version of our rescue 
metered dose inhaler (MDI) medication 
Ventolin which has the potential to reduce 
emissions of the inhaler by approximately 
90%. If successful, regulatory submissions 
will begin in 2025
	
– Percentage of carbon credit volume in 
project pipeline4
33% of carbon credit volume in project 
pipeline
Water
	
– Average of the percentage of GSK sites and 
suppliers compliant with wastewater active 
pharmaceutical ingredient limits and the 
percentage of sites and suppliers that are 
compliant with the AMR Industry Alliance 
Common Antibiotic Manufacturing Framework 
and discharge limits 
Average of >99% of all sites and key 
suppliers compliant with AMR Alliance 
and API Wastewater discharge limits
Waste
	
– Operational waste reduction at GSK sites
5% reduction of operational waste at 
our sites
2024 Responsible Business Performance Rating
Our 2024 Responsible Business Performance Rating is on track, based on 91% of all performance metrics being met or exceeded. 
Since we introduced the metric in 2022, we’ve maintained on-track performance against our performance rating each year. Where 
we have work to do, we have plans in place and monitor our progress.1
Our approach    Our culture    Access    Global health    Environment    Inclusion & diversity    Ethical standards    Product governance    Appendix

7	
GSK Responsible Business Performance Report 2024
March 2025
Our approach continued
Our focus areas
Our six commitments
Our metrics for 2024
Our progress in 2024
Environment
Biodiversity
	
– Percentage of paper packaging and palm 
oil certified
93% of our paper packaging was derived 
from certified sources or from recycled 
raw materials and 93% of our core palm 
oil materials were certified by third parties 
as being from sustainable sources
Inclusion and 
diversity
In this report, we set out 
progress made against I&D 
commitments previously set 
for 2024, and which are 
reflected in our overall 
Responsible Business 
performance rating for 
the year. 
In 2024 we measured 
progress towards our 
previously stated 2025 
aspirations (set out right 
and on page 27). In 2024, 
we largely met2 the 
leadership aspirations. 
Going forward, we will make 
changes in several areas 
related to inclusion and 
diversity to ensure 
continued compliance 
with the law and being 
respectful of our operating 
environment, including no 
longer setting aspirational 
targets for our leadership 
and supplier programmes.
Representative clinical studies 
	
– 50% of phase III trials completing enrolment 
in 2024 that have met our required 
threshold1 of trial participants, consistent 
with disease epidemiology1
88% of phase III trials completing 
enrolment in 2024 met our required 
threshold
Previous leadership aspirations through fair and equitable opportunities
	
– aspire to have women hold at least 45% 
of VP-and-above roles globally 
Women held 48% of VP-and-above roles 
globally
	
– aspire to have at least 30% ethnically 
diverse leaders in our roles at VP-and-
above in the US and increase the 
percentage of Black or African American, 
and Hispanic or Latino(a) VP-and-above 
leaders year on year
38.3% ethnically diverse leaders at 
VP-and-above
8.4% Black or African American leaders 
at VP-and-above 
5.9% Hispanic or Latino(a) leaders at 
VP-and-above
	
– aspire to have at least 18% ethnically 
diverse leaders in our roles at VP-and-
above in the UK and increase the 
percentage of Black VP-and-above leaders 
year on year
21.8% ethnically diverse leaders at 
VP-and-above in the UK 
3.1% Black leaders at VP-and-above
Previous supplier programme aspirational targets
	
– Improve year-on-year spend with US-based 
certified diverse-owned suppliers
Increased year-on-year spend with 
suppliers owned by people in under-
represented groups in the US
Ethical 
standards
Promote ethical 
behaviour across our 
business by supporting 
our employees to do 
the right thing and 
working with suppliers 
that share our 
standards and operate 
in a responsible way 
	
– 100% of employees and complementary 
workers that complete GSK’s 2024 mandatory 
training
100% of employees and 99% of 
complementary workers completed 
GSK's 2024 mandatory training
	
– Percentage of employees who believe they 
‘can and do Speak Up if things don’t feel 
right’ is above the general industry 
benchmark3
86% of employees believe they ‘can and 
do Speak Up if things don’t feel right'
	
– 80% of direct high-risk suppliers that 
achieve GSK’s minimum EcoVadis score or 
have an improvement plan in place
86% of direct high-risk suppliers achieved 
our minimum EcoVadis score or have an 
improvement plan in place
1	  Defined by meeting ≥70% of each demographic objective described in the plan based on disease epidemiology.  
2	  We have met our previously set overarching ethnicity and gender aspirations but not all individual components.
3	  The general industry benchmark is 67%, according to 2024 research by Korn Ferry.
Our approach    Our culture    Access    Global health    Environment    Inclusion & diversity    Ethical standards    Product governance    Appendix

8	
GSK Responsible Business Performance Report 2024
March 2025
Our approach continued
Our focus areas
Our six commitments
Our metrics for 2024
Our progress in 2024
Product 
governance
Commit to 
maintaining robust 
quality and safety 
processes, and using 
data and new 
technologies 
responsibly 
	
– Average number of critical and major 
findings per inspection by FDA/MHRA/
EMA regulators
An average of less than two findings per 
inspection. We respond to and learn from 
all inspection findings, taking the 
necessary actions to address them
	
– Percentage of inspections from all 
regulators with no critical findings or official 
action indicated
96% of inspections had no critical 
findings or official action indicated
	
– Number of FDA warning letters
Zero FDA warning letters
	
– Total number of Class I/II external product 
recalls across all markets
Two Class I and two Class II product 
recalls (non-FDA). In these instances, we 
engaged with regulators and acted 
quickly to prioritise patient safety
	
– Register and disclose all interventional clinical 
trials of GSK products. Specifically, register 
protocol summaries for studies initiated in 
2024; and disclose results summaries for 
studies with results due in 2024
Registered and disclosed all current year 
interventional clinical trial protocol 
summaries of GSK products
  gsk.com: Environmental Basis of Reporting; Social and Governance Basis of Reporting
Our approach    Our culture    Access    Global health    Environment    Inclusion & diversity    Ethical standards    Product governance    Appendix

9	
GSK Responsible Business Performance Report 2024
March 2025
Our culture
People and patients around the world count on the medicines 
and vaccines we make – so we’re committed to creating an 
environment where our people can thrive and focus on what 
matters most.
Our culture of being ambitious for patients, accountable for 
impact and doing the right thing is the foundation for how, 
together, we deliver for patients, shareholders and our people.
This means we support our people to focus, doing things better 
and faster. It means setting clear objectives, creating 
accountability for results and giving everyone the support and 
space they need to succeed. It also means doing everything 
responsibly with integrity and care.
Our culture is embedded in everything we do, from our 
recruitment and onboarding, training and development, to our 
assessments of performance and promotion. The Board regularly 
monitors and assesses how we've embedded our culture. 
Each year, everyone signs up to the Code – which sets out our 
culture as well as the commitments GSK and our people make so 
we can deliver on our ambition in the right way. And each year, we 
measure our progress in making this culture the way we work 
together every day.
  See The Code on gsk.com
Developing outstanding people
To develop and deliver transformative medicines and vaccines, 
we recruit and develop outstanding people and give them 
opportunities to build their skills and capabilities.
From the moment people join GSK, we deliver an engaging 
onboarding approach to accelerate the growth of our new joiners 
with support from their manager and team.
We expect all our people to have an agreed development plan 
and we invest in learning and development initiatives which 
everyone can access.
Technology remains key to our purpose and to delivering our 
ambitions. Building digital fluency and behaviours across the 
organisation is a priority, with a focus on AI, data & analytics, 
experimentation and fostering curiosity.
We have built our people's skills with training, as well as global 
events such as DataCon, where our people can learn how to 
apply digital, data and technology tools to become more digitally 
fluent. This year, more than 13,000 of our people took part.
Our managers play a crucial role in helping their teams to 
perform and thrive. We expect them to motivate, focus, care for 
and develop their teams and we deliver training anchored in 
these four areas. In 2024, approximately 700 senior directors 
attended our three-day in-person event called Leading Leaders 
across 24 global sessions. We also continue to invest in growing 
the next generation of senior leaders. In 2024 over 1,300 people 
attended our refreshed First Line Leader programme to support 
our foundational expectations of leadership at GSK.
To measure the effectiveness of our managers, their teams 
provide feedback through an annual One80 survey, and 
managers receive anonymised aggregate feedback. In 2024, 79% 
of our managers were rated as highly effective by their teams.
Recognising and rewarding people
Sharing our success and recognising and rewarding our people 
fairly, not just on the progress we have made but how we have 
made it, continues to be an important part of our culture. Our 
bonus scheme rewards performance across the company, and we 
also award 10% of our people each year with ‘Ahead Together’ 
awards for delivering exceptional performance and being 
ambitious for patients, accountable for their impact, and doing 
the right thing. We also identify 5% of people as having missed 
performance for not delivering on their objectives or living the 
culture.
Our culture and people 
Our approach    Our culture    Access    Global health    Environment    Inclusion & diversity    Ethical standards    Product governance    Appendix
Our purpose – to unite science, technology and talent to get ahead of 
disease together – puts our people at the heart of our success and we 
have defined a single culture for GSK globally.

10	 GSK Responsible Business Performance Report 2024
March 2025
Our culture and people continued
Helping people thrive
People thrive in different ways, but there are common themes that 
matter to everyone. We strive to be a place where people feel 
welcome and valued, in an environment (including our policies, 
workplaces and ways of working) that enables and supports them 
to deliver at their best. This includes our approach to hybrid 
working for those in office-based roles, which allows the right 
balance of onsite and remote working.
Health, wellbeing and volunteering
Preventing disease and keeping people well are at the heart of 
what we do. We provide a range of health and wellbeing benefits 
to support people to manage their physical, emotional, mental 
and financial wellbeing through different life stages in ways that 
work for them. These include:
	
– Thrive Global, a science-led digital platform which supports 
mental resilience and overall wellbeing with personalised, 
AI-driven micro steps towards individual goals. We have so far 
launched this in eight countries, reaching 56% of our people 
with positive uptake and engagement.
	
– Our global Partnership for Prevention programme, which 
provides our people and their families with access to preventive 
healthcare services in line with the recommendations of the 
World Health Organization (WHO).
	
– Our Global Employee Assistance Programme, which offers free, 
confidential help and support for our people and their families 
24/7.
	
– Financial wellbeing support for our people, which includes 
access to ‘Nudge’, a financial education platform in over 60 
countries, helping people manage their finances and achieve 
their financial goals.
To enable our managers to better care for their teams by 
identifying and responding to their people's challenges, 88% of 
managers have undertaken mental health training since the end 
of 2019.
We encourage our people to volunteer so we can make an even 
bigger impact on our communities. We match volunteering 
opportunities to our ambition, strategy and charitable investment 
themes: Health for people, Health for the planet, Innovators for 
the future. This year our people have donated over 47,000 hours 
of volunteering time.
How people experience GSK
We are committed to listening to our people. We regularly 
measure their experience of GSK as a place to work, including 
through an annual survey for all our people featuring questions on 
engagement, confidence, inclusivity, our culture focus areas and 
trust priorities. In 2024 we continued to see a high engagement 
score of 81% and increased confidence in the delivery of our 
strategy. We also continued to see high scores in our culture focus 
areas – ambitious for patients, accountability for impact and 
doing the right thing – as well as measures of inclusion, with 
improvements in many areas.
Our approach    Our culture    Access    Global health    Environment    Inclusion & diversity    Ethical standards    Product governance    Appendix

11	
GSK Responsible Business Performance Report 2024
March 2025
Our approach
We have an ambition to positively impact the health of 2.5 billion 
people by the end of the decade. We have made strong progress 
and estimate that, by the end of 2024, we had reached at least 
2 billion people. See below for more information on our approach.
We use science, technology and talent to develop more effective 
medicines and vaccines with speed, scale and precision. Growing 
populations, improvements in medical technology and access to 
healthcare are raising pressures on healthcare budgets in all 
markets. To grow sustainably, we must support access in different 
ways across a broad range of markets. Discovering and 
developing new medicines and vaccines takes significant time, 
risk and investment. These medicines and vaccines make a huge 
difference to patients and society, and generate the financial 
returns required to fund the next generation of products. 
Getting the balance right between responsible pricing and 
sustainable business is fundamental. To do this, we follow our 
pricing and access principles.
  gsk.com: Pricing and access principles 
There are specific challenges faced by people in lower-income 
countries, who continue to be disproportionately affected by 
infectious diseases where we have expertise. As well as through 
responsible pricing, we expand our reach through strategic 
access and partnerships to make our medicines and vaccines 
more widely available in these countries. We work with partners 
and local communities to identify how health systems could be 
strengthened or made more resilient and collaboratively find and 
implement solutions to help our products reach the people who 
need them. 
Measuring our progress on access and impact on health at scale
In 2021, we set the ambition to positively impact the health of 
2.5 billion people over ten years. This includes 1.2 billion people 
in high and upper-middle income countries and 1.3 billion in low 
and lower-middle income countries. 
We believe that we are on track to achieve our ambition. Our 
estimated patient reach figure from 2021 to the end of 20241 is 
at least 2 billion people, of which 1.5 billion are in low and lower-
middle income countries. 
Although we have exceeded our original estimate in low and 
lower-middle income countries, we don't expect progress 
towards our ambition to be linear. Reaching individuals becomes 
increasingly challenging the nearer we are to our goal as we don't 
recount those we've already reached, and those not yet reached 
may be harder to access. We are also working with our partners 
to help eradicate diseases like lymphatic filariasis so expect the 
number of patients reached by this programme to naturally decline. 
Estimating patient reach and measuring health impact is a 
complex and emerging area and we recognise the importance of 
transparency and industry collaboration to advance in this area.
To calculate our reach ambition, our methodology is derived from 
a product level analysis of actual sales and long-range forecasts 
by individual countries. This includes products sold or donated by 
GSK and ViiV Healthcare, phase III pipeline assets (at the time of 
developing the ambition), and voluntary licensing of patent 
protected ViiV medicines. We made assumptions for overlaps by 
assessing potential product use across age cohorts, region and 
population.
We will continue to evolve our approach to measuring progress 
and remain committed to achieving our ambition by discovering 
and delivering specialty medicines, vaccines and general 
medicines to positively impact health at scale. 
Access
Our aim is to positively impact the health of 2.5 billion people by the end of 
the decade by making our medicines and vaccines available as widely as 
possible. We will do this through responsible pricing, strategic access 
programmes and partnerships.
Our commitment
Make our products available at value-based prices that are 
sustainable for our business and implement access strategies 
that increase the use of our medicines and vaccines to treat and 
protect underserved people
Our Responsible Business Performance Rating 
metric 2024
	
– Progress towards our 2030 goal of reaching 1.3 billion people 
in lower-income countries with our products
11
countries where tafenoquine 
has been granted approval for 
radical cure of P.vivax malaria
23m
people living with HIV had access 
to a generic product containing 
dolutegravir in 2024
>2bn
estimated number of people 
reached with our products 
since 2021
1	 Excluding patient reach for donations of albendazole tablets in 2024 as the data is not yet available.
Our approach    Our culture    Access    Global health    Environment    Inclusion & diversity    Ethical standards    Product governance    Appendix

12	 GSK Responsible Business Performance Report 2024
March 2025
Evidence-based pricing that recognises benefits 
We set responsible prices in line with the benefits we bring to 
patients and health systems, measured by clinical, economic and 
social outcomes. We compare our offer to what is already 
available for patients and we generate evidence from clinical 
trials to establish the added value our medicines and vaccines 
provide. We adjust our pricing in line with the socio-economic 
status of a country to ensure affordability and availability. 
We work within existing payer systems and recognise the need to 
balance health budgets for the societies we serve. This includes 
using tiered pricing for vaccines that address public health 
priorities in low- and middle-income countries, based on the 
World Bank gross national income classification. We recognise 
health inequities in higher-income countries and fund dedicated 
activities to reach underserved populations. These include 
disease education and helping uninsured and underinsured 
patients to navigate health benefits, as well as access 
programmes to provide financial and disease management 
support. 
In the US, for example, we provided prescribed medicines 
and vaccines to approximately 74,000 low-income uninsured, 
underinsured and Medicare Part D patients last year, through 
GSK and ViiV Healthcare’s Patient Assistance Programs 
Foundation.
We aim to create stability and predictability for payers and our 
business while focusing on access to our medicines to improve 
patient outcomes, engaging proactively on upcoming product 
launches for budget planning, and adjusting prices to account 
for inflation. 
In the US in 2024, our combined average net price (after 
discounts, rebates or other allowances) for our pharmaceutical 
and vaccines portfolio increased by 5.2%, due to product mix and 
gross to net pricing favourability, while the average list price 
increased by 1.5%, compared with 2.3% (list) for the industry. Over 
the past five years, the average net price for our products 
increased 2.3% annually, while the average list price rose by 3.1%, 
compared with 4.2% (list) for the industry.
Access strategies focused on lower-income countries 
We are committed to systematically evaluate our pipeline to 
identify products that have potential global health impact. This 
process helps us identify which products will benefit people most 
in need in these countries and develop tailored access plans to 
reach them. In lower-income countries, we do not file patents for 
our medicines or enforce historic patents. In 2024, we supplied 
672 million doses of our products to lower-income countries.
Vaccines
We reserve our lowest vaccine prices for Gavi and similar 
organisations. These commitments enable us to deliver 
manufacturing efficiencies which help us to maintain lower prices 
for lower-income countries. We have partnered with Gavi since its 
foundation in 2000 and have supplied more than 1 billion vaccine 
doses since then. 
Through our partnership with Gavi, we delivered around 6 million 
doses of Cervarix, a critical vaccine in lower-income countries for 
addressing cervical cancer, in 2024. We also supplied around 45 
million doses of our pneumococcal vaccine, Synflorix, to seven 
Gavi-eligible countries at our lowest price. We also provide a 
vaccine against rotavirus, Rotarix, to children across 23 Gavi-
eligible countries and five former Gavi countries. In 2024, we 
supplied 43 million doses of Rotarix through Gavi. We have 
offered vaccines to civil society organisations serving refugees 
and working in other emergency situations through the 
Humanitarian Mechanism since 2017. 
We are a long-standing supplier of oral polio vaccines through 
UNICEF. In 2024, we supplied around 131 million doses as part of 
the effort to help eradicate the disease.
Malaria
Following the end of the WHO-coordinated Malaria Vaccine 
Implementation Programme, we continue to support the onward 
roll-out of RTS,S/AS01 in endemic countries. From 2019 to 2023, 
over two million children in Ghana, Kenya and Malawi received at 
least one dose of the vaccine, developed by GSK and our 
partners. WHO evaluations of the pilot showed high public health 
impact through lower mortality and hospitalisation rates.
We’re also rolling out doses of RTS,S/AS01 to nine African 
countries as part of our commitment to supply 18 million doses to 
Gavi-eligible countries between 2023 and 2025. In September 
2024, Niger became the ninth country to introduce the vaccine 
into its routine immunisation programme. We plan to produce 15 
million doses of RTS,S/AS01 annually from 2026 to 2028. To 
significantly increase supply of the vaccine in the medium term, 
we are transferring technology know-how to Bharat Biotech of 
India, which will be the sole supplier of the RTS, S/AS01E vaccine 
from 2029.
In 2024, Brazil and Thailand became the first malaria-endemic 
countries to introduce new single-dose radical cure medicines to 
prevent the relapse of Plasmodium vivax (P. vivax) malaria. 
Tafenoquine targets the liver stage of P. vivax malaria and, when 
used in combination with chloroquine for the blood-stage 
infection, is effective in preventing malaria relapses. Approvals for 
tafenoquine have been granted in 11 countries, including the US, 
and the drug is undergoing marketing authorisation evaluation in 
a number of other countries where P. vivax is endemic. In 
December, the 150mg tablet formulation of tafenoquine received 
WHO pre-qualification, which recognises products that meet 
global standards of quality, safety and efficacy, to support access 
at scale. We anticipate that up to ten more countries could 
introduce Tafenoquine in 2025-28. 
Access continued
Our approach    Our culture    Access    Global health    Environment    Inclusion & diversity    Ethical standards    Product governance    Appendix

13	 GSK Responsible Business Performance Report 2024
March 2025
Access continued
Lymphatic filariasis
We’ve worked with our partners since 1999 to tackle neglected 
tropical diseases (NTDs), including lymphatic filariasis (LF), a 
debilitating disease caused by a parasite transmitted to humans 
by mosquitoes, and to reduce morbidity from intestinal worms and 
echinococcosis. In 2024, we donated 442 million albendazole 
tablets to help end these NTDs. This brings the total we have 
donated to over 12 billion tablets. LF has now been eliminated in 
21 countries. This is significant progress in our collaborative effort 
to get ahead of disease together. The number of tablets we are 
donating is declining each year, given the gradual eradication of 
the NTDs that the medicine is targeting. The programme has 
benefited over 935 million people since it began, according to 
WHO data. We remain committed to supplying albendazole to 
endemic countries until LF is eliminated everywhere.
HIV
We work on HIV through ViiV Healthcare, which we majority own, 
with Pfizer and Shionogi as shareholders. ViiV Healthcare is the 
only company that is 100% focused on the treatment and 
prevention of HIV. ViiV Healthcare’s goal is to leave no person 
living with HIV behind. ViiV Healthcare works with global health 
agencies, non-governmental organisations, governments and 
community partners to support the introduction of cabotegravir 
long-acting for HIV pre-exposure prophylaxis (CAB LA for PrEP, 
marketed as Apretude) into national programmes. By the end of 
2024, CAB LA for PrEP had been supplied at a non-profit price in a 
total of 11 low- and middle-income countries. We’ve also 
committed to tripling our annual supply of CAB LA for PrEP for 
programmatic use, making at least 2 million doses available in 
2025-26 to meet growing demand where HIV burden and unmet 
need are greatest. In addition, ViiV has prioritised countries for 
registration of CAB LA for PrEP based on high HIV burden and 
PrEP readiness. Almost half of regulatory approvals for CAB LA for 
PrEP to date are in sub-Saharan Africa, with 79% in low- and 
middle-income countries.
We also support the development of generic versions of our HIV 
products through voluntary licences to help improve access by 
increasing manufacturing capacity and enabling lower prices in 
eligible countries. 
Following the signing of voluntary licences for CAB LA for PrEP 
with three generic manufacturers, via the Medicines Patent Pool 
(MPP), ViiV is engaged with these companies to provide technical 
support and know-how to expedite generic development and 
access. ViiV also has voluntary licensing agreements with 15 
generic manufacturers to produce and sell low-cost single or 
fixed-dose combination products containing our HIV medicine 
dolutegravir for adults, with one direct licence and the others via 
the MPP. There are similar agreements with 14 generic 
manufacturers for paediatric dolutegravir, as well as separate 
agreements to enable access to dolutegravir in certain upper 
middle-income countries.
Over the ten years of partnership between ViiV, the MPP and 
generic manufacturers, more than 1 billion packs of generic 
dolutegravir-based medicines have been supplied. By the end of 
2024, more than 23 million people across 129 countries had 
access to a product containing generic dolutegravir. This is at 
least 90% of people living with HIV on antiretrovirals in generic-
accessible low- and middle-income countries.
Generic paediatric formulations of dolutegravir are now available 
in more than 100 countries, increasing access to age-appropriate 
treatment options for children living with HIV where the burden of 
need is highest. This was accelerated by a public-private 
partnership between ViiV, the Clinton Health Access Initiative, 
Unitaid and generic manufacturers with sublicences from the 
MPP.
Strengthening healthcare systems 
Delivering global health impact at scale requires robust 
healthcare systems able to address systemic issues which reduce 
access to healthcare, vaccines and treatments and perpetuate 
health inequalities in lower-income countries. 
However, challenges facing people in lower-income countries are 
becoming more diverse and urgent. This is why we continue 
to expand our partnerships to ensure communities can access 
prevention support in resilient health systems, and our medicines 
and vaccines have impact, led locally based on the country’s 
need.
We continue to build on our long-standing partnerships with 
organisations such as Save the Children and Amref Health 
Africa to support healthcare systems in the prevention, 
diagnosis and treatment of diseases including malaria, TB, HIV 
and antimicrobial resistance (AMR). We’re establishing new 
programmes with partners such as mothers2mothers, who we 
have worked with since March 2024, to focus on enhancing 
access to TB, HIV and malaria information and health services 
for women in countries such as Uganda and Lesotho. 
Supporting remote and hard-to-reach communities is important. 
This is why we're working with Last Mile Health in Liberia to 
prepare for the rollout of new malaria vaccines. In 2024, we 
invested £12 million in health system strengthening partnership 
grants, humanitarian support and Africa Open Lab.
Through Positive Action, ViiV Healthcare's community grant-
giving programme, ViiV Healthcare continues to work directly with 
the communities most affected by HIV. In 2024, Positive Action 
invested more than £13 million, reaching approximately 666,000 
people and providing 174 grants across 32 countries.
GSK and ViiV Healthcare are also committed to supporting 
humanitarian crises where possible. Our approach helps us 
respond effectively to new and protracted crises, as well as 
aiming to proactively anticipate support that will be needed. 
Over 2024, we donated £2 million to aid agencies and charity 
organisations responding to climate and health shocks, and 
armed conflict in Africa and the Middle East and Ukraine. 
  gsk.com: Global health, Impact partnerships and GSK Impact 
Partnerships report 
Our approach    Our culture    Access    Global health    Environment    Inclusion & diversity    Ethical standards    Product governance    Appendix

14	 GSK Responsible Business Performance Report 2024
March 2025
2021
2022
2023
2024
US pricing
1-year change in list and net price3
Change in combined average net price for our pharmaceutical and vaccines portfolio in the US 
since the previous year
+5.5%
+1.4%
+0.4%
+5.2%
Change in average list price in the US since the previous year
+3.8%
+3.8%
+3.2%
+1.5%
5-year list and net price (compound annual growth rate)3
Change in net price (after discounts, rebates or other allowances) for our products in the US 
over the past five years
-2.0%
-1.1%
+0.3%
+2.3%
Change in average list price in the US over the past five years
+4.6%
+3.9%
+3.3%
+3.1%
Product reach (doses supplied to lower-income countries)
Doses of Synflorix vaccines supplied to Gavi (m)
39
40
41
45
 PR  A
Doses of Rotarix vaccines supplied to Gavi (m)
49
43
43
43
 PR  A
Doses of Cervarix vaccines supplied to Gavi (m)
0.4
0.2
5
6
 PR  A
Doses of OPV vaccines supplied to UNICEF (m)
80
95
130
131
 PR  A
Doses of Mosquirix (RTS,S/AS01) vaccines supplied (m)
1
1
6
5
 PR  A
Albendazole tablets donated to help eliminate lymphatic filariasis (m)
451
440
462
354
 PR  A
Albendazole tablets donated to help treat intestinal worms (m)
75
93
153
88
 PR  A
Total doses supplied (m)
695
712
840
672
 PR  A
Product reach (people reached in lower-income countries)
People with access to a generic dolutegravir product through voluntary licensing 
agreements ('000)4
–
20,927
24,058
23,156         A
Estimated children reached with Synflorix through Gavi ('000)
12,000
12,116
12,573
13,817
        A
Estimated children reached with Rotarix through Gavi ('000)
23,540
20,561
20,570
20,693         A
Estimated girls reached with Cervarix through Gavi ('000)
170
106
4,307
5,476
        A
Estimated people reached with OPV through UNICEF ('000)
16,010
18,975
26,032
26,220         A
Estimated people reached with Mosquirix (RTS,S/AS01) ('000)
310
326
1,383
1,272
        A
Total people reached ('000)
52,030
73,011
88,923
90,634         A
Community investment
Cash (£m)
83
79
80
90
        A
Product and in-kind (£m)1
159
209
198
244
        A
Time (£m)
0.2
0.6
3
2
        A
Management costs (£m)
17
19
23
27
        A
Total community investment (£m)
259
308
304
363
        A
Value of GSK medicines and vaccines provided through our US Patient Assistance Programs 
Foundation ($m)1,2
186
228
224
299
        A
Access continued
PR   Metric contributes to our Responsible Business Performance Rating.
A   Metric’s 2024 data has been independently assured.
1	 Product donations are valued at the global average cost of goods as reported in year-end results.
2	 This product donation is included within the total community investment figures reported.
3	 Calculated across GSK and ViiV Healthcare products.
4	 This figure is an estimate of patient reach based on annual sales volumes reported to the Medicines Patent Pool. It may therefore fluctuate year on year in 
line with global funding and procurement cycles as well as ongoing stock management at a country level. 
Our approach    Our culture    Access    Global health    Environment    Inclusion & diversity    Ethical standards    Product governance    Appendix

15	 GSK Responsible Business Performance Report 2024
March 2025
2021
2022
2023
2024
People reached through our healthcare access programmes
People accessing a healthcare service, worker or educational session through our work with 
Save the Children ('000)
438
91
103
104
People reached through ViiV Healthcare’s Positive Action for Children Fund grants ('000)
188
13
–
–
People reached through ViiV Healthcare’s Positive Action 2020-2030 Strategy grants ('000)1
274
421
603
667
People reached through our US Patient Assistance Programs ('000)
87
79
71
74
       A
PR   Metric contributes to our Responsible Business Performance Rating.
A   Metric’s 2024 data has been independently assured.
Access continued
1	  Reach data is collected from grantees every six months for the previous six months’ activity over an 18-month cycle. 2023 data has been revised.
Our approach    Our culture    Access    Global health    Environment    Inclusion & diversity    Ethical standards    Product governance    Appendix

16	 GSK Responsible Business Performance Report 2024
March 2025
Our approach
We have a unique and important role to play in improving 
health for patients around the world and helping the world 
prepare for future health security challenges. We are committed 
to developing novel products and technologies to treat and 
prevent priority diseases. We have the largest priority pipeline 
among 20 of the world’s largest pharmaceutical companies1, 
addressing high-burden diseases identified as priorities by 
external global health stakeholders, including the WHO. This 
supports our long-term growth by driving product innovation. 
For example, the platform technologies developed as part of 
our Global Health R&D have supported the development and 
commercialisation of other assets in our pipeline. Specifically, the 
AS01 adjuvant, which was the result of our malaria vaccine R&D, 
is now used in Shingrix and Arexvy. Our work in Global Health 
also helps us to attract and retain outstanding people who are 
motivated by the opportunity to help tackle some of the world’s 
biggest health challenges.  
Infectious diseases cause death and ill health for millions of 
people who are living with unmet health needs. This is especially 
true among the most vulnerable populations in low- and lower-
middle-income countries, where the majority of the disease 
burden continues to be from infectious diseases where we have 
expertise. This includes tuberculosis (TB), malaria, HIV and 
neglected tropical diseases. That’s why we’re committed to 
developing novel products and technologies to treat and prevent 
priority diseases in lower-income countries.  
Infectious diseases also pose a threat to health security globally. 
Addressing these threats, including antimicrobial resistance 
(AMR) and pandemics, helps to safeguard lives and livelihoods, 
as well as support our business model. 
AMR is an urgent threat to public health. We’re developing 
new antimicrobials and vaccines to treat and prevent infectious 
diseases. Our investment in innovation to respond to AMR has 
resulted in one of the largest relevant AMR R&D pipelines in 
the industry. 
Our ambition is contingent on our products reaching the people 
who need them (see Access page 11), and by helping the global 
community to better prepare for emerging health security threats 
and challenges, including through collaboration and partnership.
 
R&D for high-burden diseases in lower-income countries 
Global health and health security
We’re helping to address the biggest health challenges faced by people 
around the world.
Our commitment
To develop novel products and technologies to treat and 
prevent priority diseases, including pandemic threats
Our Responsible Business Performance Rating 
metrics 2024
	
– Progress six Global Health pipeline assets to address priority 
WHO diseases 
	
– Progress eight active R&D projects that address pathogens 
prioritised by WHO and CDC as posing the highest level of 
concern due to drug resistance (critical and/or urgent threats)
12
R&D projects targeting bacterial 
pathogens deemed ‘critical’ or 
‘urgent’ by the WHO and the CDC
>30
R&D projects relevant to 
antimicrobial resistance 
in our pipeline
6
Global Health pipeline assets 
to address priority WHO 
diseases progressed in 2024
We’re committed to changing the trajectory of high-burden 
diseases in lower-income countries with a focus on prevention and 
treatment of infectious diseases, including those with AMR 
potential.  
Among the biggest drivers of morbidity and mortality in lower- 
income countries are tuberculosis (TB), malaria, AMR, HIV and 
neglected tropical diseases. The impact of many of these diseases 
will be made worse by climate change and will disproportionately 
affect lower-income countries.
Our approach    Our culture    Access    Global health    Environment    Inclusion & diversity    Ethical standards    Product governance    Appendix
1	 2024 Access to Medicine Index.

17	 GSK Responsible Business Performance Report 2024
March 2025
Global health and health security continued
In 2022, we announced an investment of £1 billion over ten years to 
accelerate Global Health R&D (together with ViiV Healthcare). By 
the end of 2024, we had invested 33% of this and progressed six 
Global Health pipeline assets to address priority WHO diseases, 
including climate-aggravated diseases that are disproportionately 
affecting lower-income countries. The current Global Health R&D 
pipeline consists of more than 25 medicines and vaccines in 
development, of which more than one third are in clinical 
development. 
Partnerships exploring promising TB prevention 
and treatment projects
We’re committed to tackling TB, one of the world’s deadliest 
infectious diseases. We have developed a promising candidate 
vaccine, M72/AS01E, up to proof of concept (phase IIb). Building 
on our long-standing, successful history of working with external 
partners, we’ve partnered with the Bill & Melinda Gates Medical 
Research Institute (Gates MRI). Gates MRI has begun a phase III 
trial in seven countries (funded by the Gates Foundation and the 
Wellcome Trust), with the first doses given in South Africa in March 
2024. If proven effective, M72 could potentially become the first 
new TB vaccine that meets the WHO target product profile for 
over 100 years. 
We are also the lead industry partner in two large EU-funded 
Innovative Medicine Initiative projects, ERA4TB and Unite4TB, 
which together aim to progress numerous medicine assets from 
pre-clinical through to phase III-ready compounds.
Getting ahead of malaria through research 
and treatment
There were an estimated 249 million malaria cases and over 
600,000 deaths caused by malaria in 2022, the last year for which 
WHO data is available. Over 90% of those were in Africa, and 
more than three-quarters were of children under five. 
Together with our partners, we’ve brought two products for the 
prevention and treatment of malaria to market to date – the 
world’s first vaccine against malaria (see Access, page 11), and a 
single-dose, radical cure for P. vivax malaria, both of which are 
WHO pre-qualified. Preventing and treating malaria is particularly 
challenging due to growing resistance to existing drugs and 
insecticides and the role of climate change in enabling the spread 
of the disease. We continue to support the global elimination of 
the disease by improving prevention and treatment for children 
and vulnerable populations and strengthening research 
capabilities in Africa.
Building local research capacity and capability 
Through our Africa Open Lab initiative, we support early-career 
scientists based in sub-Saharan Africa, with a focus on infectious 
diseases that disproportionately affect sub-Saharan populations, 
including malaria, TB and AMR. In 2024, we agreed grants to ten 
researchers in five countries in sub-Saharan Africa. We also work 
with African academic institutions to provide grants for with 
supplemental training in areas including epidemiology, statistics 
and clinical research.
Strengthening health security 
A wide range of factors jeopardise health security – from new 
and emerging infectious diseases to the rise of AMR. Climate 
change and nature loss can also change disease patterns, 
causing diseases to be found in areas where they had previously 
been eliminated.  
Getting ahead of antimicrobial resistance 
with our innovation
The threat AMR poses to people, health systems and economies 
is becoming more urgent, but progress in developing new 
antibiotics has been slow.  
We’re confronting this threat to health security by developing 
new antimicrobials and vaccines to prevent and treat infectious 
diseases. Vaccines are an important tool for preventing resistance 
as they can help prevent infections as well as reducing 
transmission of bacteria that are already resistant (or becoming 
resistant) to current therapies. 
We are investing in innovation to get ahead of the growing 
number of infections where new antimicrobials and vaccines are 
urgently needed. We have more than 30 R&D projects across 
medicines and vaccines that are relevant to AMR, 12 of which 
target pathogens deemed ‘critical’ (by WHO) and/or ‘urgent’ (by 
Centers for Disease Control and Prevention), excluding TB, which 
was added by WHO earlier in 2024. We also have projects 
focused on preventing and treating TB as part of our commitment 
to tackling infectious diseases. (See above and in our Pipeline, 
Annual Report p31).
Gepotidacin is our investigational, first-in-class oral antibiotic, 
with a novel mechanism of action for the treatment of female 
adults and adolescents with uncomplicated urinary tract 
infections (uUTI). Following positive results from our phase III 
EAGLE-2 and EAGLE-3 trials, gepotidacin was accepted for 
priority review by the US Food and Drug Administration (FDA) in 
2024. In these studies, gepotidacin demonstrated non-inferiority 
to the current standard of care for uUTI in female adults (≥40 kg) 
and adolescents (≥12 years, ≥40 kg).
Gepotidacin is also in development for uncomplicated urogenital 
gonorrhoea in adolescents and adults. In 2024, we announced 
positive data from our phase III EAGLE-1 trial. Gepotidacin 
performed as well as intramuscular ceftriaxone plus oral 
azithromycin, a leading combination treatment for gonorrhoea. 
The results show gepotidacin has the potential to be a novel 
treatment option amid rising resistance to other treatments, and 
for patients who have allergies and intolerances to other 
treatments. 
Our approach    Our culture    Access    Global health    Environment    Inclusion & diversity    Ethical standards    Product governance    Appendix

18	 GSK Responsible Business Performance Report 2024
March 2025
Global health and health security continued
2021
2022
2023
2024
Global health pipeline assets for priority diseases
Number of assets progressed through the Global Health pipeline to address priority WHO diseases
5
12
11
6
 PR  A
Number of active R&D projects that address pathogens prioritised by the WHO and CDC as posing 
the highest level of concern due to drug resistance (critical and/or urgent threats)
–
–
12
121
 PR  A
PR   Metric contributes to our Responsible Business Performance Rating.
A   Metric’s 2024 data has been independently assured.
Through our partnership with Spero Therapeutics, Inc., we have 
an exclusive licence agreement for tebipenem HBr, a late-stage 
oral carbapenem antibiotic with the potential to treat 
complicated urinary tract infections (cUTIs). If approved, 
tebipenem HBr will address an unmet medical need for a novel 
oral antibiotic as an alternative to intravenous hospital therapy for 
drug-resistant cUTIs.
AMR is particularly prevalent in low-resource settings, deepening 
existing health inequities and risking the efficacy of current 
medicines to fight diseases. We continue to progress candidate 
vaccines against several enteric diseases which contribute to the 
burden of AMR in lower-income countries, including invasive 
non-typhoidal salmonella, klebsiella, shigella, typhoid and 
paratyphoid fever.
Ensuring sustainable, appropriate use and 
manufacture of antibiotics
Ensuring sustainable and appropriate access to infectious disease 
interventions is key to getting ahead of AMR. 
We continue to run several initiatives to support appropriate use 
of antibiotics. We provide education for healthcare professionals 
around the world about using and prescribing antibiotics 
appropriately, and the importance of surveillance studies. We’ve 
maintained our long-running multinational Survey of Antibiotic 
Resistance programme, through which we generate and 
disseminate data on the susceptibility of pathogens to antibiotics. 
We’re also running antibiotic surveillance studies to support 
antimicrobial assets in late-stage development. Since its launch in 
January 2023, GSK’s Infection Index, an online portal, has been 
providing healthcare professionals in India with real-world 
antibiotic susceptibility data and usage trends. This supports 
decision-making for appropriate antibiotic prescribing. 
Read more about our work to support the responsible 
manufacturing of antibiotics in Environment, page 22.   
Investing in innovation and partnership to find and 
scale solutions to AMR
In 2024, we announced a £45 million pledge to support the 
Fleming Initiative, a new global network combining scientific, 
technology, clinical, policy and public engagement expertise to 
develop new AMR interventions. The initiative will bring together 
our infectious disease expertise with Imperial College London and 
Imperial College Healthcare NHS Trust’s clinical and research 
capabilities and a global network of experts to find, test, and 
scale solutions to AMR. It’s particularly focused on supporting 
countries most severely affected by AMR, where poverty, climate 
change and health inequality exacerbate the issues caused by 
drug-resistant infections.
We’ve also committed €4.5 million to the Global Antibiotic 
Research & Development Partnership (GARDP) to support 
sustainable access to antibiotics in lower-income countries. 
GARDP focuses on developing and providing access to much-
needed antibiotics that are effective against WHO-priority 
pathogens, particularly in low- and middle-income countries. The 
funding will promote accessibility of safe, effective and affordable 
antibiotics that are suitable for diverse settings with high AMR 
burdens and limited resources.  
Partnering for pandemic preparedness
With outbreaks of Mpox, bird flu and the Marburg virus, health 
security remained high on the global agenda during 2024. To help 
prevent and respond to future health security emergencies, we’re 
working with governments and other stakeholders to strengthen 
global preparedness. This means drawing on what we have 
learned from COVID-19 and previous outbreaks, championing 
innovation and promoting sustainable approaches for the 
biopharmaceutical sector and public health. In April 2024, we 
initiated a combined phase I/II study of an investigational 
influenza A (H5N1) pre-pandemic vaccine candidate, evaluating 
safety, reactogenicity and immunogenicity in healthy younger 
and older adults. The vaccine candidate has been granted Fast 
Track designation by the FDA. This programme reflects our 
commitment to helping authorities with pandemic preparedness. 
We continue to monitor the potential threat of pandemic 
influenza, and other emerging infectious diseases with pandemic 
potential, and we engage in pandemic preparedness dialogue.
  gsk.com: Our position on Antimicrobial Resistance
 
 
1	 This target was set based on the WHO Bacterial Priority Pathogens List (as at 31 January 2024), and the CDC Antibiotic Resistance Threats in the United 
States, 2019 report. 
Our approach    Our culture    Access    Global health    Environment    Inclusion & diversity    Ethical standards    Product governance    Appendix

19	 GSK Responsible Business Performance Report 2024
March 2025
Environment
Climate change and nature loss threaten human health and pose risks to business 
resilience. To get ahead of disease and to help ensure long-term business success, 
we’re taking action on climate and nature.
Our commitment
Commit to a net zero, nature positive, healthier planet with 
ambitious goals set for 2030 and 2045
Our Responsible Business Performance Rating 
metrics 20241
Climate
	
– Operational emissions reduction (Scope 1 and 2 market-
based emissions) 
	
– Industrialisation of low-carbon Ventolin initiated, and clinical 
and non-clinical data available to support regulatory 
submissions 
	
– The 2024 component of this metric was to Complete 
Clinical Studies to enable filing of Low Carbon Ventolin
	
– Percentage of carbon credit volume in project pipeline
Freshwater
	
– Average of the percentage of GSK sites and suppliers 
compliant with wastewater active pharmaceutical ingredient 
(API) limits and the percentage of sites and suppliers that are 
compliant with the AMR Industry Alliance Common Antibiotic 
Manufacturing Framework and discharge limits 
Land
	
– Percentage of paper packaging and palm oil certified
Waste
	
– Operational waste reduction at our sites 
100%
our own sites remained within 
AMR Alliance and API 
Wastewater discharge limits
66%
of our sites are under 
biodiversity management 
plans
12%
reduction in operational 
carbon emissions (Scope 
1 and 2) in 2024 from 2023
Our approach
Climate change and nature loss are changing the spread and 
burden of disease and are an urgent threat to human health. This 
is increasing pressure on healthcare systems and 
disproportionately affecting the most vulnerable communities. 
That’s why we’ve set ambitious environmental goals for 2030 and 
2045 across our full value chain. Meeting them will help support 
our long-term performance by protecting our supply chains, 
helping us adapt ahead of anticipated changes in regulation, and 
meeting new demand for medicines and vaccines with a lower 
environmental impact.
We want to play our part in building healthcare systems that are 
better for people and the planet, helping national governments 
and health systems to meet their environmental targets. 
Through innovation to prevent and alter disease trajectories, we 
can alleviate the burden on healthcare systems, and reduce the 
associated carbon emissions, waste and water consumption. At the 
same time, by harnessing cutting-edge science and technology, we 
can minimise the climate and nature impacts of our products, from 
drug discovery to disposal. Collaboration across our entire value 
chain – with patients, suppliers, regulators and peers – is vital to 
achieving our goals.
 
Climate 
We have a clear pathway to a net zero impact on climate with 
ambitious targets for 2030 and 2045. These targets are approved 
by the Science Based Targets initiative (SBTi) Net Zero Standard.
Our value chain carbon footprint2 is made up of: 
	
– Scope 1 and 2 emissions from our own operations (7%) 
	
– Scope 3 emissions from our supply chain (37%)
	
– Scope 3 emissions from logistics (3%) 
	
– Scope 3 emissions from people using our products (53%), 
mostly metered-dose inhalers 
	
– Scope 3 emissions from the disposal of our products (<1%)
Long-term targets:3
	
– 80% absolute reduction in greenhouse gas emissions from a 
2020 baseline, across all scopes, and investment in nature-
based solutions for the remaining 20% of our footprint by 2030
	
– Net zero greenhouse gas emissions across our full value chain by 
2045: 90% absolute reduction in emissions from a 2020 
baseline, across all scopes, and all residual emissions neutralised
	
– 100% imported renewable electricity by 2025 and 100% 
renewable electricity (imported and generated) by 2030 
(Scope 2)
1	 These metrics are related to the Responsible Business Performance Rating 2024 outlined on pages 6-8. We also measure and report performance against 
our wider set of long-term environmental sustainability targets, which we publish on gsk.com. 
2	 Based on 2023 data. 
3	 The target boundary includes biogenic land-related emissions and removals from bioenergy feedstocks.
Our approach    Our culture    Access    Global health    Environment    Inclusion & diversity    Ethical standards    Product governance    Appendix

20	 GSK Responsible Business Performance Report 2024
March 2025
Environment continued
See pages 67-76 in our Annual Report for our disclosure on 
climate risk and resilience in line with the Task Force on Climate-
related Financial Disclosures (TCFD) framework. 
  gsk.com: Our pathway to a net zero impact on climate
Progress to date on carbon reduction pathway 
	
– In 2024, we reduced our Scope 1 and 2 carbon emissions by 12% 
compared with 2023, and by 36% compared with our 2020 
baseline. 
	
– Our overall Scope 3 emissions are 10% lower than our baseline 
year of 2020, falling by 0.14% in 2023 (our latest available data) 
compared with 2022.1 
Managing our operational footprint 
The reduction in our Scope 1 and 2 carbon emissions in 2024 was 
primarily driven by energy efficiency measures in our 
manufacturing processes, our ongoing transition to renewable 
energy and reducing propellant emissions during the 
manufacturing of inhalers.
As a member of the RE100 initiative, we committed to reaching 
100% of our imported electricity from renewable sources by 2025. 
In 2024, we reached 90% imported renewable electricity, 7 
percentage points higher than the 83% we used in 2023. We also 
have a longer-term target to have 100% of all electricity imported 
and from self-generated renewable sources by 2030, and in 2024 
we achieved 90%. 
In June, we signed a ten-year deal from 2025 to supply our 
manufacturing sites in Singapore with 100% renewable energy. 
These sites account for 9% of our total electricity demand. This 
will move the sites from 3% to 100% renewable electricity 
generated on-site and procured through renewable energy 
certificates from solar projects. 
We continue to increase the volume of renewable energy 
generated across our manufacturing sites to meet future energy 
needs. In June, we activated a 56-acre solar farm and two wind 
turbines at our site in Irvine, Scotland. This triples onsite renewable 
electricity generation, meaning that over 50% of the facility’s 
electricity needs are generated from onsite renewables. 
As a member of EV100, we’ve committed to transition 100% of our 
fleet to electric or hybrid vehicles and install chargers at 100 of our 
sites by 2030. Plug-in-hybrid or fully electric vehicles made up 12% 
of our sales fleet and 28% of our total fleet in 2024, an increase of 
12% for our total fleet since 2023. We have chargers at 31 major 
sites and have increased the number of charging points to 514 
from nearly 500 in 2023. 
Supply chain emissions
The goods and services we buy to make our medicines and 
vaccines account for approximately 31% of our total carbon 
emissions footprint. In 2023 (our latest available data), the 
emissions from our supply chain increased by 6%, primarily driven 
by an increase in purchased goods and services. As our supply 
chain initiatives mature and emissions data from suppliers 
improves, we expect to see the effects in reduced upstream 
Scope 3 emissions.    
As part of our Sustainable Procurement Programme, we engage 
with the top 30 carbon-emitting suppliers involved in the 
production of our medicines and vaccines. At the end of 2024, 
22 of these suppliers had shared their action plans with us to 
achieve carbon reductions by 2030, in line with our Scope 3 
targets. 
To continue to embed sustainability into procurement processes, 
we now include environmental questions in the supplier selection 
process, we've updated our sustainability contract schedules in 
line with external and internal requirements, and we've provided 
internal training to upskill our team. 
We’re also collaborating with our peers to address the shared 
challenge posed by supply chain emissions. We're a co-founder of 
the Energize programme, which supports collective purchases of 
renewable energy within the pharmaceutical and healthcare 
sectors. We are a member of the Sustainable Markets Initiative 
Digital Health working group, and 15 of our suppliers, including 10 
of our 30 highest carbon-emitting suppliers, participate in the 
Activate programme to help reduce emissions from the 
production of APIs.  
Emissions from the use of our products
The use of our medicines and vaccines makes up 53% of our total 
footprint. Most of this is from the propellant used in metered-dose 
inhalers for asthma and chronic obstructive pulmonary disease 
(COPD).
Millions of people with respiratory conditions worldwide use our 
rescue metered dose inhaler (MDI) medication, Ventolin 
(salbutamol). We completed the 2024 planned clinical studies 
and we began phase III trials in 2024 of a low-carbon version 
containing a next-generation propellant which has the potential 
to reduce emissions of the inhaler by approximately 90%. If 
successful, regulatory submissions will begin in 2025. This is in 
addition to dry powder inhaler alternatives which already exist, 
are propellant-free, and have a lower carbon footprint.
Investing in carbon credits
Target: We plan to secure carbon credits for the 20% emissions 
we estimate to have as residual in 2030, and for a maximum of 
10% residual emissions by 2045 (from a 2020 baseline). 
Progress to date: At the end of 2024, we had secured 33% of the 
carbon credit volume we need by 2030 in the project pipeline.
We’re investing in nature protection and restoration as part of our 
ambition towards a net zero, nature positive, healthier planet. We 
invest in nature across our value chain and are also prioritising 
long-term nature projects for carbon credits. We’re currently 
contributing to the protection and restoration of over 2 million 
hectares of land.
In 2024, we invested in a peat and mangrove protection and 
restoration project in Indonesia. 
1	 Our Scope 3 data is currently based on the latest available 2023 data. However, from 2025 we’re aiming to report in-year data across all Scopes.
Our approach    Our culture    Access    Global health    Environment    Inclusion & diversity    Ethical standards    Product governance    Appendix

21	 GSK Responsible Business Performance Report 2024
March 2025
Environment continued
Nature 
Nature loss is happening at a faster rate than at any time in 
human history.1 Human health relies on the fundamentals of 
nature, like clean air and fresh water, and nature loss has a range 
of negative impacts on health. Protecting nature helps make our 
business more resilient and helps to ensure the ongoing supply 
of raw materials needed to manufacture our medicines and 
vaccines.
We’re part of the first group of companies to be working with the 
Science Based Target Network (SBTN) in a pilot to set validated 
science-based targets for nature, starting with freshwater. 
You can read reporting in line with the Taskforce on Nature- 
related Financial Disclosures in the Annual Report on page 76.
We are closely following the evolving policy landscape on access 
and benefit sharing related to Digital Sequence Information (DSI) 
from genetic resources. See our latest position on Access and 
Benefit Sharing of Genetic Resources and Related Information 
on gsk.com.
  gsk.com: Our plan for contributing to a nature positive world 
Freshwater 
We use water across our operations and supply chain for the 
production of our medicines and vaccines. 
Target: Achieve good water stewardship at 100% of our sites 
by 2025
Progress to date: In 2024, 100% of our sites continued to achieve 
good water stewardship status, in line with the Alliance for Water 
Stewardship’s definition. 
Target: Reduce overall water use in our operations by 20% 
by 2030
Progress to date: We met our overall water reduction target 
across our network in 2022. In 2024, we reduced overall water use 
in our operations by an additional 5% compared with 2023. This is 
a decrease of 28% for overall water use from our 2020 baseline.
We’re improving water efficiency across our sites through sharing 
of best practice, updating processes to use less water, and 
upgrading utilities to reduce water consumption.
Target: Be water neutral in our own operations and at key 
suppliers in water-stressed regions by 2030
We used water risk data from the World Resources Institute (WRI) 
and the World Wildlife Fund (WWF) to understand which of our 
sites are located in water-stressed basins, and therefore face 
increasing water availability, quality and access risks. We define 
water neutrality at these sites using three criteria: achieving the 
Alliance for Water Stewardship Standard certification, reducing 
water use by 20% and by replenishing water quantity in the basin 
equivalent to the site’s 2030 footprint. Where possible, we address 
shared water challenges in the basin through collective action, 
including access to clean water, hygiene and sanitation (WASH) 
services. Our approach extends to key suppliers co-located in 
these water-stressed regions. 
Progress to date: We’ve identified five sites in three water-stressed 
basins where we have operations in India, Pakistan and Algeria. 
We have projects underway to achieve water neutrality in one of 
the water-stressed basins, the Godavari basin in India, where we 
have operations. We will be announcing further basin activity 
early in 2025.
As part of the SBTN pilot, we implemented the SBTN’s guidance 
to validate our approach to freshwater. In October, we announced 
our adoption of the first Science Based Targets for Freshwater 
focused on our direct operations in the Upper Godavari basin 
in India. 
1	 https://www.wwf.org.uk/our-reports/living-planet-report-2024.
Our approach    Our culture    Access    Global health    Environment    Inclusion & diversity    Ethical standards    Product governance    Appendix

22	 GSK Responsible Business Performance Report 2024
March 2025
Environment continued
We aim to achieve external certification to the Alliance for Water 
Stewardship Standards for our five sites in water-stressed areas by 
the end of 2025. In 2024, we reduced water use by 5% at sites in 
these water-stressed basins, which is a 16% reduction from our 
2020 baseline. 
Projects are underway at our Nashik site in the Godavari basin, 
India, with local NGO, Watershed Organisation Trust to deliver 
replenishment, and with the Women + Water Collaborative to 
address shared WASH challenges. To scale up collective action 
and engage suppliers in the basin, in 2024 we became the Water 
Resilience Coalition’s Basin Champion for the Godavari basin and 
convened the first Supplier and Partner Water Forum, which was 
attended by 55 suppliers, businesses and NGO partners active in 
the basin. 
Target: Achieve zero impact API levels1 for all sites and key 
suppliers by 2030
Progress to date: In 2024, >99% of all sites and key suppliers had 
API discharges below predicted no-effect concentration levels, 
as defined by the AMR Industry Alliance and API Wastewater 
Discharge limits, compared with 87% in 2023. This improvement 
has been driven by successful engagement with suppliers. 100% of 
our own sites remained within AMR Alliance and API Wastewater 
discharge limits. 
We continue to align with the latest standards, including a new 
certification developed by BSI and the AMR Industry Alliance to 
set out best practice in antibiotic manufacturing. In September, 
our Worthing site became the first in the UK to achieve BSI 
Kitemark Certification for Minimized Risk of Antimicrobial 
Resistance. Our aim is for all our global antibiotics manufacturing 
sites to be certified to this new independently assessed BSI 
Kitemark by the end of 2026. 
Land 
Land degradation and conversion can have a range of negative 
health impacts. Our primary dependency on land is through the 
natural materials we source, some of which derive from 
agricultural commodities, a key driver of deforestation and land 
use change. We’ve identified six priority sites in Belgium, France, 
Spain, the US and UK based on proximity to Protected Areas and 
Key Biodiversity Areas. 
Target: Positive impact on biodiversity2 at all GSK owned sites by 
2030
Progress to date: 66% of our sites are under biodiversity 
management plans, an increase of 45% from 2023.
In 2024, we delivered projects to remove non-native species and 
restore native fauna at our Ware, Wavre, Zebulon and Evreux 
manufacturing sites, with the aim of achieving a biodiversity uplift. 
We’re also contributing to broader landscape restoration in the 
regions where our sites are located. In 2024, through Projects for 
Nature, we supported the Living Rivers project in the UK, which 
aims to restore chalk streams in Hertfordshire, a region where 
three of our sites are located.  
Target: 100% of key3 naturally-derived materials sustainably 
sourced and deforestation free by 2030
Our approach to sustainable sourcing focuses on naturally 
derived, business-critical materials, where multiple impacts on 
nature have been identified. We identified the 12 highest priority 
materials4 and have developed sustainable sourcing standards for 
these materials. We can achieve sustainable sourcing for these 
materials either through purchasing certified materials or 
completing supplier audits. 
Progress to date: 58% of our total spend on the 12 highest priority 
materials is covered by an action plan to achieve sustainable 
sourcing by 2030.
We’re committed to 100% paper packaging and palm oil certified 
by 2025. In 2024, 93% of our paper packaging was derived from 
certified sources or from recycled raw materials, up from 86% in 
2023. 93% of our core palm oil materials were credible third-party 
certified, a decrease from 98% from 2023. 
We are also leading a project through the Pharmaceutical Supply 
Chain Initiative (PSCI) to agree industry-wide sustainable sourcing 
requirements for palm oil and lactose. 
We're also looking at opportunities to reduce or avoid the use of 
some natural materials, such as through process efficiencies and 
synthetic alternatives. For example, an extract from the soapbark 
tree is an essential ingredient in vaccine adjuvants, which are used 
to enhance the immune response of vaccines. We are working on 
a process improvement to deliver a significant yield increase, 
reducing our nature impact and improving supply resilience.
  gsk.com: Our approach to sourcing materials that are highly
dependent on nature 
Oceans 
Degradation of the world’s oceans, caused by factors such as 
climate change, marine pollution and over-fishing, impacts human 
health and business resilience. Our impacts and dependencies on 
oceans come primarily from two marine-derived materials that 
are part of manufacturing medicines and vaccines, specifically 
horseshoe crab blood and squalene.
Target: 100% of key marine-derived materials to be sustainably 
sourced by 2030
Progress to date: The long-term focus for these specific materials 
is avoidance of use, through moving to horse-shoe crab blood free 
alternatives. A horseshoe crab blood-derived material, Limulus 
amebocyte lysate (LAL) is required by some regulators to be used 
in pharmaceutical quality control processes to ensure the quality 
and safety of medicines and vaccines. We continue to make 
progress on LAL volume reductions and transitioning to LAL-free 
alternatives for new products, where applicable, and water 
testing, which accounts for the majority of our use.
1	  Below the predicted no-effect concentration level, as defined by the AMR Alliance and API Wastewater discharge limits.
2	  Using the Natural England Biodiversity Net Gain methodology.  
3	  Definition clarified in 2024 to reflect priority materials.
4	  Aluminium, Cellulose (HPMC & MCC), Eggs, Horseshoe Crab Blood, Lactose, Palm Oil, Paper packaging, Rapeseed Oil, Soap Bark Extract (QS-21), Soy, 
Squalene, Sugars (Glucose, Mannitol, Sorbitol, Starch, Sucrose)
Our approach    Our culture    Access    Global health    Environment    Inclusion & diversity    Ethical standards    Product governance    Appendix

23	 GSK Responsible Business Performance Report 2024
March 2025
Environment continued
We are engaging with regulators to seek further guidance on 
requirements to switch to LAL-free alternative, particularly for 
legacy products. In 2024, we became colead of an industry group 
through the Pharmaceutical Supply Chain Initiative to accelerate 
the transition to LAL-free testing. 
Squalene is used as an ingredient in one of our pandemic vaccine 
adjuvants. In 2024, we identified and are currently evaluating 
potential non-animal alternatives. 
Waste 
The overuse of natural resources and the generation of waste and 
pollution are key drivers of climate change and nature loss. Using 
fewer natural resources can reduce the business risk of material 
scarcity, while also reducing costs.  
Target: 25% environmental impact reduction for our products 
and packaging by 2030
Progress to date: The environmental impact of our medicines and 
vaccines is largely determined by their design. We apply a life 
cycle impact assessment methodology to baseline and measure 
improvements, for example through the selection of materials, 
design of production processes and devices, or take back and 
improved disposal of packaging after patient use. 
From 2024, all newly developed or acquired medicines will now 
have Sustainable Design Plans applied. These use industry-
leading product sustainability methodologies to include 
environmental considerations at every step of the product 
decision-making process, from design to disposal. 
We also aim to reduce the impact of our packaging. 100% 
of our sites now manufacture PVC-free secondary and tertiary 
packaging. We are a founding member of the Circularity in 
Primary Pharmaceutical Packaging Accelerator, a collaborative 
initiative across the pharmaceutical supply chain to develop and 
deploy solutions for the recycling of primary pharmaceutical 
packaging. 
 gsk.com: Reducing the environmental impact of our medicines and 
vaccines 
Target: Zero operational waste1 by 20302
We define zero operational waste as a 20% reduction in 
operational waste and 100% operational waste circularity, 
including zero waste to landfill.
Progress to date: In 2024, we reduced operational waste by 5% 
compared with 2023, a total of 25% since 2020. The amount of 
materials recovered by circular routes increased by 1% from 2023 
to 54%. This was driven by a revision to our definition of circularity 
to exclude waste streams subject to regulatory requirements 
which prevent them from entering circular routes. Based on a 
consistent methodology to last year, the amount of materials 
recovered by circular routes would have decreased by 4% from 
2023 to 49%. This was driven by an increase in the avoidance of 
waste that would previously have been recycled. From 2025 
onwards, we will only report against the new definition. We have 
maintained zero operational waste to landfill.
We continue to build on our long-standing operational waste 
management programme to identify opportunities to find more 
beneficial uses for waste, including providing by-products from 
our manufacturing processes to other industries as a raw material. 
We’re also reducing the amount of solvent used in our processes. 
To reduce the amount of waste generated in our laboratories, 
we’re part of the My Green Lab programme. In 2024, 23 labs 
completed the certification process, bringing the total number of 
certified labs to 35. 21 of these sites have achieved the highest 
rating of Platinum or Green. 
Target: 10% waste reduction from our supply chain by 2030
Progress to date: We’re working on a supply chain waste footprint 
to help prioritise procurement of materials that generate less 
waste and to support supplier engagement on waste reduction.
1	  Including a 20% reduction in routine hazardous and non-hazardous waste.
2	  Target updated in 2024 to remove specific reference to the elimination of operational single-use plastics. This work has been integrated into the overall 
operational waste target.
Our approach    Our culture    Access    Global health    Environment    Inclusion & diversity    Ethical standards    Product governance    Appendix

24	 GSK Responsible Business Performance Report 2024
March 2025
Environment continued
2021
2022
2023
2024
Energy
Natural gas purchased (GWh)
 1,744 
 1,655 
 1,567 
1,504
Electricity used (GWh)
 1,008 
 970 
 958
 959
Purchased renewable electricity (GWh)
 631 
 697 
 782 
 852 
        A
Purchased non-renewable electricity (GWh)
 372 
 263 
 163 
 97 
Onsite renewably generated electricity (GWh)
 13 
 18 
 17 
 22 
        A
Exported electricity (GWh)
 8 
 8 
 4 
12
Coal (GWh)
0
0
0
0
Other fossil fuels (GWh)
 58 
 81 
 60 
 55 
Renewable heat (GWh)
 8 
 13 
 12 
 14 
Purchased heating and cooling (GWh)
 52 
 41 
 39 
 45 
Total energy for operations (GWh)
 2,871 
 2,759 
 2,636 
2,577
        A
% renewable electricity
63%
 73% 
83%
90%
Carbon: Scope 1 and 2 emissions
Onsite fuel use (thousands of tonnes CO2e)
 333 
 320 
 301 
 289 
Sales force vehicles (thousands of tonnes CO2e)
 52 
 51 
 46 
 43 
Propellant emissions during manufacture of inhalers (thousands of tonnes CO2e)
 237 
 243 
 220 
179
Onsite waste or wastewater treatment (thousands of tonnes CO2e)
 0 
 0 
 0 
 0 
Refrigerant gas losses (thousands of tonnes CO2e)
 11 
 13 
 13 
10
Total Scope 1 emissions (thousands of tonnes CO2e)
 633 
 626 
 581 
521
        A
Electricity (market-based emissions) (thousands of tonnes CO2e)
 125 
 84 
 60 
 39 
Purchased heating and cooling (thousands of tonnes CO2e)
 6 
 4 
 4 
 5 
Total Scope 2 market-based emissions (thousands of tonnes CO2e)
 131 
 88 
 64 
 44 
        A
Total Scope 2 location-based emissions (thousands of tonnes CO2e)
 285 
 265 
 240 
 234 
        A
Total Scope 1 and 2 market-based emissions (thousands of tonnes CO2e)
 764 
 715 
 645 
 565 
 PR  A
Fermentation/biogenic releases (thousands of tonnes CO2e)
10
12
12
18
Carbon: Scope 3 emissions1
    
Purchased goods and services (thousands of tonnes CO2e)
 2,725 
 2,485 
 2,978   
–   
Capital goods (thousands of tonnes CO2e)
 154 
 161 
196
–
Fuel and energy-related activities (thousands of tonnes CO2e)
 84 
 145 
65
–
Transportation and distribution (upstream) (thousands of tonnes CO2e)
 189 
 242 
215
–
Waste generated in operations (thousands of tonnes CO2e)
 64 
 51 
44
–
Business travel (thousands of tonnes CO2e)
 50 
 85 
203
–
Employee commuting (thousands of tonnes CO2e)
 48 
 60 
56
–
Leased assets (upstream) (thousands of tonnes CO2e)
 0 
0
0
–
Transportation and distribution (downstream) (thousands of tonnes CO2e)
 99 
 130 
82
–
Processing of sold products (thousands of tonnes CO2e)
 0 
0
0
–
PR   Metric contributes to our Responsible Business Performance Rating.
A   Metric’s 2024 data has been independently assured.
1	 Other than propellant emissions data (which is collected through our internal systems), full Scope 3 emissions data for 2024 will not be available until later 
in the year. 
Our approach    Our culture    Access    Global health    Environment    Inclusion & diversity    Ethical standards    Product governance    Appendix

25	 GSK Responsible Business Performance Report 2024
March 2025
Environment continued
PR   Metric contributes to our Responsible Business Performance Rating.
A   Metric’s 2024 data has been independently assured.
2021
2022
2023
2024
Use of sold products (thousands of tonnes CO2e)
 5,120 
 5,523 
5,074
–
	 – Emissions from use of propellant-based inhalers by patients (thousands of tonnes CO2e)
 5,039 
 5,429 
 5,039 
4,640         A
End of life (thousands of tonnes CO2e)
 51 
 47 
38
–
Leased assets (downstream) (thousands of tonnes CO2e)
0
0
0
–
Franchises (thousands of tonnes CO2e)
0
0
0
–
Investments (thousands of tonnes CO2e)
 41 
 66 
32
–
Total Scope 3 emissions (thousands of tonnes CO2e)
 8,624 
 8,995 
8,983
–
Ozone-depleting substances
ODP inventory of CFC and HCFC in equipment (kg CFC11e)
277
6
5
1
ODP calculated releases of CFC11e (kg CFC11e)
8
0
0
0
Water use
Municipal (million m3)
5.8 
5.6 
 5.6 
5.4
Ground water (million m3)
2.0 
1.7 
 1.6 
1.5
Tankers (million m3)
0.1 
0.1 
 0.2 
0.1
Total water use (million m3)
7.9 
7.5 
 7.4 
7.0
        A
Recycled sources (million m3)
0.3 
0.2 
 0.3 
0.3
Water use at high-water-risk sites (million m3)
0.3
0.3
 0.3 
0.3
        A
Water discharge
Wastewater to municipal sewers (million m3)
 4.0 
4.0 
 3.9 
4.1
Wastewater to surface water (million m3)
 1.9 
1.8 
 2.2 
2.1
Wastewater to land (million m3)
 0.1 
0.1 
 0.1 
0.1
Wastewater to other (million m3)
 0.0
0.0
0.0
0.0
Total wastewater discharged (million m3)
 5.9 
5.9 
 6.2 
6.3
        A
Average of the % GSK sites and suppliers compliant with wastewater API limits and the % of sites 
and suppliers that are compliant with AMR Industry Alliance Common Manufacturing Framework 
and discharge limits
–
94%
87%
>99%  PR  A
Our approach    Our culture    Access    Global health    Environment    Inclusion & diversity    Ethical standards    Product governance    Appendix

26	 GSK Responsible Business Performance Report 2024
March 2025
2021
2022
2023
2024
Waste1
Total waste recovered via a circular route (thousand tonnes)
 21.9 
 21.8 
 26.2 
23.3
Total waste disposed via a non-circular route (thousand tonnes)
 33.9 
 28.5 
 23.5 
24.0
Total waste exempt from circularity1
–
–
–
4.2
Subtotal of waste in scope for circularity1
–
–
–
43.1
Total waste generated (thousand tonnes)
 55.8 
 50.3 
 49.7 
47.31,2
 PR  
% circular waste
39%
43%
53%
54%
Total hazardous waste recovered via a circular route (thousand tonnes)
 2.9 
 2.9 
 3.6 
2.8
Total hazardous waste disposed via a non-circular route (thousand tonnes)
 18.3 
 16.3 
 14.7 
16.1
Total hazardous waste (thousand tonnes)
 21.2 
 19.2 
 18.3 
18.9
Total non-hazardous waste recovered via a circular route (thousand tonnes)
 19.0 
 18.9 
 22.5 
20.5
Total non-hazardous waste disposed via a non-circular route (thousand tonnes)
 15.6 
 12.1 
 8.9 
7.9
Total non-hazardous waste (thousand tonnes)
 34.6 
 31.0 
 31.4 
28.4
Total hazardous waste incinerated (thousand tonnes)
 14.0 
 13.2 
 13.0 
13.5
Total non-hazardous waste incinerated (thousand tonnes)
 13.2 
 8.5 
 8.4 
7.9
Total waste incinerated (thousand tonnes)
 27.2 
 21.7 
 21.4 
21.4
Total hazardous waste to landfill (thousand tonnes)
 0.0 
 0.0 
 0.2 
0.2
Total non-hazardous waste to landfill (thousand tonnes)
 0.0 
 0.1 
 0.0 
0.0
Total waste to landfill (thousand tonnes)
0.0 
 0.1 
 0.2 
0.2
Sustainable sourcing
Percentage of certified sustainable paper
–
–
86%
93%
 PR  A
Percentage of certified sustainable palm oil
–
–
98%
93%
 PR  A
Compliance and remediation
Number of GSK internal audits
0
24
20
23
Number of GSK sites independently certified to ISO 4001
0
7
9
9
Environmental fines (£'000s)
0
0.2
0
7.9
Remediation spend ($m)
3.0
2.8
3.3
2.4
PR   Metric contributes to our Responsible Business Performance Rating.
A   Metric’s 2024 data has been independently assured.
Environment continued
1	 In 2024 there was a revision to our definition of circularity to exclude waste streams subject to regulatory requirements which prevent them from entering 
circular routes. Based on a consistent methodology to last year, the amount of materials recovered by circular routes would have decreased by 4% from 
2023 to 49%. This was driven by an increase in the avoidance of waste that would previously have been recycled. From 2025 onwards, we will only report 
against the new definition.
2	 In accordance with the Basis of Reporting, Total waste generated includes an estimate for waste generated by de minimus (immaterial) sites. This 
estimated component is not included in the above data table. For 2024 the total waste including the estimate for immaterial sites is 52.3 thousand tonnes 
and has been assured by Deloitte. Comparable figure for 2023 was 52.5 thousand tonnes. 
Our approach    Our culture    Access    Global health    Environment    Inclusion & diversity    Ethical standards    Product governance    Appendix

27	 GSK Responsible Business Performance Report 2024
March 2025
Representative clinical studies 
Diseases and medicines can affect people differently depending 
on their ethnicity, sex, race and age so we need to make sure that 
our clinical trials include those affected by the disease under 
study. This supports our business performance by providing 
healthcare providers and the individuals who are prescribed our 
medicines and vaccines confidence in the safety and 
effectiveness of our products.
Since 2022, all our phase III clinical trials have representation 
plans in place before commencing enrolment to reflect the people 
most impacted by a particular disease. For example, our 
respiratory syncytial virus (RSV) clinical development programme 
has been recognised by external experts for the robustness of the 
data reflecting the population at risk, hence informing prescribers 
and people of the vaccine's potential impact. Our phase III RSV 
clinical trials were designed to ensure the broadest geographic 
footprint and the broadest population representing people with 
underlying health conditions.
Now our focus is on actual enrolment of participants impacted by 
the disease under study. 88% of phase III trials completing 
enrolment in 2024 met our enrolment thresholds needed so that 
trial participants represent the disease epidemiology under study. 
This exceeds our 2024 target of 50%.
Inclusion & diversity
To be a successful business and deliver positive health impact at scale, we 
must meet patients’ needs with research that includes those impacted by 
the disease under study, attract and retain the best talent regardless of 
background, and support all GSK people to thrive.
In this report, we set out progress made against I&D commitments previously set for 2024, and which are reflected in our overall 
Responsible Business performance rating for the year.  
Our Responsible Business Performance Rating metrics 2024
Representative clinical studies:
	
– 50% of phase III trials completing enrolment in 2024 that have met our required threshold1 of trial participants, consistent with 
disease epidemiology
 
In 2024, we measured progress towards our previously stated 2025 aspirations (set out below). In 2024, we largely met2 the 
leadership aspirations. Going forward, we will make changes in several areas related to inclusion and diversity to ensure continued 
compliance with the law and being respectful of our operating environment, including no longer setting aspirational targets for 
our leadership and supplier programmes. 
Previous leadership aspirations through fair and equitable opportunities:
	
– aspire to have women hold at least 45% of VP-and-above roles globally
	
– aspire to have at least 30% ethnically diverse leaders in our roles at VP-and-above in the US and increase the percentage of 
Black or African American, and Hispanic or Latino(a) VP-and-above leaders year on year
	
– aspire to have at least 18% ethnically diverse leaders in our roles at VP-and-above in the UK and increase the percentage of 
Black VP-and-above leaders year on year
Previous supplier programme aspirational targets:
	
– Improve year-on-year spend with US-based certified diverse-owned suppliers 
81%
Employee engagement 
score 2024 
48%
VP-and-above roles held by 
women globally at the end 
of 2024
88%
Phase III trials completing 
enrolment in 2024 that have 
met our required threshold1 for 
trial participants, consistent 
with disease epidemiology 
1	 Defined by meeting ≥70% of each demographic objective described in the plan based on disease epidemiology. 
2	 We have met our previously set overarching ethnicity and gender aspirations but not all individual components.
Our approach    Our culture    Access    Global health    Environment    Inclusion & diversity    Ethical standards    Product governance    Appendix

28	 GSK Responsible Business Performance Report 2024
March 2025
Inclusion and diversity continued
Building a high-performing, inclusive organisation 
Over recent years, we’ve delivered a step-change in performance 
and we believe in the power of an inclusive culture and differing 
perspectives and experiences to unlock the full potential of the 
company. This helps attract and retain outstanding talent, 
develop innovative solutions, and drive better decision-making, 
supporting long-term performance and better health outcomes 
for patients.  
We want GSK to be a workplace where our employees can feel a 
sense of belonging, be themselves, and have their different 
perspectives and characteristics valued, because this helps 
everyone perform at their best. We measure employee sentiment 
on inclusion as part of our employee survey, which includes 
questions on employees feeling welcome and included, feeling 
able to be themselves, valuing different perspectives, and 
agreeing on ways of working that enable them to perform at their 
best. In 2024, our employee engagement was strong at 81% 
favourable.
Our ERGs, employee-led communities that are open to all 
employees, are key partners to help us build an inclusive culture. 
For example, in 2024, we worked in partnership with our Disability 
Confidence Network to launch our new Global Accessibility 
Inclusion Standard that sets out minimum expectations to help 
address accessibility for people living with disabilities and 
long-term health conditions.
We are committed to equal employment opportunity, non-
discrimination and merit-based decision-making in the way we 
recruit, manage and develop our people. 
We previously set leadership aspirations for race and ethnicity in 
senior positions in the US and UK and gender aspirations for 
senior positions globally. At the end of 2024, we had largely met1 
these aspirations. 
At the end of 2024, women held 48% of VP-and-above roles 
globally, and made up 48% of all employees in 2024, and 51% of 
all management roles.
In the UK at the end of 2024, 21.8% of our leaders at VP-and- 
above were ethnically diverse and we had 3.1% Black leaders at 
VP-and-above. In the US, 38.3% of our leaders at VP-and-above 
were ethnically diverse. We had 8.4% Black or African American 
leaders at VP-and-above and 5.9% Hispanic or Latino(a) leaders 
at VP-and-above.
We remain committed to abiding by the laws in all jurisdictions in 
which we operate, including anti-discrimination laws. We make 
changes as necessary as law and policy evolves. Going forward, 
we will make changes in several areas related to inclusion and 
diversity to ensure continued compliance with the law and being 
respectful of our operating environment, including no longer 
setting aspirational targets for our leadership and supplier 
programmes.  
Fair and equal pay practices are crucial to create an environment 
where people feel welcome, valued, included and supported to 
thrive. We conduct country-based reviews and ensure all markets 
have clear guidance, tools and support to ensure pay fairness. If 
unexplained differences are detected, we address them through 
our compensation processes. Our UK pay gap reporting is 
available on gsk.com. 
Supplier programme 
Over the last year, we have increased our spending with suppliers 
owned by people in under-represented groups in the US and we 
expanded this programme to the UK.  
In 2025, we will no longer set aspirational targets and will review 
this programme to ensure continued compliance with the law 
and being respectful of our operating environment with 
the aim of continued outreach to a broad range of suppliers 
and delivery of business value.  
Our approach    Our culture    Access    Global health    Environment    Inclusion & diversity    Ethical standards    Product governance    Appendix
1	 We have met our previously set overarching ethnicity and gender aspirations but not all individual components.

29	 GSK Responsible Business Performance Report 2024
March 2025
Supporting GSK people to do the right thing 
Our approach
How we do things is as important as what we do. This means that it 
is important that all our people, and everyone who works on our 
behalf, conducts themselves in the right way. This builds trust in what 
we do, protects our business and helps create a workplace where 
we all thrive. Getting this wrong is costly to our business in terms of 
legal and financial risk, as well as undermining trust with key 
stakeholders.  
Our Code of Conduct (The Code) guides our people to do the right 
thing and act on any concerns they have. We expect everyone who 
works for us to live up to this, and we expect the same of our 
suppliers. The Code is supported by specific global policies and 
standards and an accompanying global learning curriculum, which 
all our people are required to complete. It comprises two modules: 
The Code itself and Living our Code, includes Creating an Inclusive 
Workplace and addresses anti-bribery and corruption (ABAC), 
fraud, privacy, human safety information related to our products, 
information and cyber security, Speak Up, Write Right, conduct at 
work and sexual harassment. In 2024, 100% of our employees and 
99% of complementary workers completed this training.
We have additional ABAC training for our people in certain high- 
risk roles or geographic regions. This helps them identify and 
mitigate any potential ABAC risk – especially in third-party 
relationships – and recognise, report and manage conflicts of 
interest. In 2024, 100% of this subset of employees and 98% of 
complementary workers completed this training. 
Our approach to managing ABAC risk, and other risks relating to 
ethical standards, forms part of our well-embedded risk 
management framework, which is described in detail in our Annual 
Report, on page 62. 
  gsk.com: Anti-bribery and corruption policy • The Code 
Reporting and investigating concerns
Anyone inside or outside GSK can raise concerns or speak to our 
integrity lines, confidentially and anonymously, without fear of 
retaliation. We take every concern seriously and review every 
report to see whether we need to investigate formally. If our 
investigations show an employee has breached our policies, 
we take action in line with our policies, procedures and local 
requirements. 
In 2024, we continued our focus on enhancing our controls, 
monitoring activities and timely case closure. The number of 
employees disciplined for policy violations increased from the 
prior year primarily due to localised incidents in a few countries 
with large workforces. These incidents mainly involved individual 
breaches of internal policy and procedures. See more on page 34.   
  
Ethical standards
We expect all of our people to behave ethically, do the right thing and Speak Up 
about any concerns they have. We expect the same behaviour from our suppliers. 
Our commitment
Promote ethical behaviour across our business by supporting our 
employees to do the right thing and working with suppliers that 
share our standards and operate in a responsible way
Our Responsible Business Performance Rating 
metrics 2024
	
– Percentage of employees and complementary workers 
complete GSK’s 2024 mandatory training 
	
– Percentage of employees who believe they ‘can and do Speak 
Up if things don’t feel right’ is above the general industry 
benchmark1 
	
– Percentage of direct high-risk suppliers that achieve GSK’s 
minimum EcoVadis score or have an improvement plan in 
place 
86%
of direct high-risk suppliers 
achieved our minimum 
EcoVadis score 
86% 
of employees believe they 
'can and do Speak Up if 
things don't feel right'
100%
of employees and 99% of 
complementary workers 
completed our mandatory 
training 
Our approach    Our culture    Access    Global health    Environment    Inclusion & diversity    Ethical standards    Product governance    Appendix

30	 GSK Responsible Business Performance Report 2024
March 2025
Our commitment to human rights 
We are committed to respecting internationally recognised 
human rights wherever we do business. We are signatories to the 
UN Global Compact and our Human Rights Position Statement 
lays out our commitment to the UN Guiding Principles on Business 
and Human Rights. We have a cross-business Human Rights 
Steering Group that reports to the GSK Leadership Team and the 
Board’s Corporate Responsibility Committee, and which drives 
progress on human rights across the organisation.   
In 2024, we updated our salient issues – those areas where GSK’s 
potential to impact on human rights is greatest. Our refreshed 
salient issues are healthcare access and affordability, safety of 
patients and trial participants, working conditions, environmental 
health impacts, and artificial intelligence and data protection. We 
continue to make progress in integrating the management of these 
issues within our operations and how we conduct our business.
In 2024, we refreshed our human rights training for priority 
suppliers,1 aimed at ensuring a good understanding of human 
rights and labour principles, aligned with international standards, 
as well as our human rights training for third-party engagement 
leads, to better equip them to spot labour and human rights 
issues when visiting suppliers. 
We regularly conduct audits and site visits covering labour rights 
and environmental health and safety for our priority suppliers. 
Over the last year, we’ve conducted 39 audits. Some of the issues 
identified during audits and supplier visits in 2024 related to policy 
adherence, wages and working hours. In all cases, we've put 
action plans in place to drive improvement, which we track and 
follow up for completion. 
We’ve also collaborated with peers through the Pharmaceutical 
Supply Chain Initiative to agree industry sustainable sourcing 
requirements for palm oil and lactose aligned with international 
best practice on labour rights. 
As a Living Wage employer, we remain committed to fair and 
equitable pay, conducting an annual review to ensure that all 
employees receive pay that is competitive in their local markets 
and sufficient to support a sustainable standard of living. 
  gsk.com: Our position on Human Rights • Modern Slavery Act 
statement • Our position on working with third parties
Working with third parties
Our suppliers and other third parties – including agents, 
distributors and affiliate companies (where we have an equity 
stake) – help us research, develop, manufacture and distribute 
the medicines and vaccines that patients need. We want to work 
with business partners who share our commitment to high ethical 
standards and operate in a responsible way. How these third 
parties act can have a direct impact on us. It’s important to 
manage our relationships with them well, including the way we 
choose, contract and monitor them.
Our third-party risk management programme provides the 
framework by which we manage and oversee risks associated with 
the third parties we engage to provide goods or services. We 
expect our third parties to comply with applicable laws and 
regulations and to adopt, at minimum, our ABAC and labour rights 
principles and, where relevant, to comply with our standards on 
quality, patient safety, health and safety, data and cyber security, 
and the environment. All expectations are formalised in contracts 
and subject to appropriate levels of audit and oversight. All new 
suppliers undergo a risk assessment and all existing suppliers are 
re-assessed once every three years on average. Appropriate action 
is taken against third parties found in breach of their undertakings.
We assess all our third parties to understand whether we consider 
them to be low, medium or high risk. Our high-risk third parties are 
determined by location in high-risk markets, size of spend and type 
of goods or services. They are mostly goods and services providers 
(61%), distributors and wholesalers (2%), direct material suppliers 
(3%) and contract manufacturers (0.5%). In 2024, we assessed our 
high-risk third parties, totalling over 12,500 assessments across 17 
risk areas. We also use tools to assess how suppliers manage risks, 
including EcoVadis desktop assessments.
Tailored support and oversight by business 
As part of our overall approach to managing third-party risk, we 
have additional controls and monitoring programmes integrated 
into our enterprise risk management to ensure our third parties 
and suppliers meet our standards and requirements. For example, 
we include controls as relevant in our principal risks to manage 
third-party risk, which differs by business area according to the 
third-party risk profiles. Teams in our Global Supply Chain 
business are responsible for onsite supplier visits and audits, 
periodic business review and performance meetings, and annual 
or semi-annual enterprise-level governance and specific support 
on environment, health and safety (EHS) risks. 
In R&D, we have an established third-party monitoring 
programme to assess compliance with our policies and standards. 
In our Commercial business, we annually risk assess key 
commercial third parties and prioritise independent monitoring 
reviews, focused on ABAC, commercial practices and scientific 
and patient engagement. We monitor the actions we require 
them to complete and the reasons for doing so.
Additional support for EHS risk
As well as monitoring and assessment, we provide additional, 
tailored support to help our suppliers manage EHS risks, where we 
support our largest suppliers to improve safety management 
systems and build overall EHS capability, focusing on active 
pharmaceutical ingredients manufacturers and contract 
manufacturing suppliers.
Ethical standards continued
1	 Our largest suppliers, including those who supply globally medically critical products, are critical to our R&D, and those largest by spend. 
Our approach    Our culture    Access    Global health    Environment    Inclusion & diversity    Ethical standards    Product governance    Appendix

31	 GSK Responsible Business Performance Report 2024
March 2025
We also provide regular support to suppliers that require help 
building their capacity to manage key EHS risks. This support is 
differentiated by need and is delivered both virtually and onsite. 
There are currently 14 suppliers receiving this focused support, 
which includes process safety, machinery safety, contractor 
safety, warehouse safety and safety leadership programmes. 
We also recommend solutions to mitigate the identified EHS risk.  
We visit sites, in person or virtually, to help suppliers better 
understand and control their EHS risks. In 2024, we conducted 
79 physical visits across 53 priority suppliers.
We also conducted 41 supplier audits in 2024 following industry 
standard Pharmaceutical Supply Chain Initiative guidelines. We 
trained close to 1,400 supplier employees on EHS this year, 
strengthened EHS contractual obligations and worked with 
suppliers to help them improve their EcoVadis scores. If a third 
party has a significant EHS incident, we have a process in place to 
pause supply, with the decision on whether to restart or 
discontinue work with the third party depending on completion of 
an improvement plan and trajectory. 
In 2024, we deployed a contractor safety programme across all 
GSK operations. This is a management system using best-known 
methods to reduce risks associated with services performed by 
contractors.
  gsk.com: Our position on working with third parties • Annual Report 
2024 • Principal risks and uncertainties page 310
Using data and AI responsibly 
Data is an essential foundation to realising our ambitions for 
patients. Advances in artificial intelligence (AI) and machine 
learning (ML) technologies present tremendous opportunities, but 
the technologies must be approached correctly, responsibly and 
ethically. Increases in the volume of data processed using AI/ML 
have resulted in a greater focus on data governance and the 
ethical use of personal information, over and above compliance 
with data privacy laws. The global landscape of data protection, 
privacy, technology and cyber laws is rapidly changing, with 
increasing trends towards data sovereignty and enforcement 
scrutiny by regulators.
We take our responsibility for data ethics and privacy seriously 
and we exercise high standards of integrity in dealing with the 
personal information of our employees, patients, clinical research 
participants, healthcare providers and other stakeholders. We 
recognise that some data and AI-related issues arise from 
third-party interactions, and we are committed to ensuring that 
our partners adhere to the same high standards of data 
governance and ethical use of AI/ML technologies as we do.
Our Digital and Privacy Governance Board oversees our overall 
data ethics and privacy operating model, supported by digital and 
privacy legal experts and compliance professionals. The board 
monitors fast-evolving legislation, regulations, guidance and 
requirements being published by global regulators. We have 
revised our privacy foundations training, policy and written 
standards to reflect new privacy principles, simplifying our privacy 
governance framework to ensure GSK is able to adapt it to take 
into account global changes in privacy regulations.
Cyber security threats have become more sophisticated and are 
increasing with our expanding digital footprint. We deploy cyber 
security controls, and monitor and mitigate new and emerging 
cyber threats to protect GSK from cyber security risks. 
We have additional governance boards that oversee the use of our 
data in the research, development, commercial, manufacture and 
supply of our products to ensure we follow regulations and meet 
ethical obligations.
In 2024, we continued to embed our cross-functional AI 
Governance Council (AIGC) to oversee our AI strategy and to 
ensure responsible adoption of AI/ML. This is complemented by an 
internal policy to ensure that AI/ML adoption is safe and aligned 
with GSK’s culture by establishing AI Principles, which are 
underpinned by the ethical standards set out in the GSK Code. 
The AIGC is responsible for setting the governance and standards 
aimed at fostering an enterprise-wide responsible AI/ML 
ecosystem at GSK, and monitoring the external AI/ML landscape 
to anticipate potential risks.
Our public policy position on responsible AI sets out our views, 
commitments and asks of policymakers. We’re taking a holistic, 
principles-based approach to the developing global regulatory 
landscape, and we’re engaging with policymakers about the most 
appropriate regulatory approaches that foster innovation while 
preserving safety and trust. We’re focused on enhancing existing 
technical standards and processes to prepare for global 
regulatory requirements, and we continue to monitor evolving 
legislation and policy, such as the new EU AI Act.
This year, we introduced a new responsible AI Standard Operating 
Procedure, which defines the requirements for all development 
and procurement of AI systems across GSK. We also established a 
framework for business functions to integrate AI risk review and 
management within existing risk management compliance boards.  
  gsk.com: Annual Report, Risk management, pages 62-66 • Annual 
Report, R&D pages 28-30 • Our position on Responsible AI
Political engagement 
We are committed to the highest ethical standards and legislative 
requirements in all of our political engagements. We do not make 
corporate political contributions, nor do we sponsor party political 
meetings anywhere around the world. 
  gsk.com: Our position on political advocacy • Political advocacy 
disclosure
Ethical standards continued
Our approach    Our culture    Access    Global health    Environment    Inclusion & diversity    Ethical standards    Product governance    Appendix

32	 GSK Responsible Business Performance Report 2024
March 2025
PR   Metric contributes to our Responsible Business Performance Rating.
A   Metric’s 2024 data has been independently assured.
1	 In 2024, we continued our focus on enhancing our controls, monitoring activities and timely case closure. The rise in the number of employees disciplined 
was primarily due to localised incidents in a few countries with large workforces. These incidents mainly involved breaches in sales and marketing, GMP 
policies, late completion of mandatory training, violations of local working arrangements, IT access policies, and fleet policy violations.
2	 In 2022, we updated the reporting methodology for the breakdown of types of policy violation to provide more granularity by case class as there was a 
broader distribution from the top five policy area categories historically reported under 'other'. To enable comparison, prior-year data has been restated 
using the new reporting methodology.
3	 In 2022, we changed our process for the circumstances that trigger discipline for late completion of mandatory training, now reported under employee 
conduct. As a result, we saw fewer disciplinary cases in 2022 compared with prior years.
4	 In 2023 we continued to embed stronger performance management focus, correlating in an increase in disciplinary action in employee relations and HR 
policies.
5	 The majority of EHS and sustainability category increases in 2022 were written warnings related to compliance with the company's COVID-19 vaccination 
mandate, safety or testing requirements, to ensure the health, safety and wellbeing of our workforce, which were subsequently lifted in April 2023, 
correlating in a decrease in 2023 and 2024.
6	 Policy violations class types that do not fit into the other class categories specified.
Ethical standards continued
Ethical standards continued
2021
2022
2023
20241
Ethical conduct1
Employees who had concerns raised against them (including current year and prior year 
open cases)
2,534
2,191
1,960
2,110
        A
Employees disciplined for policy violations
910
850
798
913
        A
Breakdown of types of policy violation2
Employee conduct3
555
367
304
354
        A
Sales and marketing
166
168
122
172
        A
Product quality
65
48
76
95
        A
Safeguarding people and information and assets
78
140
177
210
        A
Employee relations and HR policies4
20
42
99
126
        A
R&D and medical practices
13
13
7
5
        A
Anti-bribery and corruption
22
12
39
24
        A
Cyber security
9
14
24
20
        A
EHS and sustainability5
16
152
64
18
        A
Other6
5
4
4
4
        A
Employees who were dismissed or agreed to leave the company voluntarily as a result of 
misconduct
177
290
256
252
        A
Documented warnings
740
566
553
666
        A
Open cases awaiting investigation or a disciplinary decision at year end
636
457
297
203
        A
Mandatory training
% of employees and complementary workers that complete GSK’s mandatory training
–
99%
100%
100%
 PR  A
% of employees that complete GSK’s mandatory training – The Code: Living our Values and 
Expectations (2019, 2020); Working at GSK (2021)
99%
100%
100%
100%
        A
% of complementary workers that complete GSK’s mandatory training – The Code: Living our 
Values and Expectations (2019, 2020); Working at GSK (2021)
93%
98%
99%
99%
        A
% of employees that complete GSK’s mandatory training – ABAC
100%
100%
100%
100%
        A
% of complementary workers that complete GSK’s mandatory training – ABAC
99%
96%
99%
98%
        A
Reporting concerns
% of employees who believe they ‘can and do Speak Up if things don’t feel right’
87%
87%
83%
86%
 PR  A
Suppliers
% of direct high-risk suppliers that achieve GSK’s minimum EcoVadis score or have an 
improvement plan in place
80%
82%
89%
86%
 PR  A
Our approach    Our culture    Access    Global health    Environment    Inclusion & diversity    Ethical standards    Product governance    Appendix

33	 GSK Responsible Business Performance Report 2024
March 2025
Ethical standards continued
2021
2022
2023
20241
Supplier spend by region
Asia-Pacific
–
8.6%
8%
7.9%
Europe, Middle East and Africa
–
58.5%
55%
53.3%
Latin America
–
1.5%
2%
1.5%
North America
–
31.3%
35%
37.1%
US political engagement
Spend on federal lobbying activities ($m)
5.30
4.46
5.10
4.8
Trade association membership spend ($m)
20.3
20.6
20.6
21.9
Corporate political contributions ($)1
0
0
0
0
Political action committee contributions from US employees to state and federal candidates ($'000)
298.0
360.5
325.8
254.0
European political engagement
Trade association membership spend (£m)3
2.08
1.91
2.00
1.65
Corporate political contributions (€)1
0
0
0
0
Cost of representing our interests to EU institutions (€m)2
1.18
1.22
0.70
0.74
PR   Metric contributes to our Responsible Business Performance Rating.
A   Metric’s 2024 data has been independently assured.
1	 GSK does not make corporate political contributions, nor do we sponsor political meetings anywhere around the world.
2	 This includes the latest available figures from the previous year. Figures from the reporting year are published annually in March, after publication of this 
document.
3	 European political memberships included here are EFPIA (European Federation of Pharmaceutical Industries and Associations) and ABPI (Association of 
the British Pharmaceutical Industry).
Our approach    Our culture    Access    Global health    Environment    Inclusion & diversity    Ethical standards    Product governance    Appendix

34	 GSK Responsible Business Performance Report 2024
March 2025
Product governance
Ensuring the quality, safety and reliable supply of our products is critically 
important to protect our patients.
Our commitment
We commit to maintaining robust quality and safety processes, 
and using data and new technologies responsibly 
Our Responsible Business Performance Rating 
metrics 2024
	
– Average number of critical and major findings per inspection 
by FDA/MHRA/EMA regulators1 
	
– Percentage of inspections from all regulators with no critical 
findings or official action indicated
	
– Number of FDA warning letters 
	
– Total number of Class I/II external product recalls across all 
markets
	
– Register and disclose all interventional clinical trials of GSK 
products. Specifically, register protocol summaries for studies 
initiated in 2024 and disclose results summaries for studies 
with results due in 2024
Our approach
To be ambitious for patients, we’re focused on delivering a high 
quality, safe and reliable supply of our products around the world. 
This supports our long-term growth. To ensure we meet the high 
standards we set ourselves, and that are expected of us externally, 
we have rigorous quality systems in place across the company. 
These systems make sure the medicines and vaccines we deliver 
are safe and reliable. 
When issues arise, our quality systems, in line with our values-
driven culture, help us respond swiftly and transparently. In these 
instances, we prioritise patient safety and work collaboratively to 
investigate the cause of issues, focused on science. By way of 
example, we initiated a voluntary recall of Zantac products and 
suspended the release, distribution and supply of all dose forms of 
Zantac in 2019. GSK and the scientific community have 
undertaken extensive tests and investigations into the safety of 
the product. The scientific consensus remains that there is no 
consistent or reliable evidence that ranitidine increases the risk of 
any cancer. For information on the recent Zantac settlements, see 
Annual Report, Legal proceedings on page 287.
A focus on quality  
Our detailed and specific quality framework describes how we 
comply with regulatory requirements and other standards across 
our markets. It is based on principles defined by the International 
Council for Harmonisation of Technical Requirements for 
Pharmaceuticals for Human Use, and it addresses global and 
local regulations across our manufacturing and distribution 
processes.
Our GSK quality function is responsible for managing quality. It 
ensures that a quality mindset is embedded throughout the 
organisation at all levels. The function comprises an extensive 
global network of quality and compliance professionals within 
each of our business units, from site level to senior management.
Our Quality Management System provides the standards that 
must be followed by our people to support good distribution and 
manufacturing practice. It helps us maintain a standardised and 
compliant approach to all our quality activities, aligned to the 
regulatory expectations of the markets that we supply to.
Regulatory inspections and recalls  
We are subject to frequent regulatory inspections in markets 
where we supply our medicines and vaccines. These inspections 
provide independent assurance that our development, 
manufacturing and distribution processes adhere to the required 
high quality standards and expectations. We work to ensure we’re 
inspection ready at all times.
In 2024, we had 104 regulatory inspections at our manufacturing 
sites and local operating companies, compared with 114 in 2023. 
We received zero warning letters from the US Food and Drug 
Administration (FDA), one critical finding from the Medicines and 
Healthcare products Regulatory Agency (MHRA) and no critical 
findings from the European Medicines Agency (EMA) in 2024. 
We respond to and learn from all inspection findings, taking the 
necessary actions to address them.
8,036
clinical trial protocol 
summaries registered and 
7,029 summaries of results  
104
regulatory inspections at our 
manufacturing sites and local 
operating companies
1,192
quality audits of our 
contract manufacturers 
and suppliers 
1	 We consider any observations from the US FDA as major.
Our approach    Our culture    Access    Global health    Environment    Inclusion & diversity    Ethical standards    Product governance    Appendix

35	 GSK Responsible Business Performance Report 2024
March 2025
Product governance continued
During 2024, we had two Class I product and two Class II product 
recalls. We engaged with regulators and responded quickly to 
prioritise patient safety. We will not hesitate to recall products 
voluntarily if necessary to protect patients.
Supply chain quality management 
We expect all our contract manufacturers and suppliers to 
comply with GSK standards and we conduct quality audits of 
contract manufacturers and suppliers to verify that they do so. 
We carried out 1,192 such audits in 2024.
We have a comprehensive quality oversight model for suppliers, 
which uses a risk-based approach to assess, qualify, manage and 
monitor our third-party suppliers on an ongoing basis. Aligned to 
our Quality Management System, it helps to drive continuous 
performance among our suppliers.
 
Pharmacovigilance 
Our well-established and rigorous pharmacovigilance system 
monitors and reviews the safety of our products throughout 
clinical development and after regulatory approval. This system is 
designed to ensure patient care and safety when using our 
marketed and investigational medicines and vaccines. We also 
use this system to provide reliable, comprehensive information on 
our products’ overall benefit-risk balance, helping to support 
public health programmes.
We expect our partners to meet the same high standards of 
safety governance. We conduct reviews of third-party safety 
systems, monitor contractual obligations and foster collaboration 
throughout the life cycle of the relationship. 
  gsk.com: Our position on pharmacovigilance
Tackling counterfeit medicines and vaccines 
Falsified products are a threat to the health of patients and to our 
brand and reputation. We report all cases of confirmed 
counterfeit products to the WHO and to relevant regulatory 
authorities. Moreover, we actively participate in legal proceedings 
against illegal actors, and support customs and local authorities 
with regular training. We monitor online marketplaces and social 
media to request takedowns of sites illicitly selling prescription-
only medicines.
  gsk.com: Our position on falsified and substandard healthcare 
products
Clinical data transparency 
We are committed to transparency of data from clinical studies that 
evaluate our medicines and vaccines, because we want to enable 
access to information about our research to study participants, 
patients, healthcare providers and the wider public. It also allows us 
to acknowledge the invaluable contribution of the people who take 
part in our clinical research.
Clinical trial transparency is an area that is becoming increasingly 
regulated globally. Our policy regarding the disclosure of human 
subject research enables us to comply with international regulations 
and balances our commitment to transparency with the increasing 
need to ensure that our data assets are appropriately protected.
In the past two years, we have broadened our policy to encompass 
the dissemination of plain language summaries of our trial results to 
both trial participants and the general public. This applies to trials 
starting after 1 January 2023. 
Since the GSK trial register was set up in 2004, we have made 8,036 
protocol summaries and 7,029 summaries of results available. We 
have also listed 2,721 clinical trials for data sharing via www.vivli.org.
  gsk.com: Our position on disclosure of clinical research 
Our approach    Our culture    Access    Global health    Environment    Inclusion & diversity    Ethical standards    Product governance    Appendix

36	 GSK Responsible Business Performance Report 2024
March 2025
Product governance continued
2021
2022
2023
2024
Regulatory inspections and audits
Audits of our third parties’ quality processes
1,044
 1,0891
1,081
1,192
      
Total regulatory inspections from all health authorities
111
122
114
104
 PR  A
% of inspections from all regulators with no critical findings or official action indicated
100%
99%
100%
96%
 PR  A
Total regulatory inspections from FDA/MHRA/EMA regulators
35
36
32
27
 PR  A
Number of critical/major findings by FDA/MHRA/EMA regulators
4
26
11
37
 PR  A
Total FDA regulatory inspections
2
8
5
10
 PR  A
Number of FDA observations
1
16
8
29
 PR  A
Number of FDA warning letters
0
0
0
0
 PR  A
Product recalls
Total number of Class I external product recalls
0
0
2
2
 PR  A
Total number of Class II external product recalls
6
5
3
2
 PR  A
Total number of Class III external product recalls
12
7
11
9
 PR  A
Total product recalls
18
12
16
13
        A
FDA product recalls by business and class2
Pharmaceuticals business
Class I product recalls
0
0
0
0
 PR  A
Class II product recalls
0
0
0
0
 PR  A
Class III product recalls
0
1
1
1
        A
Vaccines business
Class I product recalls
0
0
1
0
 PR  A
Class II product recalls
1
0
0
0
 PR  A
Class III product recalls
1
0
1
0
        A
Clinical trial management, pharmacovigilance and transparency
Clinical trial audits (on our own trials and those conducted by third parties on our behalf)
294
339
286
268
Number of FDA sponsor inspections related to clinical trial management and pharmacovigilance 
that resulted in voluntary action indicated (VAI)
0
0
0
0
Number of FDA sponsor inspections related to clinical trial management and pharmacovigilance 
that resulted in official action indicated (OAI)
0
0
0
0
Clinical study reports/study report synopses on GSK and ViiV study register5
48
35
99
75
Trials for which anonymised data will be made available upon meeting defined eligibility criteria5
51
40
111
51
Research proposals approved for access to GSK and ViiV clinical trial data5
16
34
22
15
Human subject research of GSK products: percentage of protocol summaries initiated in current 
year registered and results disclosed in the current year3,4
–
100%
100%
100%
 PR
Publicly available trial protocol summaries (register)5
7,290
7,377
7,988
8,036
 PR  
Publicly available trial result summaries (disclose)5
6,239
6,295
6,734
7,029
 PR  
PR   Metric contributes to our Responsible Business Performance Rating.
A   Metric’s 2024 data has been independently assured.
1	 2022 figure has been revised.
2	 This data includes recalls in the US market which may be initiated voluntarily by GSK, requested by the US FDA or mandated by the US FDA under its 
statutory authority.
3	 From 2023, these figures include ViiV Healthcare data in addition to GSK data. 
4	 This metric was created and first reported in 2022. For 2024, the measurement considers interventional clinical trials with human participants and the 
number of all protocol summaries registered (64) and results summaries disclosed (40) was independently assured.
5	 2021 and 2022 figures are cumulative summaries for GSK from 2004; 2023 and 2024 figures also include cumulative figures from ViiV Healthcare from 2009.
Our approach    Our culture    Access    Global health    Environment    Inclusion & diversity    Ethical standards    Product governance    Appendix

37	 GSK Responsible Business Performance Report 2024
March 2025
2021
2022
2023
2024
Hiring
Total number of new hires
11,110
12,513
10,730
8,142
% of open positions filled by internal candidates
34.0%
 31.4%
29.9%
39.5%
Employee turnover
Overall turnover 
15.2%
13.3%
10.0%
10.8%         A
Turnover of voluntary leavers2
7.8%
7.3%
5.5%
5.3%
% of all permanent leavers that were male3
49.0%
54.1%
56.7%
53.1%
% of all permanent leavers that were female3
50.9%
45.6%
42.9%
46.7%
Workforce breakdown by age (permanent employees)
< 30 years old
13.0%
13.1%
12.8%
12.2%
30-50 years old 
61.3%
60.9%
63.2%
63.1%
> 50 years old
25.7%
26.0%
23.8%
24.7%
Engagement
Employee surveys engagement score
78%
81%
81%
81%4
Talent and leadership development
Number of graduates recruited through the GSK Graduate Programme
139
161
162
151
Number of postgraduates recruited through our Esprit and Scientific Leaders programme
6
13
4
2
Number of apprentices recruited
68
67
57
51
A   Metric’s 2024 data has been independently assured.
People disclosures
A positive experience at work is critical to attract, retain and 
motivate the best people. We want our workplace to embrace 
everyone’s unique differences and encourage growth and 
development in a safe environment so that people can perform 
at their best at work. For more information around how we put 
our people at the heart of our success, please see page 8, and 
for further detail on our focus on inclusion and diversity, see 
page 27.
Freedom of association
We are respectful of the right of colleagues to join an 
independent trade union, to collectively bargain and to freedom 
of association. Of our global employee population, 32% are 
covered by collective bargaining arrangements and 16% have 
declared that they are a member of a union.1 We also invest 
heavily in formal information and consultation arrangements, 
which actively involve and provide additional Employee Voice to 
a higher proportion of our colleagues.
Keeping our people safe 
We care deeply about the health and safety of our employees, 
complementary workers and everyone that works at or visits our 
sites. Our commitment is that everyone goes home safely. Our 
12 Life Saving Rules have been embedded throughout our 
company. Responsibilities for safety as leaders and as individuals 
have been reviewed at all levels of the organisation. Risk 
assessments are a key part of the environment, health and safety 
control framework that governs our approach to identifying and 
controlling hazards. We conduct health and safety training for our 
people, specific to whether they are working from an office, a lab, 
at a manufacturing site or in our commercial operations. Recent 
key initiatives have included safety leadership, contractor safety 
and driver safety. The Contractor Safety Programme continues 
across all GSK operations as a management system to reduce the 
risks associated with services performed by contractors. Our 
commitment is resulting in continued improvements.
  gsk.com: Policy on environment, health and safety
1	 In certain markets, data is unavailable due to privacy reasons.
2	 Calculated as the number of permanent employees that voluntarily left GSK divided by the average permanent headcount in the reporting year.
3	 Calculated as the number of permanent employees that left GSK for any reason within the period that were male or female, divided by the total number 
of permanent leavers that left for any reason within the period.
4	 Employee surveys response rate was 88% in 2024. 
Our approach    Our culture    Access    Global health    Environment    Inclusion & diversity    Ethical standards    Product governance    Appendix
Appendix

38	 GSK Responsible Business Performance Report 2024
March 2025
2021
2022
2023
2024
Health and safety
Number of fatalities (employees and complementary workers under GSK direct supervision)
0
0
0
0
        A
Number of fatalities (contractors not under GSK direct supervision)
0
0
0
0
        A
Reportable injuries with lost time
133
144
195
204
        A
Reportable illnesses with lost time
5
8
371
22
        A
Lost time reportable injury rate (per 100,000 hours worked)
0.09
0.10
0.13
0.14
        A
Lost time reportable illness rate (per 100,000 hours worked)
0
0.01
0.02
0.02
        A
Reportable injuries with and without lost time
190
214
292
300
        A
Reportable illnesses with and without lost time
42
32
731
47
        A
Reportable injury rate (per 100,000 hours worked)
0.13
0.15
0.19
0.21
        A
Reportable illness rate (per 100,000 hours worked)
0.03
0.02
0.05
0.03
        A
Reportable injury and illness rate (per 100,000 hours worked)1
0.15
0.17
0.24
0.24
        A
Hours worked (m)
151
147
151
141
        A
A   Metric’s 2024 data has been independently assured.
Appendix continued
1	  2023 figures revised, no material impact to other data points in which this number is part of the calculation.
Our approach    Our culture    Access    Global health    Environment    Inclusion & diversity    Ethical standards    Product governance    Appendix

39	 GSK Responsible Business Performance Report 2024
March 2025
GRI guidelines and SASB index
GRI indicator
Description
Where to find the information 
General disclosures
2-1
Organisational details
Legal name: GSK plc
Ownership: Annual Report – Share capital and share price, 
page 268
HQ address: London, WC1A 1DG
Operations: Annual Report – Business model, pages 8-9
2-2
Entities included in the organisation’s sustainability reporting
GSK plc
2-3
Reporting period, frequency and contact point
Sustainability and financial annual reporting period: 1 January 
2024 to 31 December 2024 
Report publication: 27 February 2025
Contact: csr.contact@gsk.com
2-4
Restatements of information
Demerger: 2019-21 comparative results restated to reflect the 
demerger of our Consumer Healthcare business, unless 
otherwise specified.
Other restatements of information are detailed where relevant 
for specific data points throughout the report.
2-5
External assurance
Independent limited assurance statements, page 47
2-6
Activities, value chain and other business relationships
Sector: Healthcare, Pharmaceuticals
Annual report, Business model, pages 2-3
2-7
Employees
Full-time employees (FTEs) as of 31 December 2024, page 2
Annual Report – Employees by gender, page 80. 
2-8
Workers who are not employees
Not reported
2-9
Governance structure and composition
Annual Report – The Board and GSK Leadership team, page 113
Annual Report – Corporate governance architecture, page 122
2-10
Nomination and selection of the highest governance body
Annual Report – Nominations & Corporate Governance 
Committee report, page 134
2-11
Chair of the highest governance body
GSK has an independent non-executive Chair of the Board
2-12
Role of the highest governance body in overseeing the 
management of impacts
Annual Report – Corporate Responsibility Committee report, 
page 137
2-13
Delegation of responsibility for managing impacts
Annual Report – Corporate Responsibility Committee report, 
page 137
2-14
Role of the highest governance body in sustainability reporting
Our Responsible Business Performance Report is reviewed by 
both GSK Leadership Team and the Board
2-15
Conflicts of interest
Annual Report – Directors’ conflicts of interest, page 185
2-16
Communication of critical concerns
Annual Report – Board committee reports, page 134
2-17
Collective knowledge of the highest governance body
Annual Report – The Board and GSK Leadership team  page 113
2-18
Evaluation of the performance of the highest governance body
Annual Report – Board performance, page 120
2-19
Remuneration policies
Annual Report – Annual report on remuneration, pages 146-175
2-20
Process to determine remuneration
Annual Report – Annual report on remuneration, pages 146-175
2-21
Annual total compensation ratio
Annual Report – Annual report on remuneration, pages 146-175
2-22
Statement on sustainable development strategy
Annual Report – CEO's statement, page 8
2-23
Policy commitments
Policy positions, including on human rights. Policies are 
approved at GSK Leadership Team level and apply at 
Group-level.
2-24
Embedding policy commitments
Corporate responsibility committee
2-25
Processes to remediate negative impacts
Annual Report – Principal risks and uncertainties, page 310
Ethical standards, Responsible Business Performance Report 
2024, page 29
Ethics and compliance grievance mechanisms
2-26
Mechanisms for seeking advice and raising concerns
Ethical standards, Responsible Business Performance Report 
2024, page 29
Grievance mechanisms
Appendix continued
Our approach    Our culture    Access    Global health    Environment    Inclusion & diversity    Ethical standards    Product governance    Appendix

40	 GSK Responsible Business Performance Report 2024
March 2025
GRI indicator
Description
Where to find the information 
2-27
Compliance with laws and regulations
Annual Report – Audit & Risk Committee report, page 139
2-28
Membership associations
Trade association memberships
2-29
Approach to stakeholder engagement
Stakeholder engagement, Responsible Business Performance 
Report 2024, page 4
2-30
Collective bargaining agreements
People disclosures, Responsible Business Performance Report 
2024, page 37
Position on human rights 
3-1
Process to determine material topics
Materiality Assessment
3-2
List of material topics
Materiality Assessment
3-3
Management of material topics
Materiality Assessment
Economic performance
201-1
Direct economic value generated and distributed
Annual Report – Financial statements, page 163
201-2
Financial implications and other risks and opportunities due to 
climate change
Annual Report – Risk management, page 62
Annual Report – TCFD, page 67
201-3
Defined benefit plan obligations and other retirement plans
Annual Report – Annual report on remuneration, page 139-160
201-4
Financial assistance received from government
Annual Report – Financial statements, page 185
Annual Report – Share capital and control, page 253
Anti-corruption
205-1
Operations assessed for risks related to corruption
Annual Report – Risk management, page 57
205-2
Communication and training about anti-corruption policies 
and procedures
Ethical standards, Responsible Business Performance Report 
2024, pages 29-33
205-3
Confirmed incidents of corruption and actions taken
Ethical standards, Responsible Business Performance Report 
2024, pages 29-33
Tax
207-1
Approach to tax
GSK Tax strategy
207-2
Tax governance, control, and risk management
GSK Tax strategy
207-3
Stakeholder engagement and management of concerns 
related to tax
GSK Tax strategy
207-4
Country-by-country reporting
GSK Tax strategy
Energy
302-1
Energy consumption within the organisation
Environment, Responsible Business Performance Report 2024, 
page 24 
Environment, Basis of reporting, Environmental Data 2024
302-2
Energy consumption outside of the organisation
Environment, Responsible Business Performance Report 2024, 
page 24
Environment, Basis of reporting
302-3
Energy intensity
Annual Report, TCFD, page 76
Environment, Basis of reporting
302-4
Reduction of energy consumption
Environment, Responsible Business Performance Report 2024, 
pages 19-26
Environment, Basis of reporting
302-5
Reductions in energy requirements of products and services
Environment, Responsible Business Performance Report 2024, 
pages 19-26
Environment, Basis of reporting
Water
303-1
Interactions with water as a shared resource
Environment, Responsible Business Performance Report 2024, 
Pages 19-26, Annual Report, TNFD, pages 76-79
303-2
Management of water discharge-related impacts
Environment, Basis of reporting
303-3
Water withdrawal
Environment, Responsible Business Performance Report 2024, 
Pages 18-25, Annual Report, TNFD, pages 76-79
Environment, Basis of reporting
303-4
Water discharge
Environment, Responsible Business Performance Report 2024, 
Pages 18-25, Annual Report, TNFD, pages 76-79
Environment, Basis of reporting
303-5
Water consumption
Environment, Responsible Business Performance Report 2024, 
Pages 19-26, Annual Report, TNFD, pages 76-79
Environment, Basis of reporting
 
Appendix continued
Our approach    Our culture    Access    Global health    Environment    Inclusion & diversity    Ethical standards    Product governance    Appendix

41	 GSK Responsible Business Performance Report 2024
March 2025
Appendix continued
GRI indicator
Description
Where to find the information 
Biodiversity
3-3
Management of material topics
Materiality assessment
304-1
Operational sites owned, leased, managed in, or adjacent to, 
protected areas and areas of high biodiversity value outside 
protected areas
Annual Report, TNFD, pages 76-79
304-2
Significant impacts of activities, products and services on 
biodiversity
Environment, Responsible Business Performance Report 2024, 
pages 19-26, Annual Report, TNFD, pages 76-79
304-3
Habitats protected or restored
Environment, Responsible Business Performance Report 2024, 
pages 19-26, Annual Report, TNFD, pages 76-79
304-4
IUCN Red List species and national conservation list species 
with habitats in areas affected by operations
Not reported
Emissions
305-1
Direct (Scope 1) GHG emissions
Environment, Responsible Business Performance Report 2024, 
page 24 
Environment, Basis of reporting, Environmental Data 2024
305-2
Energy indirect (Scope 2) GHG emissions
Environment, Responsible Business Performance Report 2024, 
page 24
Environment, Basis of reporting, Environmental Data 2024
305-3
Other indirect (Scope 3) GHG emissions
Environment, Responsible Business Performance Report 2024, 
pages 19-26
Environment, Basis of reporting, Environmental Data 2024
305-4
GHG emissions intensity
Annual Report, TCFD, page 76
Environment, Basis of reporting, Environmental Data 2024
305-5
Reduction of GHG emissions
Environment, Responsible Business Performance Report 2024, 
pages 19-26
Environment, Basis of reporting, Environmental Data 2024
305-6
Emissions of ozone-depleting substances (ODS)
Environment, Responsible Business Performance Report 2024, 
pages 19-26
Environment, Basis of reporting, Environmental Data 2024
305-7
Nitrogen oxides (NOx), sulfur oxides (SOx), and other significant 
air emissions
Not reported
Waste
306-1
Waste generation and significant waste-related impacts
Environment, Responsible Business Performance Report 2024, 
pages 19-26
306-2
Management of significant waste-related impacts
Environment, Responsible Business Performance Report 2024, 
pages 19-26
Environment, Basis of reporting
306-3
Waste generated
Environment, Responsible Business Performance Report 2024, 
pages 19-26
Environment, Basis of reporting
306-4
Waste diverted from disposal
Environment, Responsible Business Performance Report 2024, 
pages 19-26
Environment, Basis of reporting
306-5
Waste directed to disposal
Environment, Responsible Business Performance Report 2024, 
pages 19-26
Supplier environmental assessment
308-1
New suppliers that were screened using environmental 
criteria
Ethical standards, Responsible Business Performance Report 
2024, pages 29-31
308-2
Negative environmental impacts in the supply chain and 
actions taken
Ethical standards, Responsible Business Performance Report 
2024, pages 29-31
Employment
401-1
New employee hires and employee turnover
People disclosures, Responsible Business Performance Report 
2024, page 37
401-2
Benefits provided to full-time employees that are not 
provided to temporary or part-time employees
Life at GSK
401-3
Parental leave
Not reported
 
Our approach    Our culture    Access    Global health    Environment    Inclusion & diversity    Ethical standards    Product governance    Appendix

42	 GSK Responsible Business Performance Report 2024
March 2025
Appendix continued
GRI indicator
Description
Where to find the information 
Occupational health and safety
403-1
Occupational health and safety management system
GSK EHS policy
403-2
Hazard identification, risk assessment, and incident 
investigation
GSK EHS policy
403-3
Occupational health services
GSK EHS policy
403-4
Worker participation, consultation, and communication on 
occupational health and safety
GSK EHS policy
403-5
Worker training on occupational health and safety
GSK EHS policy
403-6
Promotion of worker health
GSK EHS policy
403-7
Prevention and mitigation of occupational health and safety 
impacts directly linked by business relationships
GSK EHS policy
403-8
Workers covered by an occupational health and safety 
management system
GSK EHS policy
403-9
Work-related injuries
People disclosures, Responsible Business Performance Report 
2024, pages 37-38 GSK EHS policy
403-10
Work-related ill health
Diversity and equal opportunity
405-1
Diversity of governance bodies and employees
Inclusion and diversity, Responsible Business Performance 
Report, page 28
405-2
Ratio of basic salary and remuneration of women to men
GSK UK Gender pay gap report 
Non-discrimination
3-3
Management of material topics
Materiality assessment
Human rights and labour rights
407-1
Operations and suppliers in which the right to freedom 
of association and collective bargaining may be at risk
GSK position on human rights
408-1
Operations and suppliers at significant risk for incidents 
of child labour
GSK position on human rights
Modern Slavery Act statement
409-1
Operations and suppliers at significant risk for incidents 
of forced or compulsory labour
GSK position on human rights
Modern Slavery Act statement
414-1
New suppliers that were screened using social criteria
Ethical standards, Responsible Business Performance Report 
2024, pages 29-33
414-2
Negative social impacts in the supply chain and actions 
taken
Ethical standards, Responsible Business Performance Report 
2024 pages 29-33
Public policy
415-1
Political contributions
Political advocacy disclosure
Customer health and safety
416-1
Assessment of the health and safety impacts of product and 
service categories
Product governance, Responsible Business Performance Report 
2024, pages 34-46
416-2
Incidents of non-compliance concerning the health and 
safety impacts of products and services
Product governance, Responsible Business Performance Report 
2024, pages 34-46
Customer privacy
3-3
Management of material topics
Materiality assessment
Marketing and labelling
417-1
Requirements for product and service information and 
labelling
Our code of practice
417-2
Incidents of non-compliance concerning product and service 
information and labelling
Product governance, Responsible Business Performance Report 
2024, pages 34-36
417-3
Incidents of non-compliance concerning marketing 
communications
Product governance, Responsible Business Performance Report 
2024, pages 34-36
 
Our approach    Our culture    Access    Global health    Environment    Inclusion & diversity    Ethical standards    Product governance    Appendix

43	 GSK Responsible Business Performance Report 2024
March 2025
Appendix continued
SASB indicator
Description
Where to find the information 
Safety of clinical trial participants
HC-BP-210a.1
Discussion, by region, of management process for ensuring 
quality and patient safety during clinical trials
"Our position on "Approach to Clinical Trials"
HC-BP-210a.2
Number of inspections related to clinical trial management 
and pharmacovigilance that resulted in: (1) entity voluntary 
remediation or (2) regulatory or administrative actions taken 
against the entity
Clinical data transparency, Responsible Business Performance 
Report 2024, pages 34-36 
Available via the FDA Inspection Citation page
Access to medicines
HC-BP-240a.1
Description of actions and initiatives to promote access to 
health care products for priority diseases and in priority 
countries as defined by the Access to Medicine Index
Access, Responsible Business Performance Report 2024, 
pages 11-15
HC-BP-240a.2
List of products on the WHO List of Prequalified Medicinal 
Products as part of its Prequalification of Medicines 
Programme (PQP)
List of products, Responsible Business Performance Report 2024 
pages 45-46
Global health and health security, Responsible Business 
Performance Report 2024, pages 15-17
Affordability and pricing
HC-BP-240b.2
Percentage change in: (1) weighted average list price and (2) 
weighted average net price across product portfolio 
compared to previous reporting period
Access, Responsible Business Performance Report 2024, 
page 11
HC-BP-240b.3
Percentage change in: (1) list price and (2) net price of 
product with largest increase compared to previous 
reporting period
Access, Responsible Business Performance Report 2024, 
pages 11,14
Drug safety
HC-BP-250a.1
Products listed in public medical product safety or adverse 
event alert databases
Available via the FDA
HC-BP-250a.2
Number of fatalities associated with products
Available via the FDA
HC-BP-250a.3
(1) Number of recalls issued, (2) total units recalled
Product governance, Responsible Business Performance Report 
2024, pages 34-36
HC-BP-250a.4
Total amount of product accepted for takeback, reuse, or 
disposal
Not reported
HC-BP-250a.5
Number of enforcement actions taken in response to 
violations of good manufacturing practices (GMP) or 
equivalent standards, by type
Inspections, recalls and audit, Responsible Business 
Performance Report 2024, pages 34-36
Counterfeit drugs
HC-BP-260a.1
Description of methods and technologies used to maintain 
traceability of products throughout the supply chain and 
prevent counterfeiting
Product governance, Responsible Business Performance Report 
2024, pages 34-36
Position on falsified and
substandard healthcare products
HC-BP-260a.2
Discussion of process for alerting customers and business 
partners of potential or known risks associated with 
counterfeit products
Product governance, Responsible Business Performance Report 
2024, pages 34-36
Position on falsified and
substandard healthcare products
HC-BP-260a.3
Number of actions that led to raids, seizure, arrests, and/or 
filing of criminal charges related to counterfeit products
Not reported 
Ethical marketing
HC-BP-270a.1
Total amount of monetary losses as a result of legal 
proceedings associated with false marketing claims
Not reported 
HC-BP-270a.2
Description of code of ethics governing promotion of 
off-label use of products
Code of practice for promotional and non-promotional external 
interactions
Employee recruitment, development and retention
HC-BP-330a.1
Discussion of talent recruitment and retention efforts for 
scientists and research and development personnel
Our culture and people, Responsible Business Performance 
Report 2024, pages 9-10
HC-BP-330a.2
(1) Voluntary and (2) involuntary turnover rate for: 
(a) executives/senior managers, (b) mid-level managers, 
(c) professionals, and (d) all others
People disclosures, Responsible Business Performance Report 
2024, pages 37-38
Our approach    Our culture    Access    Global health    Environment    Inclusion & diversity    Ethical standards    Product governance    Appendix

44	 GSK Responsible Business Performance Report 2024
March 2025
Appendix continued
SASB indicator
Description
Where to find the information 
Supply chain management
HC-BP-430a.1
Percentage of (1) entity’s facilities and (2) Tier I suppliers’ 
facilities participating in the Rx-360 International 
Pharmaceutical Supply Chain Consortium audit programme 
or equivalent third-party audit programmes for integrity of 
supply chain and ingredients
GSK is a member of Rx 360 and also conducts audits of third 
parties
Working with third parties, Responsible Business Performance 
Report 2024,  page 31
Business ethics
HC-BP-510a.1
Total amount of monetary losses as a result of legal 
proceedings associated with corruption and bribery
Not reported 
HC-BP-510a.2
Description of code of ethics governing interactions with 
healthcare professionals
Engagement with healthcare professionals
Activity metrics
HC-BP-000.A
Number of patients treated
Access, Responsible Business Performance Report 2024, 
pages 11-15
HC-BP-000.B
Number of drugs (1) in portfolio and (2) in research and 
development (Phases 1-3)
Annual Report – Product development pipeline, page 31
Our approach    Our culture    Access    Global health    Environment    Inclusion & diversity    Ethical standards    Product governance    Appendix

45	 GSK Responsible Business Performance Report 2024
March 2025
Type, form and presentation
Date of prequalification
Vaccines
Engerix
Hepatitis B – Liquid: ready to use vial (one dose)
Thursday, 1 January 1987
Engerix
Hepatitis B – Liquid: ready to use vial (10 doses)
Thursday, 1 January 1987
Engerix
Hepatitis B – Liquid: ready to use vial (20 doses)
Thursday, 1 January 1987
Priorix
Measles, Mumps and Rubella – Lyophilised active component to be reconstituted 
with excipient diluent before use vial (one dose)
Friday, 9 March 2001
Rotarix
Rotavirus – Liquid: ready to use plastic tube (one dose)
Thursday, 12 March 2009
Rotarix
Rotavirus – Liquid: ready to use applicator (one dose)
Thursday, 12 March 2009
Cervarix
Human Papillomavirus (Bivalent) – Liquid: ready to use vial (one dose)
Wednesday, 8 July 2009
Cervarix
Human Papillomavirus (Bivalent) – Liquid: ready to use vial (two doses)
Wednesday, 8 July 2009
Polio Sabin Mono T1
Polio Vaccine – Oral (OPV) Monovalent Type 1 – Liquid: ready to use vial (10 doses)
Thursday, 29 October 2009
Polio Sabin Mono T1
Polio Vaccine – Oral (OPV) Monovalent Type 1 – Liquid: ready to use vial (20 doses)
Thursday, 29 October 2009
Polio Sabin One and Three
Polio Vaccine – Oral (OPV) Bivalent Types 1 and 3 – Liquid: ready to use vial (10 doses)
Thursday, 29 October 2009
Polio Sabin One and Three
Polio Vaccine – Oral (OPV) Bivalent Types 1 and 3 – Liquid: ready to use vial (20 doses) Thursday, 29 October 2009
Synflorix
Pneumococcal (conjugate) – Liquid: ready to use vial (one dose)
Friday, 30 October 2009
Synflorix
Pneumococcal (conjugate) – Liquid: ready to use vial (two doses)
Friday, 19 March 2010
Polio Sabin Mono Three (oral)
Polio Vaccine – Oral (OPV) Monovalent Type 3 – Liquid: ready to use vial (10 doses)
Tuesday, 5 October 2010
Polio Sabin Mono Three (oral)
Polio Vaccine – Oral (OPV) Monovalent Type 3 – Liquid: ready to use vial (20 doses)
Tuesday, 5 October 2010
Polio Sabin Mono Two (oral)
Polio Vaccine – Oral (OPV) Monovalent Type 2 – Liquid: ready to use vial (20 doses)
Wednesday, 11 May 2011
Polio Sabin Mono Two (oral)
Polio Vaccine – Oral (OPV) Monovalent Type 2 – Liquid: ready to use vial (10 doses)
Wednesday, 11 May 2011
Priorix
Measles, Mumps and Rubella – Lyophilised active component to be reconstituted with 
excipient diluent before use vial (two doses)
Wednesday, 21 December 2011
Havrix 1440 Adult
Hepatitis A (Human Diploid Cell), Inactivated (Adult) – Liquid: ready to use vial 
(one dose)
Friday, 19 July 2013
Havrix 720 Junior
Hepatitis A (Human Diploid Cell), Inactivated (Paediatric) – Liquid: ready to use vial 
(one dose)
Friday, 19 July 2013
Boostrix
Diphtheria-Tetanus-Pertussis (acellular) – Liquid: ready to use vial (one dose)
Tuesday, 9 July 2013
Menveo
Meningococcal ACYW-135 (conjugate vaccine) – Lyophilised active component to be 
reconstituted with liquid active component before use. Two vial set (one dose)
Wednesday, 31 July 2013
Synflorix
Pneumococcal (conjugate) – Liquid: ready to use vial (four doses)
Monday, 16 October 2017
Rotarix
Rotavirus – Liquid: ready to use plastic tube (five doses)
Thursday, 14 February 2019
Mosquirix
Plasmodium falciparum (Malaria) and Hepatitis B (recombinant, adjuvanted) – 
Liquid active component to be mixed with second component before use. Two vial 
set (two doses)
Friday, 15 July 2022
Tafenoquine
Malaria – Tablet, Film-coated 150mg
Monday, 28 October 2024
Tafenoquine
Malaria – Tablet, Dispersible 50mg
Monday, 2 December 2024
List of products on the WHO List of Prequalified Medicinal Products and Vaccines as part of its 
Prequalification of Medicines Programme (PQP)
Appendix continued
Our approach    Our culture    Access    Global health    Environment    Inclusion & diversity    Ethical standards    Product governance    Appendix

46	 GSK Responsible Business Performance Report 2024
March 2025
List of products on the WHO List of Prequalified Medicinal Products and Vaccines as part of its Prequalification of 
Medicines Programme (PQP)
Pharmaceuticals
Abacavir (sulfate)
HIV – ViiV Healthcare – HA106 (a)
20 March 2002
Abacavir (sulfate)
HIV – ViiV Healthcare – HA107 (a)
20 March 2002
Zidovudine
HIV – ViiV Healthcare – HA108 (a)
29 May 2002
Zidovudine
HIV – ViiV Healthcare – HA109 (a)
29 May 2002
Lamivudine/Zidovudine
HIV – ViiV Healthcare – HA110 (a)
20 March 2002
Zidovudine
HIV – ViiV Healthcare – HA114 (a)
20 March 2002
Zidovudine
HIV – ViiV Healthcare – HA115 (a)
20 March 2002
Lamivudine
HIV – ViiV Healthcare – HA117 (a)
20 March 2002
Lamivudine
HIV – ViiV Healthcare – HA128 (a)
20 March 2002
Dolutegravir (Sodium)
HIV – ViiV Healthcare – HA634 (a)
14 October 2014
Abacavir (sulfate)/Lamivudine
HIV – ViiV Healthcare – HA706 (a)
19 June 2018
Dolutegravir (Sodium)
HIV – ViiV Healthcare – HA768 (a)
1 July 2021
Cabotegravir (Sodium)
HIV – ViiV Healthcare – HA788 (a)
22 December 2023
Cabotegravir (Sodium)
HIV – ViiV Healthcare – HA789 (a)
22 December 2023
Zanamivir
Influenza – GSK – IN007 (a)
22 September 2009
Appendix continued
Our approach    Our culture    Access    Global health    Environment    Inclusion & diversity    Ethical standards    Product governance    Appendix



/ŶĚĞƉĞŶĚĞŶƚůŝŵŝƚĞĚƐƐƵƌĂŶĐĞZĞƉŽƌƚƚŽƚŚĞŝƌĞĐƚŽƌƐŽĨ'^<ƉůĐ
/ŶĚĞƉĞŶĚĞŶƚůŝŵŝƚĞĚƐƐƵƌĂŶĐĞZĞƉŽƌƚďǇĞůŽŝƚƚĞ>>WƚŽƚŚĞŝƌĞĐƚŽƌƐŽĨ'^<ƉůĐŽŶƐĞůĞĐƚĞĚ
ŶǀŝƌŽŶŵĞŶƚĂů͕^ŽĐŝĂůand Governance (“^'”)ŵĞƚƌŝĐƐ(the “Selected Information”) within ƚŚĞŶŶƵĂů
ZĞƉŽƌƚĂŶĚZĞƐƉŽŶƐŝďůĞƵƐŝŶĞƐƐWĞƌĨŽƌŵĂŶĐĞZĞƉŽƌƚĨŽƌƚŚĞƌĞƉŽƌƚŝŶŐǇĞĂƌĞŶĚĞĚϯϭĞĐĞŵďĞƌ
ϮϬϮϰ͘
KKƵƌĂƐƐƵƌĂŶĐĞĐŽŶĐůƵƐŝŽŶ
ĂƐĞĚŽŶŽƵƌƉƌŽĐĞĚƵƌĞƐĚĞƐĐƌŝďĞĚŝŶƚŚŝƐƌĞƉŽƌƚ͕ĂŶĚĞǀŝĚĞŶĐĞǁĞŚĂǀĞŽďƚĂŝŶĞĚ͕ŶŽƚŚŝŶŐŚĂƐĐŽŵĞ
ƚŽŽƵƌĂƚƚĞŶƚŝŽŶƚŚĂƚĐĂƵƐĞƐƵƐƚŽďĞůŝĞǀĞƚŚĂƚƚŚĞ^ĞůĞĐƚĞĚ/ŶĨŽƌŵĂƚŝŽŶĨŽƌƚŚĞǇĞĂƌĞŶĚĞĚϯϭ
ĞĐĞŵďĞƌϮϬϮϰ͕ĂŶĚĂƐůŝƐƚĞĚďĞůŽǁĂŶĚŝŶĚŝĐĂƚĞĚǁŝƚŚĂŶ;ͿŝŶƚŚĞŶŶƵĂůZĞƉŽƌƚĂŶĚZĞƐƉŽŶƐŝďůĞ
ƵƐŝŶĞƐƐWĞƌĨŽƌŵĂŶĐĞZĞƉŽƌƚŚĂƐŶŽƚďĞĞŶƉƌĞƉĂƌĞĚ͕ŝŶĂůůŵĂƚĞƌŝĂůƌĞƐƉĞĐƚƐ͕ŝŶĂĐĐŽƌĚĂŶĐĞǁŝƚŚƚŚĞ
ĂƐŝƐŽĨZĞƉŽƌƚŝŶŐĚĞĨŝŶĞĚďǇƚŚĞĚŝƌĞĐƚŽƌƐĂƐƐĞƚŽƵƚĂƚResponsibility reports | GSK͘
ŵƉŚĂƐŝƐŽĨŵĂƚƚĞƌ
tĞĚƌĂǁĂƚƚĞŶƚŝŽŶƚŽƚŚĞǁŽƌĚŝŶŐĂĚĚĞĚŝŶƚŽthe “^ŽƵƌĐĞĂŶĚĐĂůĐƵůĂƚĞĚŵĞƚŚŽĚŽůŽŐǇ” section of 
ƉĂŐĞϵŽĨƚŚĞĞŶǀŝƌŽŶŵĞŶƚĂůĂƐŝƐŽĨZĞƉŽƌƚŝŶŐďǇ'^<ǁŚŝĐŚĚĞƐĐƌŝďĞƐĐŚĂŶŐĞƐŝŶƚŚĞŵĞƚƌŝĐ
ĐĂůĐƵůĂƚŝŽŶŵĞƚŚŽĚŽůŽŐǇĨŽƌ“ǀĞƌĂŐĞŽĨƚŚĞй'^<ƐŝƚĞƐĂŶĚƐƵƉƉůŝĞƌƐĐŽŵƉůŝĂŶƚǁŝƚŚǁĂƐƚĞǁĂƚĞƌW/
ůŝŵŝƚƐĂŶĚƚŚĞйŽĨƐŝƚĞƐĂŶĚƐƵƉƉůŝĞƌƐƚŚĂƚĂƌĞĐŽŵƉůŝĂŶƚǁŝƚŚDZ/ŶĚƵƐƚƌǇůůŝĂŶĐĞŽŵŵŽŶ
DĂŶƵĨĂĐƚƵƌŝŶŐ&ƌĂŵĞǁŽƌŬĂŶĚĚŝƐĐŚĂƌŐĞůŝŵŝƚƐ”͘KƵƌĐŽŶĐůƵƐŝŽŶŝƐŶŽƚŵŽĚŝĨŝĞĚŝŶƌĞƐƉĞĐƚŽĨƚŚŝƐ
ŵĂƚƚĞƌ͘
^^ĐŽƉĞŽĨŽƵƌǁŽƌŬ
'^<ƉůĐŚĂƐĞŶŐĂŐĞĚƵƐƚŽƉĞƌĨŽƌŵĂŶŝŶĚĞƉĞŶĚĞŶƚůŝŵŝƚĞĚĂƐƐƵƌĂŶĐĞĞŶŐĂŐĞŵĞŶƚŝŶĂĐĐŽƌĚĂŶĐĞǁŝƚŚ
/ŶƚĞƌŶĂƚŝŽŶĂů^ƚĂŶĚĂƌĚŽŶƐƐƵƌĂŶĐĞŶŐĂŐĞŵĞŶƚƐϯϬϬϬ;ZĞǀŝƐĞĚͿƐƐƵƌĂŶĐĞŶŐĂŐĞŵĞŶƚƐKƚŚĞƌƚŚĂŶ
ƵĚŝƚƐŽƌZĞǀŝĞǁƐŽĨ,ŝƐƚŽƌŝĐĂů&ŝŶĂŶĐŝĂů/ŶĨŽƌŵĂƚŝŽŶ(“ISAE 3000 (RevisĞĚͿĂŶĚƚŚĞ/ŶƚĞƌŶĂƚŝŽŶĂů
^ƚĂŶĚĂƌĚŽŶƐƐƵƌĂŶĐĞŶŐĂŐĞŵĞŶƚƐϯϰϭϬƐƐƵƌĂŶĐĞĞŶŐĂŐĞŵĞŶƚƐŽŶŐƌĞĞŶŚŽƵƐĞŐĂƐƐƚĂƚĞŵĞŶƚƐ
(“ISAE 3410”)issued by the International Auditing and Assurance Standards Board (“IAASB”)ĂŶĚŽƵƌ
ĂŐƌĞĞĚƚĞƌŵƐŽĨĞŶŐĂŐĞŵĞŶƚ͘
dŚĞ^ĞůĞĐƚĞĚ/ŶĨŽƌŵĂƚŝŽŶŝŶƐĐŽƉĞŽĨŽƵƌĞŶŐĂŐĞŵĞŶƚĨŽƌƚŚĞǇĞĂƌĞŶĚĞĚϯϭĞĐĞŵďĞƌϮϬϮϰ͕ĂƐ
ŝŶĚŝĐĂƚĞĚǁŝƚŚĂŶ;ͿŝŶƚŚĞŶŶƵĂůZĞƉŽƌƚĂŶĚZĞƐƉŽŶƐŝďůĞƵƐŝŶĞƐƐWĞƌĨŽƌŵĂŶĐĞZĞƉŽƌƚ͕ŝƐĂƐ
ĨŽůůŽǁƐ͗

ηη
^ĞůĞĐƚĞĚ/ŶĨŽƌŵĂƚŝŽŶ
ƐƐƵƌĞĚsĂůƵĞ
ϭ dŽƚĂů^ĐŽƉĞϭĞŵŝƐƐŝŽŶƐ;ƚŚŽƵƐĂŶĚƐŽĨƚŽŶŶĞƐKϮĞͿ
ϱϮϭ
Ϯ dŽƚĂů^ĐŽƉĞϮŵĂƌŬĞƚͲďĂƐĞĚĞŵŝƐƐŝŽŶƐ;ƚŚŽƵƐĂŶĚƐŽĨƚŽŶŶĞƐ
KϮĞͿ
ϰϰ
ϯ dŽƚĂů^ĐŽƉĞϮůŽĐĂƚŝŽŶͲďĂƐĞĚĞŵŝƐƐŝŽŶƐ;ƚŚŽƵƐĂŶĚƐŽĨ
ƚŽŶŶĞƐKϮĞͿ
Ϯϯϰ
ϰ dŽƚĂů^ĐŽƉĞϭĂŶĚϮŵĂƌŬĞƚͲďĂƐĞĚĞŵŝƐƐŝŽŶƐ;ƚŚŽƵƐĂŶĚƐŽĨ
ƚŽŶŶĞƐKϮĞͿ
ϱϲϱ
ϱ ŵŝƐƐŝŽŶƐĨƌŽŵƵƐĞŽĨƉƌŽƉĞůůĂŶƚͲďĂƐĞĚŝŶŚĂůĞƌƐďǇƉĂƚŝĞŶƚƐ
;ƚŚŽƵƐĂŶĚƐŽĨƚŽŶŶĞƐKϮĞͿ
ϰ͕ϲϰϬ
ϲ WĞƌĐĞŶƚĂŐĞŽĨĐĂƌďŽŶĐƌĞĚŝƚƐŝŶƉƌŽũĞĐƚƉŝƉĞůŝŶĞ
ϯϯй
ϳ ŽŵƉůĞƚĞůŝŶŝĐĂů^ƚƵĚŝĞƐƚŽĞŶĂďůĞĨŝůŝŶŐŽĨ>ŽǁĂƌďŽŶ
sĞŶƚŽůŝŶ
KŶƚƌĂĐŬ
ϴ WƵƌĐŚĂƐĞĚƌĞŶĞǁĂďůĞĞůĞĐƚƌŝĐŝƚǇ;'tŚͿ
ϴϱϮ




ϵ KŶͲƐŝƚĞƌĞŶĞǁĂďůǇŐĞŶĞƌĂƚĞĚĞůĞĐƚƌŝĐŝƚǇ;'tŚͿ
ϮϮ
ϭϬ dŽƚĂůĞŶĞƌŐǇĨŽƌŽƉĞƌĂƚŝŽŶƐ;'tŚͿ
Ϯ͕ϱϳϳ
ϭϭ dŽƚĂůǁĂƚĞƌƵƐĞ;ŵŝůůŝŽŶŵϯͿ
ϳ͘Ϭ
ϭϮ tĂƚĞƌƵƐĞĂƚŚŝŐŚǁĂƚĞƌƌŝƐŬƐŝƚĞƐ;ŵŝůůŝŽŶŵϯͿ
Ϭ͘ϯ
ϭϯ dŽƚĂůǁĂƐƚĞǁĂƚĞƌĚŝƐĐŚĂƌŐĞĚ;ŵŝůůŝŽŶŵϯͿ
ϲ͘ϯ
ϭϰ
ǀĞƌĂŐĞŽĨƚŚĞй'^<ƐŝƚĞƐĂŶĚƐƵƉƉůŝĞƌƐĐŽŵƉůŝĂŶƚǁŝƚŚ
ǁĂƐƚĞǁĂƚĞƌW/ůŝŵŝƚƐĂŶĚƚŚĞйŽĨƐŝƚĞƐĂŶĚƐƵƉƉůŝĞƌƐƚŚĂƚ
ĂƌĞĐŽŵƉůŝĂŶƚǁŝƚŚDZ/ŶĚƵƐƚƌǇůůŝĂŶĐĞŽŵŵŽŶ
DĂŶƵĨĂĐƚƵƌŝŶŐ&ƌĂŵĞǁŽƌŬĂŶĚĚŝƐĐŚĂƌŐĞůŝŵŝƚƐ
хϵϵй
ϭϱ dŽƚĂůǁĂƐƚĞŐĞŶĞƌĂƚĞĚ;ƚŚŽƵƐĂŶĚƚŽŶŶĞƐͿ
ϱϮ͘ϯ
ϭϲ WĞƌĐĞŶƚĂŐĞĐĞƌƚŝĨŝĞĚƐƵƐƚĂŝŶĂďůĞƉĂƉĞƌĂŶĚƉĂůŵŽŝů
ϵϯйͬϵϯй
ϭϳ WĞƌĐĞŶƚĂŐĞĐĞƌƚŝĨŝĞĚƐƵƐƚĂŝŶĂďůĞƉĂƉĞƌ
ϵϯй
ϭϴ WĞƌĐĞŶƚĂŐĞĐĞƌƚŝĨŝĞĚƐƵƐƚĂŝŶĂďůĞƉĂůŵŽŝů
ϵϯй
ϭϵ
йŽĨƉŚĂƐĞ///ƚƌŝĂůƐĐŽŵƉůĞƚŝŶŐĞŶƌŽůŵĞŶƚŝŶϮϬϮϰƚŚĂƚŚĂǀĞ
ŵĞƚŽƵƌƌĞƋƵŝƌĞĚƚŚƌĞƐŚŽůĚŽĨƚƌŝĂůƉĂƌƚŝĐŝƉĂŶƚƐ͕ĐŽŶƐŝƐƚĞŶƚ
ǁŝƚŚĚŝƐĞĂƐĞĞƉŝĚĞŵŝŽůŽŐǇ
ϴϴй
ϮϬ 'ĞŶĚĞƌŝǀĞƌƐŝƚǇͲйŽĨǁŽŵĞŶ;ĂůůĞŵƉůŽǇĞĞƐͿ
ϰϴй
Ϯϭ 'ĞŶĚĞƌŝǀĞƌƐŝƚǇͲ^sWͬsWůĞǀĞů;йͿ
ϰϴй
ϮϮ 'ĞŶĚĞƌŝǀĞƌƐŝƚǇͲdŽƚĂůǁŽŵĞŶŝŶŵĂŶĂŐĞŵĞŶƚ;йͿ
ϱϭй
Ϯϯ h^ĞƚŚŶŝĐĚŝǀĞƌƐŝƚǇͲйŽĨ^sWͬsW
ϯϴ͘ϯй
Ϯϰ h<ĞƚŚŶŝĐĚŝǀĞƌƐŝƚǇͲйŽĨ^sWͬsW
Ϯϭ͘ϴй
Ϯϱ /ŵƉƌŽǀĞǇĞĂƌŽŶǇĞĂƌƐƉĞŶĚǁŝƚŚh^ͲďĂƐĞĚĐĞƌƚŝĨŝĞĚ
ĚŝǀĞƌƐĞͲŽǁŶĞĚƐƵƉƉůŝĞƌƐ
/ŶĐƌĞĂƐĞĚǇĞĂƌͲŽŶͲǇĞĂƌƐƉĞŶĚ
ǁŝƚŚƐƵƉƉůŝĞƌƐŽǁŶĞĚďǇƉĞŽƉůĞŝŶ
ƵŶĚĞƌƌĞƉƌĞƐĞŶƚĞĚŐƌŽƵƉƐŝŶƚŚĞ
h^
Ϯϲ ŵƉůŽǇĞĞƐǁŚŽŚĂĚĐŽŶĐĞƌŶƐƌĂŝƐĞĚĂŐĂŝŶƐƚƚŚĞŵ
;ŝŶĐůƵĚŝŶŐĐƵƌƌĞŶƚǇĞĂƌĂŶĚƉƌŝŽƌǇĞĂƌŽƉĞŶĐĂƐĞƐͿ
Ϯ͕ϭϭϬ
Ϯϳ ŵƉůŽǇĞĞƐĚŝƐĐŝƉůŝŶĞĚĨŽƌƉŽůŝĐǇǀŝŽůĂƚŝŽŶƐ
ϵϭϯ
Ϯϴ EƵŵďĞƌŽĨƉŽůŝĐǇǀŝŽůĂƚŝŽŶƐͲŵƉůŽǇĞĞĐŽŶĚƵĐƚ
ϯϱϰ
Ϯϵ EƵŵďĞƌŽĨƉŽůŝĐǇǀŝŽůĂƚŝŽŶƐͲ^ĂůĞƐĂŶĚŵĂƌŬĞƚŝŶŐ
ϭϳϮ
ϯϬ EƵŵďĞƌŽĨƉŽůŝĐǇǀŝŽůĂƚŝŽŶƐͲWƌŽĚƵĐƚƋƵĂůŝƚǇ
ϵϱ
ϯϭ EƵŵďĞƌŽĨƉŽůŝĐǇǀŝŽůĂƚŝŽŶƐͲ^ĂĨĞŐƵĂƌĚŝŶŐƉĞŽƉůĞĂŶĚ
ŝŶĨŽƌŵĂƚŝŽŶĂŶĚĂƐƐĞƚƐ
ϮϭϬ
ϯϮ EƵŵďĞƌŽĨƉŽůŝĐǇǀŝŽůĂƚŝŽŶƐͲŵƉůŽǇĞĞƌĞůĂƚŝŽŶƐĂŶĚ,Z
ƉŽůŝĐŝĞƐ
ϭϮϲ
ϯϯ EƵŵďĞƌŽĨƉŽůŝĐǇǀŝŽůĂƚŝŽŶƐͲZΘĂŶĚŵĞĚŝĐĂůƉƌĂĐƚŝĐĞƐ
ϱ
ϯϰ EƵŵďĞƌŽĨƉŽůŝĐǇǀŝŽůĂƚŝŽŶƐͲŶƚŝͲďƌŝďĞƌǇĂŶĚĐŽƌƌƵƉƚŝŽŶ
Ϯϰ
ϯϱ EƵŵďĞƌŽĨƉŽůŝĐǇǀŝŽůĂƚŝŽŶƐͲǇďĞƌƐĞĐƵƌŝƚǇ
ϮϬ
ϯϲ EƵŵďĞƌŽĨƉŽůŝĐǇǀŝŽůĂƚŝŽŶƐͲ,^ĂŶĚƐƵƐƚĂŝŶĂďŝůŝƚǇ
ϭϴ
ϯϳ EƵŵďĞƌŽĨƉŽůŝĐǇǀŝŽůĂƚŝŽŶƐͲKƚŚĞƌ
ϰ
ϯϴ ŵƉůŽǇĞĞƐǁŚŽǁĞƌĞĚŝƐŵŝƐƐĞĚŽƌĂŐƌĞĞĚƚŽůĞĂǀĞƚŚĞ
ĐŽŵƉĂŶǇǀŽůƵŶƚĂƌŝůǇĂƐĂƌĞƐƵůƚŽĨŵŝƐĐŽŶĚƵĐƚ
ϮϱϮ
ϯϵ ŽĐƵŵĞŶƚĞĚǁĂƌŶŝŶŐƐ
ϲϲϲ
ϰϬ KƉĞŶĐĂƐĞƐĂǁĂŝƚŝŶŐŝŶǀĞƐƚŝŐĂƚŝŽŶŽƌĂĚŝƐĐŝƉůŝŶĂƌǇĚĞĐŝƐŝŽŶ
ĂƚǇĞĂƌĞŶĚ
ϮϬϯ
ϰϭ йŽĨĞŵƉůŽǇĞĞƐĂŶĚĐŽŵƉůĞŵĞŶƚĂƌǇǁŽƌŬĞƌƐƚŚĂƚĐŽŵƉůĞƚĞ
GSK’s mandatory training
ϭϬϬй




ϰϮ
% of employees that complete GSK’s mandatory training –
dŚĞŽĚĞ͗>ŝǀŝŶŐŽƵƌsĂůƵĞƐĂŶĚǆƉĞĐƚĂƚŝŽŶƐ;ϮϬϭϵ͕ϮϬϮϬͿ͖
tŽƌŬŝŶŐĂƚ'^<;ϮϬϮϭͿ
ϭϬϬй
ϰϯ
йŽĨcomplementary workers that complete GSK’s 
ŵĂŶĚĂƚŽƌǇƚƌĂŝŶŝŶŐ–dŚĞŽĚĞ͗>ŝǀŝŶŐŽƵƌsĂůƵĞƐĂŶĚ
ǆƉĞĐƚĂƚŝŽŶƐ;ϮϬϭϵ͕ϮϬϮϬͿ͖tŽƌŬŝŶŐĂƚ'^<;ϮϬϮϭͿ
ϵϵй
ϰϰ % of employees that complete GSK’s mandatory training Ͳ

ϭϬϬй
ϰϱ йŽĨĐŽŵƉůĞŵĞŶƚĂƌǇǁŽƌŬĞƌƐƚŚĂƚĐŽŵƉůĞƚĞ'^<ΖƐ
ŵĂŶĚĂƚŽƌǇƚƌĂŝŶŝŶŐͲ
ϵϴй
ϰϲ % of employees who believe they ‘can and do Speak Up if 
things don’t feel right’
ϴϲй
ϰϳ йŽĨĚŝƌĞĐƚŚŝŐŚͲrisk suppliers that achieve GSK’s minimum 
ĐŽsĂĚŝƐƐĐŽƌĞŽƌŚĂǀĞĂŶŝŵƉƌŽǀĞŵĞŶƚƉůĂŶŝŶƉůĂĐĞ
ϴϲй
ϰϴ dŽƚĂůƌĞŐƵůĂƚŽƌǇŝŶƐƉĞĐƚŝŽŶƐĨƌŽŵĂůůŚĞĂůƚŚĂƵƚŚŽƌŝƚŝĞƐ
ϭϬϰ
ϰϵ йŽĨŝŶƐƉĞĐƚŝŽŶƐĨƌŽŵĂůůƌĞŐƵůĂƚŽƌƐǁŝƚŚŶŽĐƌŝƚŝĐĂůĨŝŶĚŝŶŐƐ
ŽƌŽĨĨŝĐŝĂůĂĐƚŝŽŶŝŶĚŝĐĂƚĞĚ
ϵϲй
ϱϬ dŽƚĂůƌĞŐƵůĂƚŽƌǇŝŶƐƉĞĐƚŝŽŶƐĨƌŽŵ&ͬD,ZͬD
ƌĞŐƵůĂƚŽƌƐ
Ϯϳ
ϱϭ EƵŵďĞƌŽĨĐƌŝƚŝĐĂůͬŵĂũŽƌĨŝŶĚŝŶŐƐďǇ&ͬD,ZͬD
ƌĞŐƵůĂƚŽƌƐ
ϯϳ
ϱϮ dŽƚĂů&ƌĞŐƵůĂƚŽƌǇŝŶƐƉĞĐƚŝŽŶƐ
ϭϬ
ϱϯ EƵŵďĞƌŽĨ&ŽďƐĞƌǀĂƚŝŽŶƐ
Ϯϵ
ϱϰ EƵŵďĞƌŽĨ&ǁĂƌŶŝŶŐůĞƚƚĞƌƐ
Ϭ
ϱϱ dŽƚĂůŶƵŵďĞƌŽĨůĂƐƐ/ĞǆƚĞƌŶĂůƉƌŽĚƵĐƚƌĞĐĂůůƐ
Ϯ
ϱϲ dŽƚĂůŶƵŵďĞƌŽĨůĂƐƐ//ĞǆƚĞƌŶĂůƉƌŽĚƵĐƚƌĞĐĂůůƐ
Ϯ
ϱϳ dŽƚĂůŶƵŵďĞƌŽĨůĂƐƐ///ĞǆƚĞƌŶĂůƉƌŽĚƵĐƚƌĞĐĂůůƐ
ϵ
ϱϴ dŽƚĂůƉƌŽĚƵĐƚƌĞĐĂůůƐ
ϭϯ
ϱϵ ůĂƐƐ/ƉƌŽĚƵĐƚƌĞĐĂůůƐ;ƉŚĂƌŵĂĐĞƵƚŝĐĂůƐďƵƐŝŶĞƐƐͿ
Ϭ
ϲϬ ůĂƐƐ//ƉƌŽĚƵĐƚƌĞĐĂůůƐ;ƉŚĂƌŵĂĐĞƵƚŝĐĂůƐďƵƐŝŶĞƐƐͿ
Ϭ
ϲϭ ůĂƐƐ///ƉƌŽĚƵĐƚƌĞĐĂůůƐ;ƉŚĂƌŵĂĐĞƵƚŝĐĂůƐďƵƐŝŶĞƐƐͿ
ϭ
ϲϮ ůĂƐƐ/ƉƌŽĚƵĐƚƌĞĐĂůůƐ;ǀĂĐĐŝŶĞƐďƵƐŝŶĞƐƐͿ
Ϭ
ϲϯ ůĂƐƐ//ƉƌŽĚƵĐƚƌĞĐĂůůƐ;ǀĂĐĐŝŶĞƐďƵƐŝŶĞƐƐͿ
Ϭ
ϲϰ ůĂƐƐ///ƉƌŽĚƵĐƚƌĞĐĂůůƐ;ǀĂĐĐŝŶĞƐďƵƐŝŶĞƐƐͿ
Ϭ
ϲϱ WƵďůŝĐůǇĂǀĂŝůĂďůĞƚƌŝĂůƉƌŽƚŽĐŽůƐƵŵŵĂƌŝĞƐ;ƌĞŐŝƐƚĞƌͿ
ϲϰ
ϲϲ WƵďůŝĐůǇĂǀĂŝůĂďůĞƚƌŝĂůƌĞƐƵůƚƐƵŵŵĂƌŝĞƐ;ĚŝƐĐůŽƐĞͿ
ϰϬ
ϲϳ ŵƉůŽǇĞĞƚƵƌŶŽǀĞƌͲKǀĞƌĂůůƚƵƌŶŽǀĞƌ;йͿ
ϭϬ͘ϴй
ϲϴ EƵŵďĞƌŽĨĨĂƚĂůŝƚŝĞƐ;ĞŵƉůŽǇĞĞƐĂŶĚĐŽŵƉůĞŵĞŶƚĂƌǇ
ǁŽƌŬĞƌƐƵŶĚĞƌ'^<ĚŝƌĞĐƚƐƵƉĞƌǀŝƐŝŽŶͿ
Ϭ
ϲϵ EƵŵďĞƌŽĨĨĂƚĂůŝƚŝĞƐ;ĐŽŶƚƌĂĐƚŽƌƐŶŽƚƵŶĚĞƌ'^<ĚŝƌĞĐƚ
ƐƵƉĞƌǀŝƐŝŽŶͿ
Ϭ
ϳϬ ZĞƉŽƌƚĂďůĞŝŶũƵƌŝĞƐǁŝƚŚůŽƐƚƚŝŵĞ
ϮϬϰ
ϳϭ ZĞƉŽƌƚĂďůĞŝůůŶĞƐƐĞƐǁŝƚŚůŽƐƚƚŝŵĞ
ϮϮ
ϳϮ >ŽƐƚƚŝŵĞƌĞƉŽƌƚĂďůĞŝŶũƵƌǇƌĂƚĞ;ƉĞƌϭϬϬ͕ϬϬϬŚŽƵƌƐǁŽƌŬĞĚͿ
Ϭ͘ϭϰ
ϳϯ >ŽƐƚƚŝŵĞƌĞƉŽƌƚĂďůĞŝůůŶĞƐƐƌĂƚĞ;ƉĞƌϭϬϬ͕ϬϬϬŚŽƵƌƐ
ǁŽƌŬĞĚͿ
Ϭ͘ϬϮ
ϳϰ ZĞƉŽƌƚĂďůĞŝŶũƵƌŝĞƐǁŝƚŚĂŶĚǁŝƚŚŽƵƚůŽƐƚƚŝŵĞ
ϯϬϬ
ϳϱ ZĞƉŽƌƚĂďůĞŝůůŶĞƐƐĞƐǁŝƚŚĂŶĚǁŝƚŚŽƵƚůŽƐƚƚŝŵĞ
ϰϳ




ϳϲ ZĞƉŽƌƚĂďůĞŝŶũƵƌǇƌĂƚĞ;ƉĞƌϭϬϬ͕ϬϬϬŚŽƵƌƐǁŽƌŬĞĚͿ
Ϭ͘Ϯϭ
ϳϳ ZĞƉŽƌƚĂďůĞŝůůŶĞƐƐƌĂƚĞ;ƉĞƌϭϬϬ͕ϬϬϬŚŽƵƌƐǁŽƌŬĞĚͿ
Ϭ͘Ϭϯ
ϳϴ ZĞƉŽƌƚĂďůĞŝŶũƵƌǇĂŶĚŝůůŶĞƐƐƌĂƚĞ;ƉĞƌϭϬϬ͕ϬϬϬŚŽƵƌƐ
ǁŽƌŬĞĚͿ
Ϭ͘Ϯϰ
ϳϵ ,ŽƵƌƐǁŽƌŬĞĚ;ŵͿ
ϭϰϭ
ϴϬ
WƌŽĚƵĐƚƌĞĂĐŚ;ƉĞŽƉůĞƌĞĂĐŚĞĚŝŶůŽǁĞƌŝŶĐŽŵĞĐŽƵŶƚƌŝĞƐͿͲ
WĞŽƉůĞǁŝƚŚĂĐĐĞƐƐƚŽĂŐĞŶĞƌŝĐĚŽůƵƚĞŐƌĂǀŝƌƉƌŽĚƵĐƚ
through voluntary licensing agreements (‘000)
Ϯϯ͕ϭϱϲ
ϴϭ
WƌŽĚƵĐƚƌĞĂĐŚ;ƉĞŽƉůĞƌĞĂĐŚĞĚŝŶůŽǁĞƌŝŶĐŽŵĞĐŽƵŶƚƌŝĞƐͿͲ
ƐƚŝŵĂƚĞĚĐŚŝůĚƌĞŶƌĞĂĐŚĞĚǁŝƚŚ^ǇŶĨůŽƌŝǆƚŚƌŽƵŐŚ'Ăǀŝ
;ΖϬϬϬͿ
ϭϯ͕ϴϭϳ
ϴϮ WƌŽĚƵĐƚƌĞĂĐŚ;ƉĞŽƉůĞƌĞĂĐŚĞĚŝŶůŽǁĞƌŝŶĐŽŵĞĐŽƵŶƚƌŝĞƐͿͲ
ƐƚŝŵĂƚĞĚĐŚŝůĚƌĞŶƌĞĂĐŚĞĚǁŝƚŚZŽƚĂƌŝǆƚŚƌŽƵŐŚ'Ăǀŝ;ΖϬϬϬͿ
ϮϬ͕ϲϵϯ
ϴϯ WƌŽĚƵĐƚƌĞĂĐŚ;ƉĞŽƉůĞƌĞĂĐŚĞĚŝŶůŽǁĞƌŝŶĐŽŵĞĐŽƵŶƚƌŝĞƐͿͲ
ƐƚŝŵĂƚĞĚŐŝƌůƐƌĞĂĐŚĞĚǁŝƚŚĞƌǀĂƌŝǆƚŚƌŽƵŐŚ'Ăǀŝ;ΖϬϬϬͿ
ϱ͕ϰϳϲ
ϴϰ WƌŽĚƵĐƚƌĞĂĐŚ;ƉĞŽƉůĞƌĞĂĐŚĞĚŝŶůŽǁĞƌŝŶĐŽŵĞĐŽƵŶƚƌŝĞƐͿͲ
ƐƚŝŵĂƚĞĚƉĞŽƉůĞƌĞĂĐŚĞĚǁŝƚŚKWsƚŚƌŽƵŐŚhE/&;ΖϬϬϬͿ
Ϯϲ͕ϮϮϬ
ϴϱ
WƌŽĚƵĐƚƌĞĂĐŚ;ƉĞŽƉůĞƌĞĂĐŚĞĚŝŶůŽǁĞƌŝŶĐŽŵĞĐŽƵŶƚƌŝĞƐͿͲ
ƐƚŝŵĂƚĞĚƉĞŽƉůĞƌĞĂĐŚĞĚǁŝƚŚDŽƐƋƵŝƌŝǆ;Zd^͕^ͬ^ϬϭͿ
ƚŚƌŽƵŐŚƚŚĞDs/W;ΖϬϬϬͿ
ϭ͕ϮϳϮ
ϴϲ WƌŽĚƵĐƚƌĞĂĐŚ;ƉĞŽƉůĞƌĞĂĐŚĞĚŝŶůŽǁĞƌŝŶĐŽŵĞĐŽƵŶƚƌŝĞƐͿͲ
Total People Reached (‘000)
ϵϬ͕ϲϯϰ
ϴϳ WƌŽĚƵĐƚƌĞĂĐŚ;ƉĞŽƉůĞƌĞĂĐŚĞĚŝŶůŽǁĞƌŝŶĐŽŵĞĐŽƵŶƚƌŝĞƐͿͲ
ŽƐĞƐŽĨ^ǇŶĨůŽƌŝǆǀĂĐĐŝŶĞƐƐƵƉƉůŝĞĚƚŽ'Ăǀŝ;ŵŝůůŝŽŶͿ
ϰϱ
ϴϴ WƌŽĚƵĐƚƌĞĂĐŚ;ƉĞŽƉůĞƌĞĂĐŚĞĚŝŶůŽǁĞƌŝŶĐŽŵĞĐŽƵŶƚƌŝĞƐͿͲ
ŽƐĞƐŽĨZŽƚĂƌŝǆǀĂĐĐŝŶĞƐƐƵƉƉůŝĞĚƚŽ'Ăǀŝ;ŵŝůůŝŽŶͿ
ϰϯ
ϴϵ WƌŽĚƵĐƚƌĞĂĐŚ;ƉĞŽƉůĞƌĞĂĐŚĞĚŝŶůŽǁĞƌŝŶĐŽŵĞĐŽƵŶƚƌŝĞƐͿͲ
ŽƐĞƐŽĨĞƌǀĂƌŝǆǀĂĐĐŝŶĞƐƐƵƉƉůŝĞĚƚŽ'Ăǀŝ;ŵŝůůŝŽŶͿ
ϲ
ϵϬ WƌŽĚƵĐƚƌĞĂĐŚ;ƉĞŽƉůĞƌĞĂĐŚĞĚŝŶůŽǁĞƌŝŶĐŽŵĞĐŽƵŶƚƌŝĞƐͿͲ
ŽƐĞƐŽĨKWsǀĂĐĐŝŶĞƐƐƵƉƉůŝĞĚƚŽhE/&;ŵŝůůŝŽŶͿ
ϭϯϭ
ϵϭ
WƌŽĚƵĐƚƌĞĂĐŚ;ƉĞŽƉůĞƌĞĂĐŚĞĚŝŶůŽǁĞƌŝŶĐŽŵĞĐŽƵŶƚƌŝĞƐͿͲ
ŽƐĞƐŽĨDŽƐƋƵŝƌŝǆ;Zd^͕^ͬ^ϬϭͿǀĂĐĐŝŶĞƐƐƵƉƉůŝĞĚƚŽƚŚĞ
Ds/W;ŵŝůůŝŽŶͿ
ϱ
ϵϮ
WƌŽĚƵĐƚƌĞĂĐŚ;ƉĞŽƉůĞƌĞĂĐŚĞĚŝŶůŽǁĞƌŝŶĐŽŵĞĐŽƵŶƚƌŝĞƐͿͲ
ůďĞŶĚĂǌŽůĞƚĂďůĞƚƐĚŽŶĂƚĞĚƚŽŚĞůƉĞůŝŵŝŶĂƚĞůǇŵƉŚĂƚŝĐ
ĨŝůĂƌŝĂƐŝƐ;ŵŝůůŝŽŶƐͿ
ϯϱϰ
ϵϯ
WƌŽĚƵĐƚƌĞĂĐŚ;ƉĞŽƉůĞƌĞĂĐŚĞĚŝŶůŽǁĞƌŝŶĐŽŵĞĐŽƵŶƚƌŝĞƐͿͲ
ůďĞŶĚĂǌŽůĞƚĂďůĞƚƐĚŽŶĂƚĞĚƚŽŚĞůƉƚƌĞĂƚŝŶƚĞƐƚŝŶĂůǁŽƌŵƐ
;ŵŝůůŝŽŶƐͿ
ϴϴ
ϵϰ WƌŽĚƵĐƚƌĞĂĐŚ;ƉĞŽƉůĞƌĞĂĐŚĞĚŝŶůŽǁĞƌŝŶĐŽŵĞĐŽƵŶƚƌŝĞƐͿ–
dŽƚĂůĚŽƐĞƐƐƵƉƉůŝĞĚ;ŵŝůůŝŽŶͿ
ϲϳϮ
ϵϱ ŽŵŵƵŶŝƚǇ/ŶǀĞƐƚŵĞŶƚͲdŽƚĂůŽŵŵƵŶŝƚǇ/ŶǀĞƐƚŵĞŶƚ
;ŵŝůůŝŽŶάͿ
ϯϲϯ
ϵϲ ŽŵŵƵŶŝƚǇ/ŶǀĞƐƚŵĞŶƚͲĂƐŚ;ŵŝůůŝŽŶάͿ
ϵϬ
ϵϳ ŽŵŵƵŶŝƚǇ/ŶǀĞƐƚŵĞŶƚͲWƌŽĚƵĐƚĂŶĚŝŶͲŬŝŶĚ;ŵŝůůŝŽŶάͿ
Ϯϰϰ
ϵϴ ŽŵŵƵŶŝƚǇ/ŶǀĞƐƚŵĞŶƚͲdŝŵĞ;ŵŝůůŝŽŶάͿ
Ϯ
ϵϵ ŽŵŵƵŶŝƚǇ/ŶǀĞƐƚŵĞŶƚͲDĂŶĂŐĞŵĞŶƚĐŽƐƚƐ;ŵŝůůŝŽŶάͿ
Ϯϳ
ϭϬϬ WĞŽƉůĞƌĞĂĐŚĞĚƚŚƌŽƵŐŚŽƵƌh^WĂƚŝĞŶƚƐƐŝƐƚĂŶĐĞWƌŽŐƌĂŵ
;ΖϬϬϬͿ
ϳϰ




ϭϬϭ sĂůƵĞŽĨ'^<ŵĞĚŝĐŝŶĞĂŶĚǀĂĐĐŝŶĞƐƉƌŽǀŝĚĞĚƚŚƌŽƵŐŚŽƵƌ
h^WĂƚŝĞŶƚƐƐŝƐƚĂŶĐĞWƌŽŐƌĂŵƐ&ŽƵŶĚĂƚŝŽŶ;ŵŝůůŝŽŶh^Ϳ
Ϯϵϵ
ϭϬϮ EƵŵďĞƌŽĨĂƐƐĞƚƐƉƌŽŐƌĞƐƐĞĚƚŚƌŽƵŐŚƚŚĞŐůŽďĂůŚĞĂůƚŚ
ƉŝƉĞůŝŶĞƚŽĂĚĚƌĞƐƐƉƌŝŽƌŝƚǇt,KĚŝƐĞĂƐĞƐ
ϲ
ϭϬϯ
EƵŵďĞƌŽĨĂĐƚŝǀĞZΘƉƌŽũĞĐƚƐƚŚĂƚĂĚĚƌĞƐƐƉĂƚŚŽŐĞŶƐ
ƉƌŝŽƌŝƚŝƐĞĚďǇƚŚĞt,KĂŶĚĂƐƉŽƐŝŶŐƚŚĞŚŝŐŚĞƐƚůĞǀĞů
ŽĨĐŽŶĐĞƌŶĚƵĞƚŽĚƌƵŐƌĞƐŝƐƚĂŶĐĞ;ĐƌŝƚŝĐĂůĂŶĚͬŽƌƵƌŐĞŶƚ
ƚŚƌĞĂƚƐͿ
ϭϮ

dŚĞ^ĞůĞĐƚĞĚ/ŶĨŽƌŵĂƚŝŽŶ͕ĂƐůŝƐƚĞĚŝŶƚŚĞĂďŽǀĞƚĂďůĞ͕ŶĞĞĚƐƚŽďĞƌĞĂĚĂŶĚƵŶĚĞƌƐƚŽŽĚƚŽŐĞƚŚĞƌǁŝƚŚ
ƚŚĞĂƐŝƐŽĨZĞƉŽƌƚŝŶŐǁŚŝĐŚĐĂŶďĞĨŽƵŶĚĂƚResponsibility reports | GSK͘
/ŶŚĞƌĞŶƚůŝŵŝƚĂƚŝŽŶƐŽĨƚŚĞ^ĞůĞĐƚĞĚ/ŶĨŽƌŵĂƚŝŽŶ
tĞŽďƚĂŝŶĞĚůŝŵŝƚĞĚĂƐƐƵƌĂŶĐĞŽǀĞƌƚŚĞƉƌĞƉĂƌĂƚŝŽŶŽĨƚŚĞ^ĞůĞĐƚĞĚ/ŶĨŽƌŵĂƚŝŽŶŝŶĂĐĐŽƌĚĂŶĐĞǁŝƚŚ
ƚŚĞĂƐŝƐŽĨZĞƉŽƌƚŝŶŐ͘/ŶŚĞƌĞŶƚůŝŵŝƚĂƚŝŽŶƐĞǆŝƐƚŝŶĂůůĂƐƐƵƌĂŶĐĞĞŶŐĂŐĞŵĞŶƚƐ͘
ŶǇŝŶƚĞƌŶĂůĐŽŶƚƌŽůƐƚƌƵĐƚƵƌĞ͕ŶŽŵĂƚƚĞƌŚŽǁĞĨĨĞĐƚŝǀĞ͕ĐĂŶŶŽƚĞůŝŵŝŶĂƚĞƚŚĞƉŽƐƐŝďŝůŝƚǇƚŚĂƚĨƌĂƵĚ͕
ĞƌƌŽƌƐŽƌŝƌƌĞŐƵůĂƌŝƚŝĞƐŵĂǇŽĐĐƵƌĂŶĚƌĞŵĂŝŶƵŶĚĞƚĞĐƚĞĚĂŶĚďĞĐĂƵƐĞǁĞƵƐĞƐĞůĞĐƚŝǀĞƚĞƐƚŝŶŐŝŶŽƵƌ
ĞŶŐĂŐĞŵĞŶƚ͕ǁĞĐĂŶŶŽƚŐƵĂƌĂŶƚĞĞƚŚĂƚĞƌƌŽƌƐŽƌŝƌƌĞŐƵůĂƌŝƚŝĞƐ͕ŝĨƉƌĞƐĞŶƚ͕ǁŝůůďĞĚĞƚĞĐƚĞĚ͘
dŚĞƐĞůĨͲĚĞĨŝŶĞĚĂƐŝƐŽĨZĞƉŽƌƚŝŶŐ͕ƚŚĞŶĂƚƵƌĞŽĨƚŚĞ^ĞůĞĐƚĞĚ/ŶĨŽƌŵĂƚŝŽŶ͕ĂŶĚĂďƐĞŶĐĞŽĨĐŽŶƐŝƐƚĞŶƚ
ĞǆƚĞƌŶĂůƐƚĂŶĚĂƌĚƐĂůůŽǁĨŽƌĚŝĨĨĞƌĞŶƚ͕ďƵƚĂĐĐĞƉƚĂďůĞ͕ŵĞĂƐƵƌĞŵĞŶƚŵĞƚŚŽĚŽůŽŐŝĞƐƚŽďĞĂĚŽƉƚĞĚ
ǁŚŝĐŚŵĂǇƌĞƐƵůƚŝŶǀĂƌŝĂŶĐĞƐďĞƚǁĞĞŶĞŶƚŝƚŝĞƐ͘dŚĞĂĚŽƉƚĞĚŵĞĂƐƵƌĞŵĞŶƚŵĞƚŚŽĚŽůŽŐŝĞƐŵĂǇĂůƐŽ
ŝŵƉĂĐƚĐŽŵƉĂƌĂďŝůŝƚǇŽĨƚŚĞ^ĞůĞĐƚĞĚ/ŶĨŽƌŵĂƚŝŽŶƌĞƉŽƌƚĞĚďǇĚŝĨĨĞƌĞŶƚŽƌŐĂŶŝƐĂƚŝŽŶƐĂŶĚĨƌŽŵǇĞĂƌƚŽ
ǇĞĂƌǁŝƚŚŝŶĂŶŽƌŐĂŶŝƐĂƚŝŽŶĂƐŵĞƚŚŽĚŽůŽŐŝĞƐĚĞǀĞůŽƉ͘
tĞĚƌĂǁǇŽƵƌĂƚƚĞŶƚŝŽŶƚŽƚŚĞƐƉĞĐŝĨŝĐůŝŵŝƚĂƚŝŽŶƐ͕ĚƵĞƚŽƚŚĞŶĂƚƵƌĞŽĨƚŚĞ^ĞůĞĐƚĞĚ/ŶĨŽƌŵĂƚŝŽŶ͕ƐĞƚ
out in the “Key procedures performed” section below͘

DDirectors’ responsibilities
dŚĞŝƌĞĐƚŽƌƐĂƌĞƌĞƐƉŽŶƐŝďůĞĨŽƌƉƌĞƉĂƌŝŶŐĂŶŶŶƵĂůZĞƉŽƌƚǁŚŝĐŚĐŽŵƉůŝĞƐǁŝƚŚƚŚĞƌĞƋƵŝƌĞŵĞŶƚƐ
ŽĨƚŚĞŽŵƉĂŶŝĞƐĐƚϮϬϬϲĂŶĚĨŽƌďĞŝŶŐƐĂƚŝƐĨŝĞĚƚŚĂƚƚŚĞŶŶƵĂůZĞƉŽƌƚ͕ƚĂŬĞŶĂƐĂǁŚŽůĞ͕ŝƐĨĂŝƌ͕
ďĂůĂŶĐĞĚĂŶĚƵŶĚĞƌƐƚĂŶĚĂďůĞ͘
dŚĞŝƌĞĐƚŽƌƐĂƌĞĂůƐŽƌĞƐƉŽŶƐŝďůĞĨŽƌ͗
• ^ĞůĞĐƚŝŶŐĂŶĚĞƐƚĂďůŝƐŚŝŶŐƚŚĞĂƐŝƐŽĨZĞƉŽƌƚŝŶŐ͘
• WƌĞƉĂƌŝŶŐ͕ŵĞĂƐƵƌŝŶŐ͕ƉƌĞƐĞŶƚŝŶŐĂŶĚƌĞƉŽƌƚŝŶŐƚŚĞ^ĞůĞĐƚĞĚ/ŶĨŽƌŵĂƚŝŽŶŝŶĂĐĐŽƌĚĂŶĐĞǁŝƚŚƚŚĞ
ĂƐŝƐŽĨZĞƉŽƌƚŝŶŐ͘
• WƵďůŝƐŚŝŶŐƚŚĞĂƐŝƐŽĨZĞƉŽƌƚŝŶŐƉƵďůŝĐůǇŝŶĂĚǀĂŶĐĞŽĨ͕ŽƌĂƚƚŚĞƐĂŵĞƚŝŵĞĂƐ͕ƚŚĞƉƵďůŝĐĂƚŝŽŶŽĨ
ƚŚĞ^ĞůĞĐƚĞĚ/ŶĨŽƌŵĂƚŝŽŶ͘
• ĞƐŝŐŶŝŶŐ͕ŝŵƉůĞŵĞŶƚŝŶŐ͕ĂŶĚŵĂŝŶƚĂŝŶŝŶŐŝŶƚĞƌŶĂůƉƌŽĐĞƐƐĞƐĂŶĚĐŽŶƚƌŽůƐŽǀĞƌŝŶĨŽƌŵĂƚŝŽŶ
ƌĞůĞǀĂŶƚƚŽƚŚĞƉƌĞƉĂƌĂƚŝŽŶŽĨƚŚĞ^ĞůĞĐƚĞĚ/ŶĨŽƌŵĂƚŝŽŶƚŽĞŶƐƵƌĞƚŚĂƚƚŚĞǇĂƌĞĨƌĞĞĨƌŽŵŵĂƚĞƌŝĂů
ŵŝƐƐƚĂƚĞŵĞŶƚ͕ŝŶĐůƵĚŝŶŐǁŚĞƚŚĞƌĚƵĞƚŽĨƌĂƵĚŽƌĞƌƌŽƌ͘
• WƌŽǀŝĚŝŶŐƐƵĨĨŝĐŝĞŶƚĂĐĐĞƐƐĂŶĚŵĂŬŝŶŐĂǀĂŝůĂďůĞĂůůŶĞĐĞƐƐĂƌǇƌĞĐŽƌĚƐ͕ĐŽƌƌĞƐƉŽŶĚĞŶĐĞ͕
ŝŶĨŽƌŵĂƚŝŽŶĂŶĚĞǆƉůĂŶĂƚŝŽŶƐƚŽĂůůŽǁƚŚĞƐƵĐĐĞƐƐĨƵůĐŽŵƉůĞƚŝŽŶŽĨŽƵƌůŝŵŝƚĞĚĂƐƐƵƌĂŶĐĞ
ĞŶŐĂŐĞŵĞŶƚ͘




• ŽŶĨŝƌŵŝŶŐƚŽƵƐƚŚƌŽƵŐŚǁƌŝƚƚĞŶƌĞƉƌĞƐĞŶƚĂƚŝŽŶƐƚŚĂƚǇŽƵŚĂǀĞƉƌŽǀŝĚĞĚƵƐǁŝƚŚĂůůŝŶĨŽƌŵĂƚŝŽŶ
ƌĞůĞǀĂŶƚƚŽŽƵƌ^ĞƌǀŝĐĞƐŽĨǁŚŝĐŚǇŽƵĂƌĞĂǁĂƌĞ͕ĂŶĚƚŚĂƚƚŚĞŵĞĂƐƵƌĞŵĞŶƚŽƌĞǀĂůƵĂƚŝŽŶŽĨƚŚĞ
ƵŶĚĞƌůǇŝŶŐƐƵďũĞĐƚŵĂƚƚĞƌĂŐĂŝŶƐƚƚŚĞĂƐŝƐŽĨZĞƉŽƌƚŝŶŐ͕ŝŶĐůƵĚŝŶŐƚŚĂƚĂůůƌĞůĞǀĂŶƚŵĂƚƚĞƌƐ͕ĂƌĞ
ƌĞĨůĞĐƚĞĚŝŶƚŚĞ^ĞůĞĐƚĞĚ/ŶĨŽƌŵĂƚŝŽŶ͘
KKƵƌƌĞƐƉŽŶƐŝďŝůŝƚŝĞƐ
tĞĂƌĞƌĞƐƉŽŶƐŝďůĞĨŽƌ͗
• WůĂŶŶŝŶŐĂŶĚƉĞƌĨŽƌŵŝŶŐƉƌŽĐĞĚƵƌĞƐƚŽŽďƚĂŝŶƐƵĨĨŝĐŝĞŶƚĂƉƉƌŽƉƌŝĂƚĞĞǀŝĚĞŶĐĞŝŶŽƌĚĞƌƚŽĞǆƉƌĞƐƐ
ĂŶŝŶĚĞƉĞŶĚĞŶƚůŝŵŝƚĞĚĂƐƐƵƌĂŶĐĞĐŽŶĐůƵƐŝŽŶŽŶƚŚĞ^ĞůĞĐƚĞĚ/ŶĨŽƌŵĂƚŝŽŶ͘
• ŽŵŵƵŶŝĐĂƚŝŶŐŵĂƚƚĞƌƐƚŚĂƚŵĂǇďĞƌĞůĞǀĂŶƚƚŽƚŚĞ^ĞůĞĐƚĞĚ/ŶĨŽƌŵĂƚŝŽŶƚŽƚŚĞĂƉƉƌŽƉƌŝĂƚĞƉĂƌƚǇ
ŝŶĐůƵĚŝŶŐŝĚĞŶƚŝĨŝĞĚŽƌƐƵƐƉĞĐƚĞĚŶŽŶͲĐŽŵƉůŝĂŶĐĞǁŝƚŚůĂǁƐĂŶĚƌĞŐƵůĂƚŝŽŶƐ͕ĨƌĂƵĚŽƌƐƵƐƉĞĐƚĞĚ
ĨƌĂƵĚ͕ĂŶĚďŝĂƐŝŶƚŚĞƉƌĞƉĂƌĂƚŝŽŶŽĨƚŚĞ^ĞůĞĐƚĞĚ/ŶĨŽƌŵĂƚŝŽŶ͘
• ZĞƉŽƌƚŝŶŐŽƵƌĐŽŶĐůƵƐŝŽŶŝŶƚŚĞĨŽƌŵŽĨĂŶŝŶĚĞƉĞŶĚĞŶƚůŝŵŝƚĞĚƐƐƵƌĂŶĐĞZĞƉŽƌƚƚŽƚŚĞŝƌĞĐƚŽƌƐ͘
KKƵƌŝŶĚĞƉĞŶĚĞŶĐĞĂŶĚĐŽŵƉĞƚĞŶĐĞ
/ŶĐŽŶĚƵĐƚŝŶŐŽƵƌĞŶŐĂŐĞŵĞŶƚ͕ǁĞĐŽŵƉůŝĞĚwith the independence requirements of the FRC’s Ethical 
^ƚĂŶĚĂƌĚĂŶĚƚŚĞ/tŽĚĞŽĨƚŚŝĐƐ͘dŚĞ/tŽĚĞŝƐĨŽƵŶĚĞĚŽŶĨƵŶĚĂŵĞŶƚĂůƉƌŝŶĐŝƉůĞƐŽĨ
ŝŶƚĞŐƌŝƚǇ͕ŽďũĞĐƚŝǀŝƚǇ͕ƉƌŽĨĞƐƐŝŽŶĂůĐŽŵƉĞƚĞŶĐĞĂŶĚĚƵĞĐĂƌĞ͕ĐŽŶĨŝĚĞŶƚŝĂůŝƚǇĂŶĚƉƌŽĨĞƐƐŝŽŶĂů
ďĞŚĂǀŝŽƵƌ͘
We applied the International Standard on Quality Management 1 (“ISQM 1”) issued by the 
/ŶƚĞƌŶĂƚŝŽŶĂůƵĚŝƚŝŶŐĂŶĚƐƐƵƌĂŶĐĞ^ƚĂŶĚĂƌĚƐŽĂƌĚ͘ĐĐŽƌĚŝŶŐůǇ͕ǁĞŵĂŝŶƚĂŝŶĞĚĂĐŽŵƉƌĞŚĞŶƐŝǀĞ
ƐǇƐƚĞŵŽĨƋƵĂůŝƚǇŵĂŶĂŐĞŵĞŶƚŝŶĐůƵĚŝŶŐĚŽĐƵŵĞŶƚĞĚƉŽůŝĐŝĞƐĂŶĚƉƌŽĐĞĚƵƌĞƐƌĞŐĂƌĚŝŶŐĐŽŵƉůŝĂŶĐĞ
ǁŝƚŚĞƚŚŝĐĂůƌĞƋƵŝƌĞŵĞŶƚƐ͕ƉƌŽĨĞƐƐŝŽŶĂůƐƚĂŶĚĂƌĚƐĂŶĚĂƉƉůŝĐĂďůĞůĞŐĂůĂŶĚƌĞŐƵůĂƚŽƌǇƌĞƋƵŝƌĞŵĞŶƚƐ͘
<<ĞǇƉƌŽĐĞĚƵƌĞƐƉĞƌĨŽƌŵĞĚ
tĞĂƌĞƌĞƋƵŝƌĞĚƚŽƉůĂŶĂŶĚƉĞƌĨŽƌŵŽƵƌǁŽƌŬƚŽĂĚĚƌĞƐƐƚŚĞĂƌĞĂƐǁŚĞƌĞǁĞŚĂǀĞŝĚĞŶƚŝĨŝĞĚƚŚĂƚĂ
ŵĂƚĞƌŝĂůŵŝƐƐƚĂƚĞŵĞŶƚŝŶƌĞƐƉĞĐƚŽĨƚŚĞ^ĞůĞĐƚĞĚ/ŶĨŽƌŵĂƚŝŽŶŝƐůŝŬĞůǇƚŽĂƌŝƐĞ͘dŚĞƉƌŽĐĞĚƵƌĞƐǁĞ
ƉĞƌĨŽƌŵĞĚǁĞƌĞďĂƐĞĚŽŶŽƵƌƉƌŽĨĞƐƐŝŽŶĂůũƵĚŐŵĞŶƚ͘/ŶĐĂƌƌǇŝŶŐŽƵƚŽƵƌůŝŵŝƚĞĚĂƐƐƵƌĂŶĐĞ
ĞŶŐĂŐĞŵĞŶƚŝŶƌĞƐƉĞĐƚŽĨƚŚĞ^ĞůĞĐƚĞĚ/ŶĨŽƌŵĂƚŝŽŶ͕ǁĞƉĞƌĨŽƌŵĞĚƚŚĞĨŽůůŽǁŝŶŐƉƌŽĐĞĚƵƌĞƐ͗
• WĞƌĨŽƌŵĞĚĂŶĂƐƐĞƐƐŵĞŶƚŽĨƚŚĞĂƐŝƐŽĨZĞƉŽƌƚŝŶŐƐĞůĞĐƚĞĚďǇǇŽƵƚŽĚĞƚĞƌŵŝŶĞǁŚĞƚŚĞƌƚŚĞǇ
ǁĞƌĞƐƵŝƚĂďůĞĨŽƌƚŚĞĞŶŐĂŐĞŵĞŶƚĐŝƌĐƵŵƐƚĂŶĐĞƐ͘
• WĞƌĨŽƌŵĞĚĂŶĂůǇƚŝĐĂůƌĞǀŝĞǁƉƌŽĐĞĚƵƌĞƐƚŽƵŶĚĞƌƐƚĂŶĚƚŚĞƵŶĚĞƌůǇŝŶŐƐƵďũĞĐƚŵĂƚƚĞƌĂŶĚŝĚĞŶƚŝĨǇ
ĂƌĞĂƐǁŚĞƌĞĂŵĂƚĞƌŝĂůŵŝƐƐƚĂƚĞŵĞŶƚŽĨƚŚĞ^ĞůĞĐƚĞĚ/ŶĨŽƌŵĂƚŝŽŶǁĂƐůŝŬĞůǇƚŽĂƌŝƐĞ͘
• dŚƌŽƵŐŚŝŶƋƵŝƌŝĞƐŽĨŵĂŶĂŐĞŵĞŶƚ͕ŽďƚĂŝŶĞĚĂŶƵŶĚĞƌƐƚĂŶĚŝŶŐŽĨƚŚĞŽŵƉĂŶǇ͕ŝƚƐĞŶǀŝƌŽŶŵĞŶƚ͕
ƉƌŽĐĞƐƐĞƐĂŶĚŝŶĨŽƌŵĂƚŝŽŶƐǇƐƚĞŵƐƌĞůĞǀĂŶƚƚŽƚŚĞƉƌĞƉĂƌĂƚŝŽŶŽĨƚŚĞ^ĞůĞĐƚĞĚ/ŶĨŽƌŵĂƚŝŽŶ
ƐƵĨĨŝĐŝĞŶƚƚŽŝĚĞŶƚŝĨǇĂŶĚĨƵƌƚŚĞƌĂƐƐĞƐƐƌŝƐŬƐŽĨŵĂƚĞƌŝĂůŵŝƐƐƚĂƚĞŵĞŶƚŝŶƚŚĞ^ĞůĞĐƚĞĚ/ŶĨŽƌŵĂƚŝŽŶ͕
ĂŶĚƉƌŽǀŝĚĞĂďĂƐŝƐĨŽƌĚĞƐŝŐŶŝŶŐĂŶĚƉĞƌĨŽƌŵŝŶŐƉƌŽĐĞĚƵƌĞƐƚŽƌĞƐƉŽŶĚƚŽĂƐƐĞƐƐĞĚƌŝƐŬƐĂŶĚƚŽ
ŽďƚĂŝŶůŝŵŝƚĞĚĂƐƐƵƌĂŶĐĞƚŽƐƵƉƉŽƌƚĂĐŽŶĐůƵƐŝŽŶ͘
• dŚƌŽƵŐŚŝŶƋƵŝƌŝĞƐŽĨŵĂŶĂŐĞŵĞŶƚ͕ŽďƚĂŝŶĞĚĂŶƵŶĚĞƌƐƚĂŶĚŝŶŐŽĨŝŶƚĞƌŶĂůĐŽŶƚƌŽůƐƌĞůĞǀĂŶƚƚŽƚŚĞ
^ĞůĞĐƚĞĚ/ŶĨŽƌŵĂƚŝŽŶ͕ƚŚĞƋƵĂŶƚŝĨŝĐĂƚŝŽŶƉƌŽĐĞƐƐĂŶĚĚĂƚĂƵƐĞĚŝŶƉƌĞƉĂƌŝŶŐƚŚĞ^ĞůĞĐƚĞĚ
/ŶĨŽƌŵĂƚŝŽŶ͕ƚŚĞŵĞƚŚŽĚŽůŽŐǇĨŽƌŐĂƚŚĞƌŝŶŐƋƵĂůŝƚĂƚŝǀĞŝŶĨŽƌŵĂƚŝŽŶ͕ĂŶĚƚŚĞƉƌŽĐĞƐƐĨŽƌƉƌĞƉĂƌŝŶŐ
ĂŶĚƌĞƉŽƌƚŝŶŐƚŚĞ^ĞůĞĐƚĞĚ/ŶĨŽƌŵĂƚŝŽŶ͘tĞĚŝĚŶŽƚĞǀĂůƵĂƚĞƚŚĞĚĞƐŝŐŶŽĨƉĂƌƚŝĐƵůĂƌŝŶƚĞƌŶĂů
ĐŽŶƚƌŽůĂĐƚŝǀŝƚŝĞƐ͕ŽďƚĂŝŶĞǀŝĚĞŶĐĞĂďŽƵƚƚŚĞŝƌŝŵƉůĞŵĞŶƚĂƚŝŽŶŽƌƚĞƐƚƚŚĞŝƌŽƉĞƌĂƚŝŶŐĞĨĨĞĐƚŝǀĞŶĞƐƐ͘




• /ŶƐƉĞĐƚĞĚĚŽĐƵŵĞŶƚƐƌĞůĂƚŝŶŐƚŽƚŚĞ^ĞůĞĐƚĞĚ/ŶĨŽƌŵĂƚŝŽŶ͕ŝŶĐůƵĚŝŶŐďŽĂƌĚĐŽŵŵŝƚƚĞĞŵŝŶƵƚĞƐĂŶĚ
ǁŚĞƌĞĂƉƉůŝĐĂďůĞŝŶƚĞƌŶĂůĂƵĚŝƚŽƵƚƉƵƚƐƚŽƵŶĚĞƌƐƚĂŶĚƚŚĞůĞǀĞůŽĨŵĂŶĂŐĞŵĞŶƚĂǁĂƌĞŶĞƐƐĂŶĚ
ŽǀĞƌƐŝŐŚƚŽĨƚŚĞ^ĞůĞĐƚĞĚ/ŶĨŽƌŵĂƚŝŽŶ͘
• WĞƌĨŽƌŵĞĚƉƌŽĐĞĚƵƌĞƐŽǀĞƌƚŚĞ^ĞůĞĐƚĞĚ/ŶĨŽƌŵĂƚŝŽŶ͕ŝŶĐůƵĚŝŶŐƌĞĐĂůĐƵůĂƚŝŽŶŽĨƌĞůĞǀĂŶƚĨŽƌŵƵůĂĞ
ƵƐĞĚŝŶŵĂŶƵĂůĐĂůĐƵůĂƚŝŽŶƐĂŶĚĂƐƐĞƐƐŵĞŶƚŽĨǁŚĞƚŚĞƌƚŚĞĚĂƚĂŚĂĚďĞĞŶĂƉƉƌŽƉƌŝĂƚĞůǇ
ĐŽŶƐŽůŝĚĂƚĞĚ͘
• WĞƌĨŽƌŵĞĚƉƌŽĐĞĚƵƌĞƐŽǀĞƌƵŶĚĞƌůǇŝŶŐĚĂƚĂŽŶĂƐƚĂƚŝƐƚŝĐĂůƐĂŵƉůĞďĂƐŝƐƚŽĂƐƐĞƐƐǁŚĞƚŚĞƌƚŚĞ
ĚĂƚĂŚĂĚďĞĞŶĐŽůůĞĐƚĞĚĂŶĚƌĞƉŽƌƚĞĚŝŶĂĐĐŽƌĚĂŶĐĞǁŝƚŚƚŚĞĂƐŝƐŽĨZĞƉŽƌƚŝŶŐ͕ŝŶĐůƵĚŝŶŐǀĞƌŝĨǇŝŶŐ
ƚŽƐŽƵƌĐĞĚŽĐƵŵĞŶƚĂƚŝŽŶ͘
• ŽŶĚƵĐƚĞĚƐŝƚĞǀŝƐŝƚƐĂƚĂƐĂŵƉůĞŽĨƐŝƚĞƐ͕ƐĞůĞĐƚĞĚŽŶĂũƵĚŐĞŵĞŶƚĂůďĂƐŝƐƚŽĚĞƚĞƌŵŝŶĞĐŽŶƐŝƐƚĞŶĐǇ
ŝŶƵŶĚĞƌƐƚĂŶĚŝŶŐĂŶĚĂƉƉůŝĐĂƚŝŽŶŽĨƚŚĞĂƐŝƐŽĨZĞƉŽƌƚŝŶŐ͕ĐŚĞĐŬƵŶĚĞƌƐƚĂŶĚŝŶŐŽĨƉƌŽĐĞƐƐĞƐ͕ĂŶĚ
ƉĞƌĨŽƌŵĞĚĐŽŵƉůĞƚĞŶĞƐƐƚĞƐƚŝŶŐ͘
• WĞƌĨŽƌŵĞĚprocedures over the Selected Information including assessing management’s 
ĂƐƐƵŵƉƚŝŽŶƐĂŶĚĞƐƚŝŵĂƚĞƐ;ŝĨĂƉƉůŝĐĂďůĞͿ͘
• ĐĐƵŵƵůĂƚĞĚŵŝƐƐƚĂƚĞŵĞŶƚƐĂŶĚĐŽŶƚƌŽůĚĞĨŝĐŝĞŶĐŝĞƐŝĚĞŶƚŝĨŝĞĚ͕ĂƐƐĞƐƐŝŶŐǁŚĞƚŚĞƌŵĂƚĞƌŝĂů͘
• ZĞĂĚƚŚĞŶĂƌƌĂƚŝǀĞĂĐĐŽŵƉĂŶǇŝŶŐƚŚĞ^ĞůĞĐƚĞĚ/ŶĨŽƌŵĂƚŝŽŶǁŝƚŚƌĞŐĂƌĚƚŽƚŚĞĂƐŝƐŽĨZĞƉŽƌƚŝŶŐ͕
ĂŶĚĨŽƌĐŽŶƐŝƐƚĞŶĐǇǁŝƚŚŽƵƌĨŝŶĚŝŶŐƐ͘
dŚĞƉƌŽĐĞĚƵƌĞƐƉĞƌĨŽƌŵĞĚŝŶĂůŝŵŝƚĞĚĂƐƐƵƌĂŶĐĞĞŶŐĂŐĞŵĞŶƚǀĂƌǇŝŶŶĂƚƵƌĞĂŶĚƚŝŵŝŶŐĨƌŽŵ͕ĂŶĚĂƌĞ
ůĞƐƐŝŶĞǆƚĞŶƚƚŚĂŶĨŽƌ͕ĂƌĞĂƐŽŶĂďůĞĂƐƐƵƌĂŶĐĞĞŶŐĂŐĞŵĞŶƚ͘ŽŶƐĞƋƵĞŶƚůǇ͕ƚŚĞůĞǀĞůŽĨĂƐƐƵƌĂŶĐĞ
ŽďƚĂŝŶĞĚŝŶĂůŝŵŝƚĞĚĂƐƐƵƌĂŶĐĞĞŶŐĂŐĞŵĞŶƚŝƐƐƵďƐƚĂŶƚŝĂůůǇůŽǁĞƌƚŚĂŶƚŚĞĂƐƐƵƌĂŶĐĞƚŚĂƚǁŽƵůĚŚĂǀĞ
ďĞĞŶŽďƚĂŝŶĞĚŚĂĚĂƌĞĂƐŽŶĂďůĞĂƐƐƵƌĂŶĐĞĞŶŐĂŐĞŵĞŶƚďĞĞŶƉĞƌĨŽƌŵĞĚ͘
tĞƉĞƌĨŽƌŵĞĚŽƵƌĞŶŐĂŐĞŵĞŶƚƚŽŽďƚĂŝŶůŝŵŝƚĞĚĂƐƐƵƌĂŶĐĞŽǀĞƌƚŚĞƉƌĞƉĂƌĂƚŝŽŶŽĨƚŚĞ^ĞůĞĐƚĞĚ
/ŶĨŽƌŵĂƚŝŽŶŝŶĂĐĐŽƌĚĂŶĐĞǁŝƚŚƚŚĞĂƐŝƐŽĨZĞƉŽƌƚŝŶŐ͘tĞĚƌĂǁǇŽƵƌĂƚƚĞŶƚŝŽŶƚŽƚŚĞĨŽůůŽǁŝŶŐ
ƐƉĞĐŝĨŝĐůŝŵŝƚĂƚŝŽŶƐ͗
• ůůŐĞŶĚĞƌĂŶĚĞƚŚŶŝĐŝƚǇĚĞƚĞƌŵŝŶĂƚŝŽŶƐĨŽƌƚŚĞŝǀĞƌƐŝƚǇŵĞƚƌŝĐƐĂƌĞĚĞƌŝǀĞĚĨƌŽŵƐĞůĨͲĚĞĐůĂƌĞĚ
ƌĞƐƉŽŶƐĞƐĨƌŽŵŵĞĚŝĐĂůƚƌŝĂůƉĂƌƚŝĐŝƉĂŶƚƐ;ϭϵͿŽƌĞŵƉůŽǇĞĞƐ;ϮϬͲϮϰͿ͕ŵĂĚĞŽŶĂĚŝƐĐƌĞƚŝŽŶĂƌǇďĂƐŝƐ͘
ƐĂƌĞƐƵůƚ͕ŽƵƌƉƌŽĐĞĚƵƌĞƐĚŝĚŶŽƚŝŶĐůƵĚĞǀĂůŝĚĂƚŝŽŶƚŚĂƚƐĞůĨͲƌĞƉŽƌƚĞĚĂƐƐĞƌƚŝŽŶƐĂƌĞĂƉƉƌŽƉƌŝĂƚĞ͘
• dŚĞ&ĂƚĂůŝƚŝĞƐ͕/ŶũƵƌŝĞƐĂŶĚ/ůůŶĞƐƐĞƐŵĞƚƌŝĐƐ;ϲϴͲϳϴͿĂŶĚƚŚĞWŽůŝĐǇsŝŽůĂƚŝŽŶƐŵĞƚƌŝĐƐ;ϮϲͲϰϬͿĂƌĞ
ĚĞƌŝǀĞĚĨƌŽŵŝŶƚĞƌŶĂůůǇƌĞƉŽƌƚĞĚĞǀĞŶƚƐƌĞůĂƚŝŶŐƚŽĞŵƉůŽǇĞĞƐ;ĂƐǁĞůůĂƐĐŽŵƉůĞŵĞŶƚĂƌǇǁŽƌŬĞƌƐ
ĂŶĚĐŽŶƚƌĂĐƚŽƌƐŝŶƚŚĞĐĂƐĞŽĨ&ĂƚĂůŝƚŝĞƐ͕/ŶũƵƌŝĞƐĂŶĚ/ůůŶĞƐƐĞƐͿ͘ƐĂƌĞƐƵůƚ͕ŽƵƌƚĞƐƚŝŶŐŵĂǇŶŽƚ
ŝĚĞŶƚŝĨǇŵŝƐƐƚĂƚĞŵĞŶƚƐƌĞůĂƚŝŶŐƚŽĐŽŵƉůĞƚĞŶĞƐƐ͕ĨŽƌĞǆĂŵƉůĞŝŶŝŶƐƚĂŶĐĞƐǁŚĞƌĞĞǀĞŶƚƐŵĂǇŚĂǀĞ
ŽĐĐƵƌƌĞĚďƵƚŚĂǀĞŶŽƚďĞĞŶƌĞƉŽƌƚĞĚ͘
• dŚĞ^ƉĞĂŬhƉйŵĞƚƌŝĐ;ϰϲͿŝƐĚĞƌŝǀĞĚďĂƐĞĚŽŶĞŵƉůŽǇĞĞƌĞƐƉŽŶƐĞƐƚŽĂǀŽůƵŶƚĂƌǇŝŶƚĞƌŶĂůƐƵƌǀĞǇ͘
ƐĂƌĞƐƵůƚ͕ŽƵƌƚĞƐƚŝŶŐŵĂǇŶŽƚŝĚĞŶƚŝĨǇŵŝƐƐƚĂƚĞŵĞŶƚƐƌĞůĂƚŝŶŐƚŽĐŽŵƉůĞƚĞŶĞƐƐǁŚĞƌĞĞŵƉůŽǇĞĞƐ
ŚĂǀĞŶŽƚĐŽŵƉůĞƚĞĚƚŚĞƐƵƌǀĞǇ͘
• dŚĞ^ŝƚĞƐĐŽŵƉůŝĂŶƚǁŝƚŚW/ΘDZǁĂƐƚĞǁĂƚĞƌůŝŵŝƚƐ;ϭϰͿ͕DĂŶĚĂƚŽƌǇdƌĂŝŶŝŶŐŵĞƚƌŝĐƐ;ϰϭͲϰϱͿ͕
ŵƉůŽǇĞĞdƵƌŶŽǀĞƌŵĞƚƌŝĐ;ϲϳͿĂŶĚ,ŽƵƌƐtŽƌŬĞĚŵĞƚƌŝĐ;ϳϵͿĂƌĞďĂƐĞĚŽŶŝŶĨŽƌŵĂƚŝŽŶƐŽƵƌĐĞĚ
ĨƌŽŵGSK’s own ŝŶƚĞƌŶĂůƐǇƐƚĞŵƐ͘ƐƚŚĞƌĞĂƌĞŶŽĂƉƉůŝĐĂďůĞĞǆƚĞƌŶĂůƐŽƵƌĐĞƐƚŽǁŚŝĐŚǁĞĐĂŶ
ĐŚĞĐŬƚŚŝƐŝŶĨŽƌŵĂƚŝŽŶ͕ĞůŽŝƚƚĞŝƐƵŶĂďůĞƚŽĐŽŶĨŝƌŵƚŚĞĐŽŵƉůĞƚĞŶĞƐƐĂŶĚĂĐĐƵƌĂĐǇŽĨƚŚŝƐ
information beyond GSK’s own internal records.
• dŚĞZĞŐƵůĂƚŽƌǇ/ŶƐƉĞĐƚŝŽŶƐĂŶĚƌĞůĂƚĞĚĨŝŶĚŝŶŐƐŵĞƚƌŝĐƐ;ϰϴͲϱϰͿĂƌĞĐŽŵŵƵŶŝĐĂƚĞĚĚŝƌĞĐƚůǇƚŽ'^<
ďǇƌĞůĞǀĂŶƚƌĞŐƵůĂƚŽƌƐ͘ƐƚŚĞƌĞĂƌĞŶŽĐŽŵƉůĞƚĞĞǆƚĞƌŶĂůƐŽƵƌĐĞƐůŝƐƚŝŶŐƌĞŐƵůĂƚŽƌǇŝŶƐƉĞĐƚŝŽŶƐ͕ŝĨ
'^<ŚĂǀĞŶŽƚƌĞĐŽƌĚĞĚĂŶŝŶƐƉĞĐƚŝŽŶŽƌƚŚĞƐƵďƐĞƋƵĞŶƚĨŝŶĚŝŶŐŝŶƚŚĞŝƌĚĂƚĂďĂƐĞ͕ǁĞŵĂǇďĞ




ƵŶĂďůĞƚŽŝĚĞŶƚŝĨǇƚŚĂƚŝƚŽĐĐƵƌƌĞĚ͘ƐĂƌĞƐƵůƚ͕ŽƵƌƚĞƐƚŝŶŐŵĂǇŶŽƚŝĚĞŶƚŝĨǇŵŝƐƐƚĂƚĞŵĞŶƚƐƌĞůĂƚŝŶŐ
ƚŽĐŽŵƉůĞƚĞŶĞƐƐ͘
• dŚĞWĂƉĞƌ͕WĂůŵKŝůŵĞƚƌŝĐƐ;ϭϲͲϭϴͿ͕ƚŚĞŝǀĞƌƐĞͲŽǁŶĞĚƐƵƉƉůŝĞƌƐŵĞƚƌŝĐ;ϮϱͿĂŶĚƚŚĞ,ŝŐŚZŝƐŬ
^ƵƉƉůŝĞƌĐŽǀĂĚŝƐŵĞƚƌŝĐ;ϰϳͿĂƌĞĚĞƌŝǀĞĚĨƌŽŵŝŶĨŽƌŵĂƚŝŽŶƉƌŽǀŝĚĞĚďǇƐƵƉƉůŝĞƌƐĂŶĚƚŚŝƌĚͲƉĂƌƚǇ
ƐŽƵƌĐĞƐƌĞŐĂƌĚŝŶŐ͗ƚŚĞĐĞƌƚŝĨŝĐĂƚŝŽŶŽĨƚŚĞƐƵƐƚĂŝŶĂďůĞƐŽƵƌĐŝŶŐŽĨƉĂƉĞƌĂŶĚƉĂůŵŽŝů͕ƚŚĞ
ĐĞƌƚŝĨŝĐĂƚŝŽŶŽĨĚŝǀĞƌƐĞͲŽǁŶĞƌƐŚŝƉŽĨƐƵƉƉůŝĞƌƐĂŶĚƚŚĞĐŽsĂĚŝƐƐĐŽƌĞĂƐƐŝŐŶĞĚƚŽĂƐƵƉƉůŝĞƌ
;ƌĞƐƉĞĐƚŝǀĞůǇͿ͘KƵƌƉƌŽĐĞĚƵƌĞƐĚŝĚŶŽƚŝŶĐůƵĚĞŽďƚĂŝŶŝŶŐĂƐƐƵƌĂŶĐĞŽǀĞƌƚŚĞŝŶĨŽƌŵĂƚŝŽŶƉƌŽǀŝĚĞĚ
ďǇƐƵƉƉůŝĞƌƐŽƌƚŚŝƌĚƉĂƌƚŝĞƐ͘
• dŚĞWƌŽĚƵĐƚΘWĞŽƉůĞZĞĂĐŚĞĚŵĞƚƌŝĐƐ;ϴϬͲϵϰͿĂƌĞƉĂƌƚŝĂůůǇĚĞƌŝǀĞĚĨƌŽŵϯƌĚƉĂƌƚǇŝŶƉƵƚƐ͕ƐƵĐŚĂƐ
ĞƐƚŝŵĂƚĞĚǀĂĐĐŝŶĞǁĂƐƚĂŐĞƌĂƚĞƐĂŶĚĚŽƐĞƐƉĞƌƉĞƌƐŽŶ͘KƵƌƉƌŽĐĞĚƵƌĞƐĚŝĚŶŽƚŝŶĐůƵĚĞŽďƚĂŝŶŝŶŐ
ĂƐƐƵƌĂŶĐĞŽǀĞƌƚŚĞŝŶĨŽƌŵĂƚŝŽŶƉƌŽǀŝĚĞĚďǇƚŚĞƐĞƚŚŝƌĚƉĂƌƚŝĞƐ͘
• dŚĞ“WĞƌĐĞŶƚĂŐĞŽĨĐĂƌďŽŶĐƌĞĚŝƚƐŝŶƉƌŽũĞĐƚƉŝƉĞůŝŶĞ”ŵĞƚƌŝĐ;ϲͿŝƐĚĞƌŝǀĞĚďĂƐĞĚŽŶŝŶĨŽƌŵĂƚŝŽŶ
ƉƌŽǀŝĚĞĚďǇƚŚŝƌĚͲƉĂƌƚǇƐŽƵƌĐĞƐƌĞŐĂƌĚŝŶŐƚŚĞĨŽƌĞĐĂƐƚĨƵƚƵƌĞǀŽůƵŵĞŽĨĐĂƌďŽŶĐƌĞĚŝƚƐƚŚĂƚǁŝůůďĞ
ĂǀĂŝůĂďůĞĨŽƌ'^<ƚŽƌĞƚŝƌĞ͕ĚĞƚĞƌŵŝŶĞĚǀŝĂƉƌŽƉƌŝĞƚĂƌǇĐĂůĐƵůĂƚŝŽŶƐ͕and an estimate of GSK’s 2030 
ĞŵŝƐƐŝŽŶƐ͘KƵƌƉƌŽĐĞĚƵƌĞƐĚŝĚŶŽƚŝŶĐůƵĚĞŽďƚĂŝŶŝŶŐĂƐƐƵƌĂŶĐĞŽǀĞƌĞŝƚŚĞƌƚŚĞŝŶĨŽƌŵĂƚŝŽŶ
ƉƌŽǀŝĚĞĚďǇƚŚŝƌĚƉĂƌƚŝĞƐŽƌƉƌŽƐƉĞĐƚŝǀĞŝŶĨŽƌŵĂƚŝŽŶ͘
hhƐĞŽĨŽƵƌƌĞƉŽƌƚ
dŚŝƐƌĞƉŽƌƚŝƐŵĂĚĞƐŽůĞůǇƚŽƚŚĞŝƌĞĐƚŽƌƐŽĨ'^<ƉůĐŝŶĂĐĐŽƌĚĂŶĐĞǁŝƚŚ/^ϯϬϬϬ;ZĞǀŝƐĞĚͿĂŶĚ/^
ϯϰϭϬĂŶĚŽƵƌĂŐƌĞĞĚƚĞƌŵƐŽĨĞŶŐĂŐĞŵĞŶƚ͘KƵƌǁŽƌŬŚĂƐďĞĞŶƵŶĚĞƌƚĂŬĞŶƐŽƚŚĂƚǁĞŵŝŐŚƚƐƚĂƚĞƚŽ
ƚŚĞŝƌĞĐƚŽƌƐŽĨ'^<ƉůĐƚŚŽƐĞŵĂƚƚĞƌƐǁĞŚĂǀĞĂŐƌĞĞĚƚŽƐƚĂƚĞƚŽƚŚĞŵŝŶƚŚŝƐƌĞƉŽƌƚĂŶĚĨŽƌŶŽŽƚŚĞƌ
ƉƵƌƉŽƐĞ͘
tŝƚŚŽƵƚĂƐƐƵŵŝŶŐŽƌĂĐĐĞƉƚŝŶŐĂŶǇƌĞƐƉŽŶƐŝďŝůŝƚǇŽƌůŝĂďŝůŝƚǇŝŶƌĞƐƉĞĐƚŽĨƚŚŝƐƌĞƉŽƌƚƚŽĂŶǇƉĂƌƚǇŽƚŚĞƌ
ƚŚĂŶ'^<ƉůĐĂŶĚƚŚĞŝƌĞĐƚŽƌƐŽĨ'^<ƉůĐ͕ǁĞĂĐŬŶŽǁůĞĚŐĞƚŚĂƚƚŚĞŝƌĞĐƚŽƌƐŽĨ'^<ƉůĐŵĂǇĐŚŽŽƐĞ
ƚŽŵĂŬĞƚŚŝƐƌĞƉŽƌƚƉƵďůŝĐůǇĂǀĂŝůĂďůĞĨŽƌŽƚŚĞƌƐǁŝƐŚŝŶŐƚŽŚĂǀĞĂĐĐĞƐƐƚŽŝƚ͕ǁŚŝĐŚĚŽĞƐŶŽƚĂŶĚǁŝůů
ŶŽƚĂĨĨĞĐƚŽƌĞǆƚĞŶĚĨŽƌĂŶǇƉƵƌƉŽƐĞŽƌŽŶĂŶǇďĂƐŝƐŽƵƌƌĞƐƉŽŶƐŝďŝůŝƚŝĞƐ͘dŽƚŚĞĨƵůůĞƐƚĞǆƚĞŶƚ
ƉĞƌŵŝƚƚĞĚďǇůĂǁ͕ǁĞĚŽŶŽƚĂĐĐĞƉƚŽƌĂƐƐƵŵĞƌĞƐƉŽŶƐŝďŝůŝƚǇƚŽĂŶǇŽŶĞŽƚŚĞƌƚŚĂŶ'^<ƉůĐĂŶĚƚŚĞ
ŝƌĞĐƚŽƌƐŽĨ'^<ƉůĐĂƐĂďŽĚǇ͕ĨŽƌŽƵƌǁŽƌŬ͕ĨŽƌƚŚŝƐƌĞƉŽƌƚ͕ŽƌĨŽƌƚŚĞĐŽŶĐůƵƐŝŽŶƐǁĞŚĂǀĞĨŽƌŵĞĚ͘


ĞůŽŝƚƚĞ>>W
>ŽŶĚŽŶ͕h<
Ϯϱ&ĞďƌƵĂƌǇϮϬϮϱ

