Table of Contents
UNITED STATES
SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION
Washington, D.C. 20549
____________________________________________________________________________________________
FORM 10-K
☒
ANNUAL REPORT PURSUANT TO SECTION 13 OR 15(d) OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934
    For the fiscal year ended January 26, 2025
OR
☐
TRANSITION REPORT PURSUANT TO SECTION 13 OR 15(d) OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934
Commission file number: 0-23985
 
 
NVIDIA CORPORATION
(Exact name of registrant as specified in its charter)
Delaware
94-3177549
(State or other jurisdiction of
(I.R.S. Employer
incorporation or organization)
Identification No.)
   2788 San Tomas Expressway, Santa Clara, California
95051
  (Address of principal executive offices)
(Zip Code)
Registrant’s telephone number, including area code: (408) 486-2000
Securities registered pursuant to Section 12(b) of the Act:
Title of each class
Trading Symbol(s)
Name of each exchange on which registered
Common Stock, $0.001 par value per share
NVDA
The Nasdaq Global Select Market
Securities registered pursuant to Section 12(g) of the Act:
None
Indicate by check mark if the registrant is a well-known seasoned issuer, as defined in Rule 405 of the Securities Act.    Yes ☐ No ☒
Indicate by check mark if the registrant is not required to file reports pursuant to Section 13 or Section 15(d) of the Act.    Yes ☐ No ☒
Indicate by check mark whether the registrant (1) has filed all reports required to be filed by Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter
period that the registrant was required to file such reports), and (2) has been subject to such filing requirements for the past 90 days. Yes ☒ No ☐
Indicate by check mark whether the registrant has submitted electronically every Interactive Data File required to be submitted pursuant to Rule 405 of Regulation S-T (§232.405 of this chapter) during the
preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to submit such files).    Yes ☒ No ☐
Indicate by check mark whether the registrant is a large accelerated filer, an accelerated filer, a non-accelerated filer, a smaller reporting company, or an emerging growth company. See the definitions of
“large accelerated filer," “accelerated filer," “smaller reporting company," and "emerging growth company" in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act.
Large accelerated filer
☒
Accelerated filer
☐
Non-accelerated filer
☐
Smaller reporting company
☐
Emerging growth company
☐
If an emerging growth company, indicate by check mark if the registrant has elected not to use the extended transition period for complying with any new or revised financial accounting standards provided
pursuant to Section 13(a) of the Exchange Act.    ☐
Indicate by check mark whether the registrant has filed a report on and attestation to its management’s assessment of the effectiveness of its internal control over financial reporting under Section 404(b) of
the Sarbanes-Oxley Act (15 U.S.C. 7262(b)) by the registered public accounting firm that prepared or issued its audit report. ☒
If securities are registered pursuant to Section 12(b) of the Act, indicate by check mark whether the financial statements of the registrant included in the filing reflect the correction of an error to previously
issued financial statements. ☐
Indicate by check mark whether any of those error corrections are restatements that required a recovery analysis of incentive-based compensation received by any of the registrant’s executive officers during
the relevant recovery period pursuant to §240.10D-1(b). ☐
Indicate by check mark whether the registrant is a shell company (as defined in Rule 12b-2 of the Act).    Yes ☐ No ☒ 
The aggregate market value of the voting stock held by non-affiliates of the registrant as of July 26, 2024 was approximately $2.7 trillion (based on the closing sales price of the registrant's common stock as
reported by the Nasdaq Global Select Market on July 26, 2024). This calculation excludes 1.0 billion shares held by directors and executive officers of the registrant. This calculation does not exclude shares
held by such organizations whose ownership exceeds 5% of the registrant's outstanding common stock that have represented to the registrant that they are registered investment advisers or investment
companies registered under section 8 of the Investment Company Act of 1940.
The number of shares of common stock outstanding as of February 21, 2025 was 24.4 billion.
DOCUMENTS INCORPORATED BY REFERENCE
Portions of the registrant's Proxy Statement for its 2025 Annual Meeting of Shareholders to be filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission pursuant to Regulation 14A not later than 120 days after the
end of the fiscal year covered by this Annual Report on Form 10-K are incorporated by reference into Part III, Items 10-14 of this Annual Report on Form 10-K.

Table of Contents
NVIDIA Corporation
Table of Contents
 
 
Page
 
 
Part I
 
Item 1.
Business
 4
Item 1A.
Risk Factors
 13
Item 1B.
Unresolved Staff Comments
 32
Item 1C
Cybersecurity
 32
Item 2.
Properties
 33
Item 3.
Legal Proceedings
 33
Item 4.
Mine Safety Disclosures
 33
 
Part II
 
 
Item 5.
Market for Registrant’s Common Equity, Related Stockholder Matters and Issuer Purchases of Equity Securities
 33
Item 6.
[Reserved]
35
Item 7.
Management’s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations
 36
Item 7A.
Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosures About Market Risk
 45
Item 8.
Financial Statements and Supplementary Data
 46
Item 9.
Changes in and Disagreements with Accountants on Accounting and Financial Disclosure
 46
Item 9A.
Controls and Procedures
 46
Item 9B.
Other Information
 47
Item 9C.
Disclosure Regarding Foreign Jurisdictions that Prevent Inspections
47
 
Part III
 
Item 10.
Directors, Executive Officers and Corporate Governance
 47
Item 11.
Executive Compensation
 48
Item 12.
Security Ownership of Certain Beneficial Owners and Management and Related Stockholder Matters
48
Item 13.
Certain Relationships and Related Transactions, and Director Independence
48
Item 14.
Principal Accountant Fees and Services
 48
 
 
Part IV
 
Item 15.
Exhibits and Financial Statement Schedules
 49
Item 16.
Form 10-K Summary
 85
Signatures
 
 86
2

Table of Contents
Where You Can Find More Information
Investors and others should note that we announce material financial information to our investors using our investor relations website, press releases, SEC
filings and public conference calls and webcasts. We also use the following social media channels as a means of disclosing information about the company, our
products, our planned financial and other announcements and attendance at upcoming investor and industry conferences, and other matters and for complying
with our disclosure obligations under Regulation FD:
NVIDIA Corporate Blog (https://blogs.nvidia.com/)
NVIDIA Technical Blog (https://developer.nvidia.com/blog/)
NVIDIA LinkedIn Page (https://www.linkedin.com/company/nvidia)
NVIDIA Facebook Page (https://www.facebook.com/nvidia)
NVIDIA Instagram Page (https://www.instagram.com/nvidia)
NVIDIA X Account (https://x.com/nvidia)
In addition, investors and others can view NVIDIA videos on YouTube (https://www.YouTube.com/nvidia).
The information we post through these social media channels may be deemed material. Accordingly, investors should monitor these accounts and the blog, in
addition to following our press releases, SEC filings and public conference calls and webcasts. This list may be updated from time to time. The information we
post through these channels is not a part of this Annual Report on Form 10-K. These channels may be updated from time to time on NVIDIA's investor relations
website.
Forward-Looking Statements
This Annual Report on Form 10-K contains forward-looking statements which are based on our management's beliefs and assumptions and on information
currently available to our management. In some cases, you can identify forward-looking statements by terms such as “may,” “will,” “should,” “could,” “goal,”
“would,” “expect,” “plan,” “anticipate,” “believe,” “estimate,” “project,” “predict,” “potential,” and similar expressions intended to identify forward-looking
statements. These statements involve known and unknown risks, uncertainties and other factors, which may cause our actual results, performance, time frames
or achievements to be materially different from any future results, performance, time frames or achievements expressed or implied by the forward-looking
statements. We discuss many of these risks, uncertainties, and other factors in this Annual Report on Form 10-K in greater detail under the heading “Risk
Factors.” Given these risks, uncertainties, and other factors, you should not place undue reliance on these forward-looking statements. Also, these forward-
looking statements represent our estimates and assumptions only as of the date of this filing. You should read this Annual Report on Form 10-K completely and
with the understanding that our actual future results may be materially different from what we expect. We hereby qualify our forward-looking statements by these
cautionary statements. Except as required by law, we assume no obligation to update these forward-looking statements publicly, or to update the reasons actual
results could differ materially from those anticipated in these forward-looking statements, even if new information becomes available in the future.
All references to “NVIDIA,” “we,” “us,” “our,” or the “Company” mean NVIDIA Corporation and its subsidiaries.
In addition, statements that “we believe” and similar statements reflect our beliefs and opinions on the relevant subject. These statements are based upon
information available to us as of the filing date of this Annual Report on Form 10-K, and while we believe such information forms a reasonable basis for such
statements, such information may be limited or incomplete, and our statements should not be read to indicate that we have conducted an exhaustive inquiry into,
or review of, all potentially available relevant information. These statements are inherently uncertain and investors are cautioned not to unduly rely upon these
statements.
© 2025 NVIDIA Corporation. All rights reserved.
3

Table of Contents
Part I
Item 1. Business
Our Company
NVIDIA pioneered accelerated computing to help solve the most challenging computational problems. NVIDIA is now a full-stack computing infrastructure
company with data-center-scale offerings that are reshaping industry.
Our full-stack includes the foundational CUDA programming model that runs on all NVIDIA GPUs, as well as hundreds of domain-specific software libraries,
software development kits, or SDKs, and Application Programming Interfaces, or APIs. This deep and broad software stack accelerates the performance and
eases the deployment of NVIDIA accelerated computing for computationally intensive workloads such as artificial intelligence, or AI, model training and
inference, data analytics, scientific computing, and 3D graphics, with vertical-specific optimizations to address industries ranging from healthcare and telecom to
automotive and manufacturing.
Our data-center-scale offerings are comprised of compute and networking solutions that can scale to tens of thousands of GPU-accelerated servers
interconnected to function as a single giant computer; this type of data center architecture and scale is needed for the development and deployment of modern
AI applications.
The GPU was initially used to simulate human imagination, enabling the virtual worlds of video games and films. Today, it also simulates human intelligence,
enabling a deeper understanding of the physical world. Its parallel processing capabilities, supported by thousands of computing cores, are essential for deep
learning algorithms. This form of AI, in which software writes itself by learning from large amounts of data, can serve as the brain of computers, robots, and self-
driving cars that can perceive and understand the world. GPU-powered AI solutions are being developed by thousands of enterprises to deliver services and
products that would have been immensely difficult or even impossible with traditional coding. Examples include generative AI, which can create new content
such as text, code, images, audio, video, molecule structures, and recommendation systems, which can recommend highly relevant content such as products,
services, media, or ads using deep neural networks trained on vast datasets that capture the user's preferences.
NVIDIA has a platform strategy, bringing together hardware, systems, software, algorithms, libraries, and services to create unique value for the markets we
serve. While the computing requirements of these end markets are diverse, we address them with a unified underlying architecture leveraging our GPUs and
networking and software stacks. The programmable nature of our architecture allows us to support several multi-billion-dollar end markets with the same
underlying technology by using a variety of software stacks developed either internally or by third-party developers and partners. The large and growing number
of developers and installed base across our platforms strengthens our ecosystem and increases the value of our platform to our customers.
Innovation is at our core. We have invested over $58.2 billion in research and development since our inception, yielding inventions that are essential to modern
computing. Our invention of the GPU in 1999 sparked the growth of the PC gaming market and redefined computer graphics. With our introduction of the CUDA
programming model in 2006, we opened the parallel processing capabilities of our GPU to a broad range of compute-intensive applications, paving the way for
the emergence of modern AI. In 2012, the AlexNet neural network, trained on NVIDIA GPUs, won the ImageNet computer image recognition competition,
marking the “Big Bang” moment of AI. We introduced our first Tensor Core GPU in 2017, built from the ground-up for the new era of AI, and our first autonomous
driving system-on-chips, or SoC, in 2018. Our acquisition of Mellanox in 2020 expanded our innovation canvas to include networking, enabled our platforms to
be data center scale, and led to the introduction of a new processor class – the data processing unit, or DPU. Over the past 5 years, we have built full software
stacks that run on top of our GPUs and CUDA to bring AI to the world’s largest industries, including NVIDIA DRIVE stack for autonomous driving, Clara for
healthcare, and Omniverse for industrial digitalization; and introduced the NVIDIA AI Enterprise software – essentially an operating system for enterprise AI
applications. In 2023, we introduced our first data center CPU, Grace, built for giant-scale AI and high performance computing, or HPC. With a strong
engineering culture, we drive fast, yet harmonized, product and technology innovations in all dimensions of computing including silicon, systems, networking,
software and algorithms. More than half of our engineers work on software.
The world’s leading cloud service providers, or CSPs, and consumer internet companies use our data center-scale accelerated computing platforms to enable,
accelerate, develop, or enrich the services and offerings they deliver to billions of end users, including AI solutions and assistants, AI foundation models, search,
recommendations, social networking, online shopping, live video, and translation.
Enterprises and startups across a broad range of industries use our accelerated computing platforms to build new generative and agentic AI-enabled products
and services, and/or to dramatically accelerate and reduce the costs of their workloads and workflows. The enterprise software industry uses them for new AI
assistants, chatbots, and agents; the transportation industry for autonomous driving; the healthcare industry for accelerated and computer-aided drug discovery;
and the financial services industry for customer support and fraud detection.
4

Table of Contents
Researchers and developers use our computing solutions to accelerate a wide range of important applications, from simulating molecular dynamics to climate
forecasting. With support for more than 4,400 applications, NVIDIA computing enables some of the most promising areas of discovery, from climate prediction to
materials science and from wind tunnel simulation to genomics. Including GPUs and networking, NVIDIA powers over 75% of the supercomputers on the global
TOP500 list, including 38 of the top 50 systems on the Green500 list.
Gamers choose NVIDIA GPUs to enjoy immersive, increasingly cinematic virtual worlds. In addition to serving the growing number of gamers, the market for PC
GPUs is expanding because of the burgeoning population of live streamers, broadcasters, artists, and creators. With the advent of generative AI, we expect a
broader set of PC users to choose NVIDIA GPUs for running generative AI applications locally on their PC, which is critical for privacy, latency, and cost-sensitive
AI applications.
Professional artists, architects and designers use NVIDIA partner products accelerated with our GPUs and software platform for a range of creative and design
use cases, such as creating visual effects in movies or designing buildings and products. In addition, generative AI is expanding the market for our workstation-
class GPUs, as more enterprise customers develop and deploy AI applications with their data on-premises.
Headquartered in Santa Clara, California, NVIDIA was incorporated in California in April 1993 and reincorporated in Delaware in April 1998.
Our Businesses
We report our business results in two segments.
The Compute & Networking segment includes our Data Center accelerated computing platforms and AI solutions and software; networking; automotive platforms
and autonomous and electric vehicle solutions; Jetson for robotics and other embedded platforms; and DGX Cloud computing services.
The Graphics segment includes GeForce GPUs for gaming and PCs, the GeForce NOW game streaming service and related infrastructure, and solutions for
gaming platforms; Quadro/NVIDIA RTX GPUs for enterprise workstation graphics; virtual GPU, or vGPU, software for cloud-based visual and virtual computing;
automotive platforms for infotainment systems; and Omniverse Enterprise software for building and operating industrial AI and digital twin applications.
Our Markets
We specialize in markets where our computing platforms can provide tremendous acceleration for applications. These platforms incorporate processors,
interconnects, software, algorithms, systems, and services to deliver unique value. Our platforms address four large markets where our expertise is critical: Data
Center, Gaming, Professional Visualization, and Automotive.
Data Center
The NVIDIA Data Center platform is focused on accelerating the most compute-intensive workloads, such as AI, data analytics, graphics, and scientific
computing, delivering significantly better performance and power efficiency relative to conventional CPU-only approaches. It is deployed in cloud, hyperscale,
on-premises and edge data centers. The platform consists of compute and networking offerings typically delivered to customers as systems, subsystems, or
modules, along with software and services.
Our compute offerings include supercomputing platforms and servers, bringing together our energy efficient GPUs, CPUs, interconnects, and fully optimized AI
and HPC software stacks. In addition, they include NVIDIA AI Enterprise software; our DGX Cloud service; and a growing body of acceleration libraries, APIs,
SDKs, and domain-specific application frameworks.
Our networking offerings include end-to-end platforms for InfiniBand and Ethernet, consisting of network adapters, cables, DPUs, switch chips and systems, as
well as a full software stack. This has enabled us to architect data center-scale computing platforms that can interconnect thousands of compute nodes with
high-performance networking. While historically the server was the unit of computing, as AI and HPC workloads have become extremely large spanning
thousands of compute nodes, the data center has become the new unit of computing, with networking as an integral part.
Our customers include the world’s leading public cloud and consumer internet companies, thousands of enterprises and startups, and public sector entities. We
work with industry leaders to help build or transform their applications and data center infrastructure. Our direct customers include original equipment
manufacturers, or OEMs, original device manufacturers, or ODMs, system integrators and distributors which we partner with to help bring our products to
market. We also have partnerships in automotive, healthcare, financial services, manufacturing, retail, and technology among others, to accelerate the adoption
of AI.
At the foundation of the NVIDIA accelerated computing platform are our GPUs, which excel at parallel workloads such as the training and inferencing of neural
networks. They are available in the NVIDIA accelerated computing platform and in
5

Table of Contents
industry standard servers from every major cloud provider and server maker. Beyond GPUs, our data center platform expanded to include DPUs in fiscal year
2022 and CPUs in fiscal year 2024. We can optimize across the entire computing, networking and storage stack to deliver data center-scale computing
solutions.
While our approach starts with powerful chips, what makes it a full-stack computing platform is our large body of software, including the CUDA parallel
programming model, the CUDA-X collection of acceleration libraries, APIs, SDKs, and domain-specific application frameworks.
In addition to software delivered to customers as an integral part of our data center computing platform, we offer paid licenses to NVIDIA AI Enterprise, a
comprehensive suite of enterprise-grade AI software and NVIDIA vGPU software for graphics-rich virtual desktops and workstations. We also offer the NVIDIA
DGX Cloud, a fully managed AI-training-as-a-service platform which includes cloud-based infrastructure and software for AI, customizable pretrained AI models,
and access to NVIDIA experts.
In fiscal year 2025, we launched the NVIDIA Blackwell architecture, a full set of data center scale infrastructure that includes GPUs, CPUs, DPUs, interconnects,
switch chips and systems, and networking adapters. Blackwell excels at processing cutting edge generative AI and accelerated computing workloads with
market leading performance and efficiency. Offered in a number of configurations, it can address the needs of customers across industries and a diverse set of
AI and accelerated computing use cases.
Gaming
Gaming is the largest entertainment industry, with PC gaming as the predominant platform. Many factors propel its growth, including new high production value
games and franchises, the continued rise of competitive gaming, or eSports, social connectivity and the increasing popularity of game streamers, modders, or
gamers who remaster games, and creators.
Our gaming platforms leverage our GPUs and sophisticated software to enhance the gaming experience with smoother, higher quality graphics. We developed
NVIDIA RTX to bring next generation graphics and AI to games. NVIDIA RTX features ray tracing technology for real-time, cinematic-quality rendering. Ray
tracing, which has long been used for special effects in the movie industry, is a computationally intensive technique that simulates the physical behavior of light
to achieve greater realism in computer-generated scenes. NVIDIA RTX also features deep learning super sampling, or NVIDIA DLSS, our AI technology that
boosts frame rates while generating beautiful, sharp images for games. RTX GPUs will also accelerate a new generation of AI applications. With an installed
base of over 100 million AI capable PCs, more than 700 RTX AI-enabled applications and games, and a robust suite of development tools, RTX is already the AI
PC leader.
Our products for the gaming market include GeForce RTX and GeForce GTX GPUs for gaming desktop and laptop PCs, GeForce NOW cloud gaming for
playing PC games on underpowered devices, as well as SoCs and development services for game consoles.
In fiscal year 2025, we launched the NVIDIA Blackwell GeForce RTX 50 Series family of desktop and laptop GPUs. The Blackwell architecture introduced neural
graphics which combines AI models with traditional rendering to unlock a new era of graphics innovation. The RTX 50 Series also features the next generation of
our DLSS technology powered for the first time by a transformer model architecture. Together these technologies help deliver up to a 2x leap in performance and
stunning visual realism for PC gamers, developers, and creatives.
Professional Visualization
We serve the Professional Visualization market by working closely with independent software vendors, or ISVs, to optimize their offerings for NVIDIA GPUs. Our
GPU computing platform enhances productivity and introduces new capabilities for critical workflows in many fields, such as design and manufacturing and
digital content creation. Design and manufacturing encompass computer-aided design, architectural design, consumer-products manufacturing, medical
instrumentation, and aerospace. Digital content creation includes professional video editing and post-production, special effects for films, and broadcast-
television graphics. Additionally, the infusion of generative AI into an increasing number of applications is giving rise to the need for the enhanced AI processing
capabilities of our RTX GPUs.
The NVIDIA RTX platform makes it possible to render film-quality, photorealistic objects and environments with physically accurate shadows, reflections and
refractions using ray tracing in real-time. Many leading 3D design and content creation applications developed by our ecosystem partners now support RTX,
allowing professionals to accelerate and transform their workflows with NVIDIA RTX GPUs and software.
We offer NVIDIA Omniverse as a development platform and operating system for building and running virtual world simulation applications, available as a
software subscription for enterprise use and free for individual use. Industrial enterprises are adopting Omniverse’s 3D and simulation technologies to digitalize
their complex physical assets, processes, and environments – building digital twins of factories, real time 3D product configurators, testing and validating
autonomous robots and vehicles, powered by NVIDIA accelerated computing infrastructure on-premises and in the cloud.
6

Table of Contents
Automotive
Automotive is comprised of platform solutions for automated driving from the cloud to the car. Leveraging our technology leadership in AI and building on our
long-standing automotive relationships, we are delivering a complete end-to-end solution for the AV market under the DRIVE Hyperion brand. We have
demonstrated multiple applications of AI within the car: AI can drive the car itself as a pilot in fully autonomous mode or it can also be a co-pilot, assisting the
human driver while creating a safer driving experience.
We are working with several hundred partners in the automotive ecosystem including automakers, truck makers, tier-one suppliers, sensor manufacturers,
automotive research institutions, HD mapping companies, and startups to develop and deploy AI systems for self-driving vehicles. Our unified AI computing
architecture starts with training deep neural networks using our Data Center computing solutions, and then running a full perception, fusion, planning, and control
stack within the vehicle on the NVIDIA DRIVE Hyperion platform. DRIVE Hyperion consists of the high-performance, energy efficient DRIVE AGX computing
hardware running an in-vehicle operating system (DRIVE OS), a reference sensor set that supports full self-driving capability as well as an open, modular DRIVE
software platform for autonomous driving, mapping, and parking services, and intelligent in-vehicle experiences.
In addition, we offer a scalable data center-based simulation solution based on NVIDIA Omniverse software to develop synthetic data for AI model training, as
well as for testing and validating a self-driving platform. Our unique end-to-end, software-defined approach is designed for continuous innovation and continuous
development, enabling cars to receive over-the-air updates to add new features and capabilities throughout the life of a vehicle.
Business Strategies
NVIDIA’s key strategies that shape our overall business approach include:
Advancing the NVIDIA accelerated computing platform. Our accelerated computing platform can solve complex problems in significantly less time and with
lower power consumption than alternative computational approaches. Indeed, it can help solve problems that were previously deemed unsolvable. We work to
deliver continued performance leaps that outpace Moore’s Law by leveraging innovation across the architecture, chip design, system, interconnect, algorithm,
and software layers. This full-stack innovation approach allows us to deliver order-of-magnitude performance advantages relative to legacy approaches in our
target markets, which include Data Center, Gaming, Professional Visualization, and Automotive. While the computing requirements of these end markets are
diverse, we address them with a unified underlying architecture leveraging our GPUs, CPUs, CUDA and networking technologies as the fundamental building
blocks. The programmable nature of our architecture allows us to make leveraged investments in research and development: we can support several multi-
billion-dollar end markets with shared underlying technology by using a variety of software stacks developed either internally or by third-party developers and
partners. We utilize this platform approach in each of our target markets.
Extending our technology and platform leadership in AI. We provide a complete, end-to-end accelerated computing platform for AI, addressing both training
and inferencing. This includes full-stack data center-scale compute and networking solutions across processing units, interconnects, systems, and software. Our
compute solutions include all three major processing units in AI servers – GPUs, CPUs, and DPUs. GPUs are uniquely suited to AI, and we will continue to add
AI-specific features to our GPU architecture to further extend our leadership position.
In addition, we offer DGX Cloud, a fully managed AI-training-as-a-service platform, along with NVIDIA AI Enterprise—a comprehensive software suite designed
to simplify the development and deployment of production-grade, end-to-end generative AI applications. NVIDIA AI Enterprise includes: NVIDIA NIM, which
delivers a 2.5x increase in token throughput using industry-leading open and proprietary models; NVIDIA NeMo, a complete solution for curating, fine-tuning,
evaluating, and safeguarding domain-adapted models; and AI Blueprints, pre-built, runnable templates that help enterprises build, optimize, and deploy AI
agents while preserving privacy. These tools enable organizations to securely develop and run AI applications on NVIDIA-accelerated infrastructure anywhere.
Our AI technology leadership is reinforced by our large and expanding ecosystem in a virtuous cycle. Our computing platforms are available from virtually every
major server maker and CSP, as well as on our own AI supercomputers. There are over 5.9 million developers worldwide using CUDA and our other software
tools to help deploy our technology in our target markets. We evangelize AI through partnerships with hundreds of universities and thousands of startups through
our Inception program. Additionally, our Deep Learning Institute provides instruction on the latest techniques on how to design, train, and deploy neural networks
in applications using our accelerated computing platform.
Extending our technology and platform leadership in computer graphics. We believe that computer graphics infused with AI is fundamental to the
continued expansion and evolution of computing. We apply our research and development resources to enhance the user experience for consumer
entertainment and professional visualization applications and create new virtual world and simulation capabilities. Our technologies are instrumental in driving
the gaming, design, and creative industries forward, as developers leverage our libraries and algorithms to deliver an optimized experience on our GeForce and
NVIDIA RTX platforms. Our computer graphics platforms leverage AI end-to-end, from the developer tools and cloud services to the Tensor Cores included in all
RTX-class GPUs. For example, NVIDIA Avatar Cloud Engine, or ACE, is
7

Table of Contents
a suite of technologies that help developers bring digital avatars to life with generative AI, running in the cloud or locally on the PC. GeForce Experience
enhances each gamer’s experience by optimizing their PC’s settings, as well as enabling the recording and sharing of gameplay. Our Studio drivers enhance
and accelerate a number of popular creative applications. Omniverse is real-time 3D design collaboration and virtual world simulation software that empowers
artists, designers, and creators to connect and collaborate in leading design applications. We also enable interactive graphics applications - such as games,
movie and photo editing and design software - to be accessed by almost any device, almost anywhere, through our cloud platforms such as vGPU for enterprise
and GeForce NOW for gaming.
Advancing the leading autonomous vehicle platform. We believe the advent of autonomous vehicles, or AV, and electric vehicles, or EV, is revolutionizing
the transportation industry. The algorithms required for autonomous driving - such as perception, localization, and planning - are too complex for legacy hand-
coded approaches and will use multiple neural networks instead. Therefore, we provide an AI-based hardware and software solution, designed and implemented
from the ground up based on automotive safety standards, for the AV and EV market under the DRIVE brand, which we are bringing to market through our
partnerships with automotive OEMs, tier-1 suppliers, and start-ups. Our AV solution also includes the GPU-based hardware required to train the neural networks
before their in-vehicle deployment, as well as to re-simulate their operation prior to any over-the-air software updates. We believe our comprehensive, top-to-
bottom and end-to-end approach will enable the transportation industry to solve the complex problems arising from the shift to autonomous driving.
Leveraging our intellectual property, or IP. We believe our IP is a valuable asset that can be accessed by our customers and partners through license and
development agreements when they desire to build such capabilities directly into their own products or have us do so through a custom development. Such
license and development arrangements can further enhance the reach of our technology.
Sales and Marketing
Our worldwide sales and marketing strategy is key to achieving our objective of providing markets with our high-performance and efficient computing platforms
and software. Our sales and marketing teams, located across our global markets, work closely with customers and various industry ecosystems through our
partner network. Our partner network incorporates global, regional and specialized CSPs, OEMs, ODMs, ISVs, global system integrators, add-in board
manufacturers, or AIBs, distributors, automotive manufacturers and tier-1 automotive suppliers, and other ecosystem participants.
Members of our sales team have technical expertise and product and industry knowledge. We also employ a team of application engineers and solution
architects to provide pre-sales assistance to our partner network in designing, testing, and qualifying system designs that incorporate our platforms. For
example, our solution architects work with CSPs to provide pre-sales assistance to enable our customers to optimize their hardware and software infrastructure
for generative AI and LLM training and deployment. They also work with foundation model and enterprise software developers to enable our customers to
optimize the training and fine-tuning of their models and services, and with enterprise end-users, often in collaboration with their global system integrator of
choice, to fine-tune models and build AI applications. We believe that the depth and quality of our design support are key to improving our partner network’s
time-to-market, maintaining a high level of customer satisfaction, and fostering relationships that encourage our customers and partner network to use the next
generation of our products within each platform.
To encourage the development of applications optimized for our platforms and software, we seek to establish and maintain strong relationships in the software
development community. Engineering and marketing personnel engage with key software developers to promote and discuss our platforms, as well as to
ascertain individual product requirements and solve technical problems. Our developer program supports the development of AI frameworks, SDKs, and APIs for
software applications and game titles that are optimized for our platforms. Our Deep Learning Institute provides in-person and online training for developers in
industries and organizations around the world to build AI and accelerated computing applications that leverage our platforms.
Seasonality
Our computing platforms serve a diverse set of markets such as data centers, gaming, professional visualization, and automotive. Our desktop gaming products
typically see stronger revenue in the second half of our fiscal year. Historical seasonality trends may not repeat.
Manufacturing
We utilize a fabless and contracting manufacturing strategy, whereby we employ and partner with key suppliers for all phases of the manufacturing process,
including wafer fabrication, assembly, testing, and packaging. We use the expertise of industry-leading suppliers that are certified by the International
Organization for Standardization in such areas as fabrication, assembly, quality control and assurance, reliability, and testing. Additionally, we can avoid many of
the significant costs and risks associated with owning and operating manufacturing operations. While we may directly procure certain raw materials used in the
production of our products, such as memory, substrates, and a variety of components, our suppliers are responsible for procurement of most raw materials used
in the production of our products. As a result, we can focus our resources on product design, quality assurance, marketing, and customer support. In periods
8

Table of Contents
of growth, we may place non-cancellable inventory orders for certain product components in advance of our historical lead times, pay premiums, or provide
deposits to secure future supply and capacity and may need to continue to do so.
We have expanded our supplier relationships to build redundancy and resilience in our operations to provide long-term manufacturing capacity aligned with
growing customer demand. Our supply chain is mainly concentrated in the Asia-Pacific region. We utilize foundries, such as Taiwan Semiconductor
Manufacturing Company Limited, or TSMC, and Samsung Electronics Co., Ltd., or Samsung, to produce our semiconductor wafers. We purchase memory from
SK Hynix Inc., Micron Technology, Inc., and Samsung. We utilize CoWoS technology for semiconductor packaging. We engage with independent subcontractors
and contract manufacturers such as Hon Hai Precision Industry Co., Ltd., Wistron Corporation, and Fabrinet to perform assembly, testing and packaging of our
final products.
Competition
The market for our products is intensely competitive and is characterized by rapid technological change and evolving industry standards. We believe that the
principal competitive factors in this market are performance, breadth of product offerings, access to customers and partners and distribution channels, software
support, conformity to industry standard APIs, manufacturing capabilities, processor pricing, and total system costs. We believe that our ability to remain
competitive will depend on how well we are able to anticipate the features and functions that customers and partners will demand and whether we are able to
deliver consistent volumes of our products at acceptable levels of quality and at competitive prices. We expect competition to increase from both existing
competitors and new market entrants with products that may be lower priced than ours or may provide better performance or additional features not provided by
our products. In addition, it is possible that new competitors or alliances among competitors could emerge and acquire significant market share.
A significant source of competition comes from companies that provide or intend to provide GPUs, CPUs, DPUs, embedded SoCs, and other accelerated, AI
computing processor products, and providers of semiconductor-based high-performance interconnect products based on InfiniBand, Ethernet, Fibre Channel,
and proprietary technologies. Some of our competitors may have greater marketing, financial, distribution and manufacturing resources than we do and may be
more able to adapt to customers or technological changes. We expect an increasingly competitive environment in the future.
Our current competitors include:
•
suppliers and licensors of hardware and software for discrete and integrated GPUs, custom chips and other accelerated computing solutions, including
solutions offered for AI, such as Advanced Micro Devices, Inc., or AMD, Huawei Technologies Co. Ltd., or Huawei, and Intel Corporation, or Intel;
•
large cloud services companies with internal teams designing hardware and software that incorporate accelerated or AI computing functionality as part
of their internal solutions or platforms, such as Alibaba Group, Alphabet Inc., Amazon, Inc., or Amazon, Baidu, Inc., Huawei, and Microsoft Corporation,
or Microsoft;
•
suppliers of Arm-based CPUs and companies that incorporate hardware and software for CPUs as part of their internal solutions or platforms, such as
Amazon, Huawei, and Microsoft;
•
suppliers of hardware and software for SoC products that are used in servers or embedded into automobiles, autonomous machines, and gaming
devices, such as Ambarella, Inc., AMD, Broadcom, Inc., or Broadcom, Intel, Qualcomm Incorporated, Renesas Electronics Corporation, and Samsung,
or companies with internal teams designing SoC products for their own products and services, such as Tesla, Inc.; and
•
networking products consisting of switches, network adapters (including DPUs), and cable solutions (including optical modules) include such as AMD,
Arista Networks, Broadcom, Cisco Systems, Inc., Hewlett Packard Enterprise Company, Huawei, Intel, Lumentum Holdings Inc., and Marvell
Technology, Inc. as well as internal teams of system vendors and large cloud services companies.
Patents and Proprietary Rights
We rely primarily on a combination of patents, trademarks, trade secrets, employee and third-party nondisclosure agreements, and licensing arrangements to
protect our IP in the United States and internationally. Our currently issued patents have expiration dates from February 2025 to June 2045. We have numerous
patents issued, allowed, and pending in the United States and in foreign jurisdictions. Our patents and pending patent applications primarily relate to our
products and the technology used in connection with our products. We also rely on international treaties, organizations, and foreign laws to protect our IP. The
laws of certain foreign countries in which our products are or may be manufactured or sold, including various countries in Asia, may not protect our products or
IP rights to the same extent as the laws of the United States. This decreased protection makes the possibility of piracy of our technology and products more
likely. We continuously assess whether and where to seek formal protection for innovations and technologies based on such factors as:
•
the location in which our products are manufactured;
9

Table of Contents
•
our strategic technology or product directions in different countries;
•
the degree to which IP laws exist and are meaningfully enforced in different jurisdictions; and
•
the commercial significance of our operations and our competitors' operations in particular countries and regions.
We have licensed technology from third parties and expect to continue entering such license agreements.
Government Regulations
Our worldwide business activities are subject to various laws, rules, and regulations of the United States as well as of foreign governments.
Over the past three years, we have been subject to a series of shifting and expanding export control restrictions, impacting our ability to serve customers outside
the United States.
In August 2022, the U.S. government, or the USG, announced licensing requirements that, with certain exceptions, impact exports to China (including Hong
Kong and Macau) and Russia of our A100 and H100 integrated circuits, DGX or any other systems or boards which incorporate A100 or H100 integrated circuits.
In July 2023, the USG informed us of an additional licensing requirement for a subset of A100 and H100 products destined to certain customers and other
regions, including some countries in the Middle East.
In October 2023, the USG announced new and updated licensing requirements that became effective in our fourth quarter of fiscal year 2024 for exports to
China and Country Groups D1, D4, and D5 (including but not limited to Saudi Arabia, the United Arab Emirates, and Vietnam, but excluding Israel) of our
products exceeding certain performance thresholds, including, but not limited to, the A100, A800, H100, H800, L4, L40, L40S and RTX 4090. The licensing
requirements also apply to the export of products exceeding certain performance thresholds to a party headquartered in, or with an ultimate parent
headquartered in, Country Group D5, including China. On October 23, 2023, the USG informed us that the licensing requirements were effective immediately for
shipments of our A100, A800, H100, H800, and L40S products (removing the grace period granted by the official rule). Blackwell systems, such as GB200 NVL
72 and NVL 36 as well as B200 are also subject to these requirements and therefore require a license for any shipment to certain entities and to China and
Country Groups D1, D4 and D5, excluding Israel. To date, we have not received licenses to ship these restricted products to China. Additionally, we understand
that partners and customers have also not received a license to ship these restricted products.
On January 15, 2025, the USG published the “AI Diffusion” IFR in the Federal Register. After a 120-day delayed compliance period, the IFR will, unless modified,
impose a worldwide licensing requirement on all products classified under Export Control Classification Numbers, or ECCNs, 3A090.a, 4A090.a, or
corresponding .z ECCNs, including all related software and technology. Any system that incorporates one or more of the covered integrated circuits, or ICs,
(including but not limited to NVIDIA DGX, HGX, and MGX systems) will be covered by the new licensing requirement. The licensing requirement will include
future NVIDIA ICs, boards, or systems classified with ECCN 3A090.a or 4A090.a, or corresponding .z ECCNs, achieving certain total processing performance
and/or performance density.
Unless a license exception is available, the worldwide licensing requirements will apply to the following NVIDIA products, and any others we develop that meet
the characteristics of 3A090.a or 4A090.a, including but not limited to: A100, A800, H100, H200, H800, B100, B200, GB200, L4, L40S, and RTX 6000 Ada.
Our competitive position has been harmed by the existing export controls, and our competitive position and future results may be further harmed, over the long
term, if there are further changes in the USG’s export controls. Given the increasing strategic importance of AI and rising geopolitical tensions, the USG has
changed and may again change the export control rules at any time and further subject a wider range of our products to export restrictions and licensing
requirements, negatively impacting our business and financial results. In the event of such change, we may be unable to sell our inventory of such products and
may be unable to develop replacement products not subject to the licensing requirements, effectively excluding us from all or part of the China market, as well as
other impacted markets, including the Middle East and countries designated “Tier 2” by the AI Diffusion IFR. In addition to export controls, the USG may impose
restrictions on the import and sale of products that incorporate technologies developed or manufactured in whole or in part in China. For example, the USG is
considering restrictions on the import and sale of certain automotive products in the United States, which if adopted and interpreted broadly, could impact our
ability to develop and supply solutions for our automotive customers.
While we work to enhance the resiliency and redundancy of our supply chain, which is currently concentrated in the Asia-Pacific region, new and existing export
controls or changes to existing export controls could limit alternative manufacturing locations and negatively impact our business. Refer to “Item 1A. Risk Factors
– Risks Related to Regulatory, Legal, Our Stock and Other Matters” for a discussion of this potential impact.
10

Table of Contents
Compliance with laws, rules, and regulations has not otherwise had a material effect upon our capital expenditures, results of operations, or competitive position
and we do not currently anticipate material capital expenditures for environmental control facilities. Compliance with existing or future governmental regulations,
including, but not limited to, those pertaining to IP ownership and infringement, taxes, import and export requirements and tariffs, anti-corruption, business
acquisitions, foreign exchange controls and cash repatriation restrictions, data privacy requirements, competition and antitrust, advertising, employment, product
regulations, cybersecurity, environmental, health and safety requirements, the responsible use of AI, climate change, cryptocurrency, and consumer laws, could
further increase our costs, impact our competitive position, and otherwise may have a material adverse impact on our business, financial condition and results of
operations in subsequent periods. Refer to “Item 1A. Risk Factors” for a discussion of these potential impacts.
Sustainability and Governance
NVIDIA invents computing technologies that improve lives and address global challenges. Our goal is to integrate sound environmental, social, and corporate
governance principles and practices into every aspect of the Company. The Nominating and Corporate Governance Committee of our Board of Directors is
responsible for reviewing and discussing with management our practices related to sustainability and corporate governance. We assess our programs annually
in consideration of stakeholder expectations, market trends, and business risks and opportunities. These issues are important for our continued business
success and reflect the topics of highest concern to NVIDIA and our stakeholders.
The following section and the Human Capital Management Section below provide an overview of our principles and practices. More information can be found on
our website and in our annual Sustainability Report. Information contained on our website or in our annual Sustainability Report is not incorporated by reference
into this or any other report we file with the Securities and Exchange Commission, or the SEC. Refer to “Item 1A. Risk Factors” for a discussion of risks and
uncertainties we face related to sustainability.
Climate Change
In the area of environmental sustainability, we work to address our climate impacts across our product lifecycle and assess related risks, including current and
emerging regulations and market impacts.
In May 2024, we published metrics related to our environmental impact for fiscal year 2024. Fiscal year 2025 metrics are expected to be published in the first
half of fiscal year 2026. There has been no material impact to our capital expenditures, results of operations or competitive position associated with global
environmental sustainability regulations, compliance, or costs from sourcing renewable energy. We committed to purchase or generate enough renewable
energy to match 100% of our global electricity usage for offices and data centers under our operational control starting with our fiscal year 2025. In fiscal year
2024, we made progress towards this goal and increased the percentage of our electricity use matched by renewable energy to 76%. By the end of fiscal year
2026, we also aim to engage manufacturing suppliers comprising at least 67% of NVIDIA’s scope 3 category 1 GHG emissions with the goal of effecting supplier
adoption of science-based targets.
Whether it is creation of technology to power next-generation laptops or designs to support high-performance supercomputers, improving energy efficiency is
important in our research, development, and design processes. GPU-accelerated computing is inherently more energy efficient than traditional computing for
many workloads because it is optimized for throughput, performance per watt, and certain AI workloads. We continue to have a strong presence on the
Green500 list of the most energy-efficient systems—we powered 8 of the top 10 most energy efficient systems, including the top supercomputer, on the
November 2024 Green500 list.
We launched our Earth-2 initiative to create a digital twin of the Earth on NVIDIA AI and NVIDIA Omniverse platforms. Earth-2 will enable scientists, companies,
and policy makers to do ultra-high-resolution predictions of the impact of climate change and explore mitigation and adaptation strategies.
Human Capital Management
We believe that our employees are our greatest assets, and they play a key role in creating long-term value for our stakeholders. As of the end of fiscal year
2025, we had approximately 36,000 employees in 38 countries; 27,100 were engaged in research and development and 8,900 were engaged in sales,
marketing, operations, and administrative positions. The Compensation Committee of our Board of Directors assists in the oversight of policies and strategies
relating to human capital management.
To execute our business strategy successfully, we must recruit, develop, and retain the very best talent globally, including exceptional executives, scientists,
engineers, and technical and non-technical staff.
Recruitment
As the demand for global technical talent continues to be high, we have grown our technical workforce and have been successful in attracting top talent to
NVIDIA. We have attracted talent worldwide through our strong employer brand and differentiated hiring strategies for college, professional, and leadership
talent. Our workforce is 82% technical and 51%
11

Table of Contents
hold advanced degrees. Additionally, we have increased our focus on diversity recruiting and we welcome employees of all backgrounds. Our own employees
also help to surface top talent, with over 41% of our new hires in fiscal year 2025 coming from employee referrals.
Development and Retention
To support employee development, we provide opportunities to learn on-the-job through training courses, targeted development programs, mentoring and peer
coaching and ongoing feedback. We constantly upgrade our learning offerings to ensure that our employees are exposed to the most current content and
technologies available. We offer tuition reimbursement programs to subsidize educational programs and advanced certifications and encourage internal job
mobility. We have also implemented specifically designed mentoring and development programs for women and employees from traditionally underrepresented
groups to ensure widespread readiness for future advancement.
To evaluate employee sentiment and engagement, we use pulse surveys, a suggestion box, and an anonymous third-party platform. We want NVIDIA to be a
place where people can grow their careers over their lifetime and our employees tend to come and stay. In fiscal year 2025, our overall turnover rate was 2.5%.
Compensation, Benefits, and Well-Being
Our compensation program rewards performance and is structured to encourage employees to invest in the Company’s future. Employees receive equity, except
where unavailable due to local regulations, that is tied to the value of our stock price and vests over time to retain employees while simultaneously aligning their
interests with those of our shareholders.
We offer comprehensive benefits to support our employees’ and their families’ physical health, well-being, and financial health. Programs include 401(k)
programs in the U.S., statutory and supplemental pension programs outside the U.S., our employee stock purchase program, flexible work hours, and time off
policies. We evaluate our benefit offerings globally and aim to provide comparable support across the regions where we operate. We offer tailored benefits
based on the needs of our employees including continuing support for parents; both new birth parents and those who wish to become parents. Our support is
enhanced during times of crisis, such as war or economic volatility, to take care of our existing team of world-class talent and their families.
Diversity, Inclusion and Belonging at NVIDIA
We believe that diverse teams fuel innovation, and we are committed to creating an inclusive culture that supports all our employees.
When recruiting new talent or developing our current employees, we strive to build a diverse talent pipeline that includes those underrepresented in the
technology field, including women, Black/African American, and Hispanic/Latino candidates.
To this end, we:
•
Hire, promote and compensate our employees based on merit;
•
Partner with institutions and professional organizations serving historically underrepresented communities;
•
Enlist dedicated recruiting teams to shepherd underrepresented candidates through the interview process and identify internal opportunities;
•
Support the development and growth of women employees through programs aimed at building a pipeline of future leaders;
•
Provide peer support and executive sponsors for our internal community resource groups;
•
Provide training and education to managers and peers on fostering supportive environments that allow all our employees to do their best work;
•
Track equity and parity in retention, promotions, pay, and employee engagement scores; and
•
Measure year over year progress and provide leadership visibility on talent and diversity efforts.
As of the end of fiscal year 2025, our global workforce was 78% male, 21% female, and 1% not declared, with 6% of our workforce in the United States
composed of Black or African American and Hispanic or Latino employees.
Flexible Working Environment
We support a flexible work environment allowing us to recruit the very best employees, regardless of where they live. This flexibility supports diverse hiring,
retention of talent, including working parents and other caregivers and employee engagement, which we believe makes NVIDIA a great place to work. We also
provide company-wide 2-days off per quarter for employees to rest and recharge.
12

Table of Contents
Information About Our Executive Officers
The following sets forth certain information regarding our executive officers, their ages, and positions as of February 21, 2025:
Name
Age
Position
Jen-Hsun Huang
62
President and Chief Executive Officer
Colette M. Kress
57
Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer
Ajay K. Puri
70
Executive Vice President, Worldwide Field Operations
Debora Shoquist
70
Executive Vice President, Operations
Timothy S. Teter
58
Executive Vice President and General Counsel
Jen-Hsun Huang co-founded NVIDIA in 1993 and has served as our President, Chief Executive Officer, and a member of the Board of Directors since our
inception. From 1985 to 1993, Mr. Huang was employed at LSI Logic Corporation, a computer chip manufacturer, where he held a variety of positions including
as Director of Coreware, the business unit responsible for LSI's SOC. From 1983 to 1985, Mr. Huang was a microprocessor designer for AMD, a semiconductor
company. Mr. Huang holds a B.S.E.E. degree from Oregon State University and an M.S.E.E. degree from Stanford University.
Colette M. Kress joined NVIDIA in 2013 as Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer. Prior to NVIDIA, Ms. Kress most recently served as Senior
Vice President and Chief Financial Officer of the Business Technology and Operations Finance organization at Cisco Systems, Inc., a networking equipment
company, since 2010. At Cisco, Ms. Kress was responsible for financial strategy, planning, reporting and business development for all business segments,
engineering and operations. From 1997 to 2010 Ms. Kress held a variety of positions at Microsoft, a software company, including, beginning in 2006, Chief
Financial Officer of the Server and Tools division, where Ms. Kress was responsible for financial strategy, planning, reporting and business development for the
division. Prior to joining Microsoft, Ms. Kress spent eight years at Texas Instruments Incorporated, a semiconductor company, where she held a variety of finance
positions. Ms. Kress holds a B.S. degree in Finance from University of Arizona and an M.B.A. degree from Southern Methodist University.
Ajay K. Puri joined NVIDIA in 2005 as Senior Vice President, Worldwide Sales and became Executive Vice President, Worldwide Field Operations in 2009. Prior
to NVIDIA, he held positions in sales, marketing, and general management over a 22-year career at Sun Microsystems, Inc., a computing systems company. Mr.
Puri previously held marketing, management consulting, and product development positions at Hewlett-Packard, an information technology company, Booz Allen
Hamilton Inc., a management and technology consulting company, and Texas Instruments Incorporated. Mr. Puri holds a B.S.E.E. degree from the University of
Minnesota, an M.S.E.E. degree from the California Institute of Technology and an M.B.A. degree from Harvard Business School.
Debora Shoquist joined NVIDIA in 2007 as Senior Vice President of Operations and in 2009 became Executive Vice President of Operations. Prior to NVIDIA,
Ms. Shoquist served from 2004 to 2007 as Executive Vice President of Operations at JDS Uniphase Corp., a provider of communications test and measurement
solutions and optical products for the telecommunications industry. She served from 2002 to 2004 as Senior Vice President and General Manager of the Electro-
Optics business at Coherent, Inc., a manufacturer of commercial and scientific laser equipment. Previously, she worked at Quantum Corp., a data protection
company, as President of the Personal Computer Hard Disk Drive Division, and at Hewlett-Packard. Ms. Shoquist holds a B.S. degree in Electrical Engineering
from Kansas State University and a B.S. degree in Biology from Santa Clara University.
Timothy S. Teter joined NVIDIA in 2017 as Senior Vice President, General Counsel and Secretary and became Executive Vice President, General Counsel and
Secretary in February 2018. Prior to NVIDIA, Mr. Teter spent more than two decades at the law firm of Cooley LLP, where he focused on litigating patent and
technology related matters. Prior to attending law school, he worked as an engineer at Lockheed Missiles and Space Company, an aerospace company. Mr.
Teter holds a B.S. degree in Mechanical Engineering from the University of California at Davis and a J.D. degree from Stanford Law School.
Available Information
Our annual reports on Form 10-K, quarterly reports on Form 10-Q, current reports on Form 8-K and, if applicable, amendments to those reports filed or furnished
pursuant to Section 13(a) or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended, or the Exchange Act, are available free of charge on or through our
website, http://www.nvidia.com, as soon as reasonably practicable after we electronically file such material with, or furnish it to, the Securities and Exchange
Commission, or the SEC. The SEC’s website, http://www.sec.gov, contains reports, proxy and information statements, and other information regarding issuers
that file electronically with the SEC. Our web site and the information on it or connected to it are not a part of this Annual Report on Form 10-K.
Item 1A. Risk Factors
The following risk factors should be considered in addition to the other information in this Annual Report on Form 10-K. The following risks could harm our
business, financial condition, results of operations or reputation, which could cause our stock
13

Table of Contents
price to decline. Additional risks, trends and uncertainties not presently known to us or that we currently believe are immaterial may also harm our business,
financial condition, results of operations or reputation. 
Risk Factors Summary
Risks Related to Our Industry and Markets
•
Failure to meet the evolving needs of our industry and markets may adversely impact our financial results. 
•
Competition could adversely impact our market share and financial results. 
Risks Related to Demand, Supply, and Manufacturing
•
Long manufacturing lead times and uncertain supply and component availability, combined with a failure to estimate customer demand accurately has
led and could lead to mismatches between supply and demand.
•
Dependency on third-party suppliers and their technology to manufacture, assemble, test, or package our products reduces our control over product
quantity and quality, manufacturing yields, and product delivery schedules and could harm our business. 
•
Defects in our products have caused and could cause us to incur significant expenses to remediate and could damage our business. 
Risks Related to Our Global Operating Business
•
Adverse economic conditions may harm our business. 
•
International sales and operations are a significant part of our business, which exposes us to risks that could harm our business. 
•
Product, system security and data breaches and cyber-attacks could disrupt our operations and adversely affect our financial condition, stock price and
reputation. 
•
Business disruptions could harm our operations and financial results. 
•
Climate change may have a long-term impact on our business. 
•
We may not be able to realize the potential benefits of business investments or acquisitions, nor successfully integrate acquisition targets. 
•
A significant amount of our revenue stems from a limited number of partners and distributors and we have a concentration of sales to customers, and
our revenue could be adversely affected if we lose or are prevented from selling to any of these end customers. 
•
We may be unable to attract, retain, and motivate our executives and key employees. 
•
Modification or interruption of our business processes and information systems may disrupt our business and internal controls. 
•
Our operating results have in the past fluctuated and may in the future fluctuate, and if our operating results are below the expectations of securities
analysts or investors, our stock price could decline. 
Risks Related to Regulatory, Legal, Our Stock, and Other Matters
•
We are subject to complex laws, rules, regulations, and political and other actions, including restrictions on the export of our products, which may
adversely impact our business. 
•
Increased scrutiny regarding our corporate sustainability practices could result in financial, reputational, or operational harm and liability. 
•
Issues relating to the responsible use of our technologies, including AI, may result in reputational or financial harm and liability. 
•
Adequately protecting our IP rights could be costly, and our ability to compete could be harmed if we are unsuccessful or if we are prohibited from
making or selling our products. 
•
We are subject to stringent and changing data privacy and security laws, rules, regulations, and other obligations. These areas could damage our
reputation, deter customers, affect product design, or result in legal or regulatory proceedings and liability. 
14

Table of Contents
•
Our operating results may be adversely impacted by additional tax liabilities, higher than expected tax rates, changes in tax laws, and other tax-related
factors. 
•
Our business is exposed to the burden and risks associated with litigation, investigations, and regulatory proceedings. 
•
Delaware law, provisions in our governing documents and our agreement with Microsoft could delay or prevent a change in control. 
Risk Factors
Risks Related to Our Industry and Markets
Failure to meet the evolving needs of our industry and markets may adversely impact our financial results.
Our accelerated computing platforms experience rapid changes in technology, customer requirements, competitive products, and industry standards.
Our success depends on our ability to:
•
timely identify industry changes, adapt our strategies, and develop new or enhance and maintain existing products and technologies that meet the
evolving needs of our markets, including addressing unexpected shifts in industry standards or disruptive technological innovations that could render
our products incompatible with those developed by other companies;
•
develop or acquire new products and technologies through investments in research and development;
•
launch new offerings with new business models including software, services, and cloud solutions, as well as software-, infrastructure-, or platform-as-a-
service solutions;
•
expand the ecosystem for our products and technologies;
•
meet evolving and prevailing customer and industry safety, security, reliability expectations, and compliance standards;
•
manage product and software lifecycles to maintain customer and end-user satisfaction;
•
develop, acquire, maintain, and secure access to the internal and external infrastructure needed to scale our business, including sufficient energy for
powering data centers using our products, acquisition integrations, customer support, e-commerce, IP licensing capabilities, and cloud service capacity;
and
•
complete technical, financial, operational, compliance, sales and marketing investments for the above activities.
We have invested in research and development in markets where we have a limited operating history, which may not produce meaningful revenue for several
years, if at all. If we fail to develop or monetize new products and technologies, or if they do not become widely adopted, our financial results could be adversely
affected. Obtaining design wins may involve a lengthy process and depends on our ability to anticipate and provide features and functionality that customers will
demand. They also do not guarantee revenue. Failure to obtain a design win may prevent us from obtaining future design wins in subsequent generations. We
cannot ensure that our products and technologies will provide value to our customers and partners. If we fail any of these key success criteria, our financial
results may be harmed.
We offer enterprise customers NVIDIA DGX Cloud services, which include cloud-based infrastructure, software and services for training and deploying AI
models. We have partnered with CSPs to host such software and services in their data centers, and we entered and may continue to enter into multi-year cloud
service agreements to support these offerings and our research and development activities. The timing and availability of these cloud services have changed
and may continue to shift, impacting our revenue, expenses, and development timelines. NVIDIA DGX Cloud services may not be successful and will take time,
resources, and investment. We also offer or plan to offer standalone software solutions, including NVIDIA AI Enterprise, NVIDIA Omniverse, NVIDIA DRIVE, and
other software products. These new business models or strategies may not be successful, and we may fail to sell any meaningful standalone software or
services. We may incur significant costs and may not achieve any significant revenue from these offerings.
Competition could adversely impact our market share and financial results.
Our target markets remain competitive, and competition may intensify with expanding and changing product and service offerings, industry standards, customer
and market needs, new entrants and consolidations. Our competitors’ products, services and technologies, including those mentioned above in this Annual
Report on Form 10-K, may be cheaper or provide better functionality or features than ours, which has resulted and may in the future result in lower-than-
expected selling prices or demand for our products. Some of our competitors operate their own fabrication facilities, and have longer operating histories, larger
customer bases, more comprehensive IP portfolios and patent protections, more design
15

Table of Contents
wins, and greater financial, sales, marketing and distribution resources than we do. These competitors may be able to acquire market share and/or prevent us
from doing so, more effectively identify and capitalize upon opportunities in new markets and end-user trends, more quickly transition their products, and impinge
on our ability to procure sufficient foundry capacity and scarce input materials during a supply-constrained environment, which could harm our business. Some of
our customers have in-house expertise and internal development capabilities similar to some of ours and can use or develop their own solutions to replace those
we are providing. For example, others may offer cloud-based services that compete with our AI cloud service offerings, and we may not be able to establish
market share sufficient to achieve the scale necessary to meet our business objectives. If we are unable to successfully compete in this environment, demand
for our products, services and technologies could decrease and we may not establish meaningful revenue.
Risks Related to Demand, Supply, and Manufacturing
Long manufacturing lead times and uncertain supply and component availability, combined with a failure to estimate customer demand accurately,
has led and could lead to mismatches between supply and demand.
We have long manufacturing lead times and build finished products and maintain inventory in advance of anticipated demand. In periods of shortages impacting
the semiconductor industry and/or limited supply or capacity in our supply chain, the lead times for certain supply may be extended. We have previously
experienced and may continue to experience extended lead times of more than 12 months. To secure future supply and capacity, we have paid premiums,
provided deposits, and entered into long-term supply agreements and capacity commitments, which have increased our product costs and this may continue.
We may still be unable to secure sufficient commitments for capacity to address our business needs.
If we inaccurately estimate demand, or our customers change orders, as we have experienced in the past, we may not be able to reduce our supply
commitments in time, at the same rate, or at all. Significant mismatches between supply and demand have varied across our market platforms, resulted in both
product shortages and excess inventory, significantly harmed our financial results and could reoccur. If we underestimate demand, and our foundry partners and
contract manufacturers are unable to increase production or provide sufficient supply, we may not be able to meet increased customer demand in a timely
manner, or at all. Our reputation and customer relationships could be damaged and we could lose revenue and market share. Additionally, since some of our
products are part of a complex data center buildout, supply constraints or availability issues with respect to any one component have had and may have a
broader revenue impact. For example, our ability to sell certain products has been and could be impeded if components necessary for the finished products are
not available from third parties.
If we overestimate demand, or if customers cancel or defer orders or choose to purchase from our competitors, we may not be able to utilize on-hand inventory
or reduce purchase commitments accordingly. We have had to reduce average selling prices, including due to our channel pricing programs, increase prices for
certain of our products as a result of our suppliers’ increase in prices, write down our inventory, incur cancellation penalties, and record impairments, and may
have to do so in the future. These impacts would be amplified by our non-cancellable and non-returnable purchase orders placed in advance of our historical
lead times and could be exacerbated if we need to make changes to the design of future products. The risk of these impacts has increased and may continue to
increase as our purchase obligations and prepaids have grown and are expected to continue to grow and become a greater portion of our total supply. All of
these factors may negatively impact our gross margins and financial results.
Factors that have caused and/or could in the future cause us to underestimate or overestimate demand, and impact the timing and volume of our revenue,
include:
•
changes in product development cycles and time to market;
•
competing technologies and competitor product releases, announcements or other actions;
•
changes in business and economic conditions;
•
sudden or sustained government lockdowns or public health issues;
•
rapidly changing technology or customer requirements;
•
the availability of sufficient data center capacity or energy for customers to procure;
•
new product introductions and transitions resulting in less demand for existing products;
•
new or unexpected end-use cases;
•
increase in demand for competitive products;
•
changes in end-user demand;
16

Table of Contents
•
purchasing decisions made, and inventory levels held by, distributors, ODMs, OEMs, system integrators, other channel partners and other third parties;
•
the ability of developers, end customers and other third parties to build, enhance, and maintain accelerated computing applications that leverage our
platforms;
•
the availability of third-party content on our platforms, such as GeForce NOW;
•
the demand for accelerated computing, AI-related cloud services, or large language models;
•
changes that impact the ecosystem for the architectures underlying our products and technologies;
•
government actions or changes in governmental policies, such as export controls, increased restrictions on gaming usage, or tariffs; and
•
our customers' ability to invest in AI infrastructure.
Challenges in estimating demand could become more pronounced or volatile in the future on both a global and regional basis. Extended lead times may occur if
we experience other supply constraints caused by natural disasters, pandemics or other events. In addition, geopolitical tensions, such as those involving Taiwan
and China, which comprise a significant portion of our revenue and where we have suppliers, contract manufacturers, and assembly partners who are critical to
our supply continuity, could have a material adverse impact on us.
We continue to increase our supply and capacity purchases with existing and new suppliers to support our demand projections and increasing complexity of our
data center products. With these additions, we have also entered and may continue to enter into prepaid manufacturing and capacity agreements to supply both
current and future products. The increased purchase volumes and integration of new suppliers and contract manufacturers into our supply chain creates more
complexity in managing multiple suppliers with variations in production planning, execution and logistics. Our expanding product portfolio and varying component
compatibility and quality may lead to increased inventory levels. We have incurred and may in the future incur inventory provisions or impairments if our
inventory or supply or capacity commitments exceed demand for our products or demand declines.
Product transitions are complex and we often ship both new and prior architecture products simultaneously as our channel partners prepare to ship and support
new products. We are generally in various stages of transitioning the architectures of our Data Center, Gaming, Professional Visualization, and Automotive
products. The computing industry is experiencing a broader and faster launch cadence of accelerated computing platforms to meet a growing and diverse set of
AI opportunities. We have introduced a new product and architecture cadence of our Data Center solutions where we seek to complete new computing solutions
each year and provide a greater variety of Data Center offerings. The increased frequency of these transitions and the larger number of products and product
configurations may magnify the challenges associated with managing our supply and demand which may further create volatility in our revenue. Qualification
time for new products, customers anticipating product transitions, and channel partners reducing channel inventory of prior architectures ahead of new product
introductions can reduce, or create volatility in, our revenue. We have experienced and may in the future experience reduced demand for current generation
architectures when customers anticipate transitions, and we may be unable to sell multiple product architectures at the same time for current and future
architecture transitions. Our financial results have been and may in the future be negatively impacted if we are unable to execute our architectural transitions as
planned for any reason. The increased frequency and complexity of newly introduced products could result in unanticipated quality or production issues that
could increase the magnitude of inventory provisions, warranty, or other costs or result in product delays. For example, our gross margins in the second quarter
of fiscal year 2025 were negatively impacted by inventory provisions for low-yielding Blackwell material.
We incur significant engineering development resources for new products, and changes to our product roadmap may impact our ability to develop other products
or adequately manage our supply chain cost. Customers may delay purchasing existing products as we increase the frequency of new products or may not be
able to adopt our new products as fast as forecasted, both impacting the timing of our revenue and supply chain cost. While we have managed prior product
transitions and have sold multiple product architectures at the same time, these transitions are difficult, may impair our ability to predict demand and impact our
supply mix, and may cause us to incur additional costs.
Demand estimates for our products, applications, and services can be incorrect, which may create volatility in our revenue or supply levels. We may not be able
to generate significant revenue from them. Because our products may be used in multiple use cases and applications, it is difficult to estimate with any
reasonable degree of precision the impact of generative AI models on our reported revenue or forecasted demand.
The use of our GPUs for new, mercurial, or trendy applications, has impacted and can impact in the future demand for our products, including by leading to
inconsistent spikes and drops in demand. For example, several years ago, our Gaming GPUs began to be used for mining digital currencies, such as Ethereum.
It is difficult for us to estimate with any reasonable degree of precision the past or current impact of cryptocurrency mining, or forecast the future impact of
17

Table of Contents
cryptocurrency mining, on demand for our products. Volatility in the cryptocurrency market, including new compute technologies, price changes in
cryptocurrencies, government cryptocurrency policies and regulations, new cryptocurrency standards and changes in the method of verifying blockchain
transactions, has impacted and can in the future impact cryptocurrency mining and demand for our products and can further impact our ability to estimate
demand for our products. Changes to cryptocurrency standards and processes including, but not limited to, the Ethereum 2.0 merge in 2022, have reduced and
may in the future decrease the usage of GPUs for Ethereum mining. This has created and may in the future create increased aftermarket sales of our GPUs,
which could negatively impact retail prices for our GPUs and reduce demand for our new GPUs. In general, our new products or previously sold products may
be resold online or on the unauthorized “gray market,” which also makes demand forecasting difficult. Gray market products and reseller marketplaces compete
with our new products and distribution channels. Our inability to accurately predict our demand that arises from new use cases may create volatility in our
revenue.
Dependency on third-party suppliers and their technology to manufacture, assemble, test, or package our products reduces our control over product
quantity and quality, manufacturing yields, and product delivery schedules and could harm our business.
We depend on foundries to manufacture our semiconductor wafers using their fabrication equipment and techniques. We do not assemble, test, or package our
products, but instead contract with independent subcontractors. These subcontractors assist with procuring components used in our systems, boards, and
products. We face risks which have adversely affected or could adversely affect our ability to meet customer demand and scale our supply chain, negatively
impact longer-term demand for our products and services, and adversely affect our business operations, gross margin, revenue and/or financial results,
including:
•
lack of guaranteed supply of wafer, component and capacity;
•
decommitment by our suppliers;
•
potential higher wafer and component prices resulting from incorrectly estimating demand and failing to place orders with our suppliers with sufficient
quantities or timely;
•
failure by our foundries or contract manufacturers to procure raw materials or provide adequate levels of manufacturing or test capacity for our
products;
•
failure by our foundries to develop, obtain, or successfully implement high quality process technologies, including transitions to smaller geometry
process technologies such as advanced process node technologies and memory designs needed to manufacture our products;
•
failure by our suppliers to comply with our policies and expectations and emerging regulatory requirements;
•
limited number and geographic concentration of global suppliers, foundries, contract manufacturers, assembly and test providers and memory
manufacturers;
•
loss of a supplier and additional expense and/or production delays as a result of qualifying a new foundry or subcontractor and commencing volume
production or testing in the event of a loss, addition or change of a supplier;
•
lack of direct control over product quantity, quality, and delivery schedules;
•
integration of new suppliers and contract manufacturers creating more complexity in managing multiple suppliers with variations in production planning,
execution, and logistics;
•
suppliers or their suppliers failing to provide high quality products and/or making changes to their products without our qualification;
•
delays in product shipments, shortages, a decrease in product quality and/or higher expenses in the event our subcontractors or foundries prioritize our
competitors’ or other customers’ orders over ours;
•
requirements to place orders that are not cancellable upon changes in demand or requirements to prepay for supply in advance;
•
low manufacturing yields resulting from issues in our product design or a foundry’s proprietary process technology;
•
suppliers extending lead times and/or increasing costs during shortages; and
•
disruptions in manufacturing, assembly and other processes due to closures related to heat waves, earthquakes, fires, or other natural disasters,
electricity conservation efforts, pandemics, and cybersecurity incidents.
18

Table of Contents
Defects in our products have caused and could cause us to incur significant expenses to remediate, which can damage our reputation and cause us
to lose market share.
Our hardware and software product and service offerings are complex. They have in the past and may in the future contain defects, security vulnerabilities,
experience failures, or unsatisfactory performance due to issues in design, fabrication, packaging, materials, bugs and/or use within a system. These risks may
also increase when our products are introduced into new devices, markets, technologies and applications, or new versions are released, and when we rely on
partners to supply and manufacture components that are used in our products, as these arrangements reduce our direct control over production. AI software
products that we or our partners offer rely on training data that may originate from third parties and new training methods, and the resulting products may contain
unknown or undetected defects and errors, or reflect unintended bias. Although arrangements with component providers may contain provisions for product
defect expense reimbursement, we generally remain responsible to the customer for warranty product defects that may occur from time to time. Some failures in
our products or services have been in the past and may in the future be only discovered after a product or service has been shipped or used.
Undiscovered vulnerabilities in our products or services could result in loss of data or intangible property, or expose our customers to unscrupulous third parties
who develop and deploy malicious software programs that could attack our products or services. Defects or failure of our offerings to perform to specifications
could lead to substantial damage to the products in which our offerings have been integrated by OEMs, ODMs, AIB manufacturers, automotive manufacturers,
and tier 1 automotive suppliers, and to the user of such end product. Any such defect may cause us to incur significant warranty, support, and repair or
replacement costs as part of a product recall or otherwise, write-off the value of related inventory, and divert the attention of our engineering and management
personnel from our product development efforts to find and correct the issue. Our efforts to remedy these issues may not be timely or satisfactory to our
customers. An error or defect in new products, releases or related software drivers after commencement of commercial shipments could result in failure to
achieve market acceptance, loss of design wins, temporary or permanent withdrawal from a product or market and harm to our relationships with existing and
prospective customers and partners and consumers’ perceptions of our brand, which would in turn negatively impact our business operations, gross margin,
revenue and/or financial results. We may be required to reimburse our customers, partners or consumers, including for costs to repair or replace products in the
field or in connection with indemnification obligations, or pay fines imposed by regulatory agencies.
For example, in fiscal year 2023, a defect was identified in a third-party component embedded in certain Data Center products. This defect has had, and other
defects may in the future have, an adverse effect on our cost and supply of components and finished goods. These costs could be significant in future periods.
We recorded a net warranty liability during fiscal year 2023 primarily in connection with this defect. While we believe we have accurately recorded for warranty
obligations, we may need to record additional amounts in the future if our estimate proves to be incorrect. In general, if a product liability claim regarding any of
our products is brought against us, even if the alleged damage is due to the actions or inactions of a third party, such as within our supply chain, the cost of
defending the claim could be significant and would divert the efforts of our technical and management personnel and harm our business. Further, our business
liability insurance may be inadequate or future coverage may be unavailable on acceptable terms, which could adversely impact our financial results.
Risks Related to Our Global Operating Business
Adverse economic conditions may harm our business.
Economic and industry uncertainty or changes, including recession or slowing growth, inflation, changes or uncertainty in fiscal, monetary, or trade policy,
disruptions to capital markets and the banking system, currency fluctuations, higher interest rates, tighter credit, lower capital expenditures by businesses,
including on IT infrastructure, increases in unemployment, labor shortages, and lower consumer confidence and spending, global supply chain constraints, and
global economic and geopolitical developments, including the implementation of tariffs by the USG or other governments, have in the past and/or could in the
future have adverse, wide-ranging effects on our business and financial results, including:
•
increased costs for wafers, components, logistics, and other supply chain expenses, which have negatively impacted our gross margin in the past and
may do so in the future;
•
increased supply, employee, facilities and infrastructure costs and volatility in the financial markets, which have reduced and may in the future reduce
our margins;
•
decrease in demand for our products, services and technologies and those of our customers, partners or licensees;
•
the inability of our suppliers to deliver on their supply commitments to us and our customers’ or our licensees’ inability to supply products to customers
and/or end users;
•
limits on our ability to forecast operating results and make business decisions;
19

Table of Contents
•
the insolvency of key suppliers, distributors, customers, CSPs, data center providers, licensing parties or other third parties we rely on;
•
reduced profitability of customers, which may cause them to scale back operations, exit businesses, file for bankruptcy protection and potentially cease
operations, or lead to mergers, consolidations or strategic alliances among other companies, which could adversely affect our ability to compete
effectively; and
•
increased credit and collectability risks, higher borrowing costs or reduced availability of capital markets, reduced liquidity, adverse impacts on our
customers and suppliers, failures of counterparties, including financial institutions and insurers, asset impairments, and declines in the value of our
financial instruments.
Adverse developments affecting financial institutions, such as bank failures or instability, or concerns or speculation about similar events or risks, could lead to
market-wide liquidity problems and other disruptions, which could impact our customers’ ability to fulfill their payment obligations to us, our vendors’ ability to
fulfill their contractual obligations to us, or our ability to fulfill our own obligations.
Additionally, we maintain an investment portfolio of various holdings, types, and maturities. These investments are subject to general credit, liquidity, market and
interest rate risks, which may be exacerbated by market downturns or events that affect global financial markets, as described above. A majority of our
investment portfolio comprises USG securities. A decline in global financial markets for long periods or a downgrade of the USG credit rating due to an actual or
threatened default on government debt could result in higher interest rates, a decline in the value of the U.S. dollar, reduced market liquidity or other adverse
conditions. These factors could cause an unrealized or realized loss position in our investments or require us to record impairment charges.
International sales and operations are a significant part of our business, which exposes us to risks that could harm our business.
We sell our products internationally, and we also have operations and conduct business internationally. Our semiconductor wafers are manufactured,
assembled, tested and packaged by third parties located outside of the United States, and we generated 53% of our revenue in fiscal year 2025 from sales
outside the United States. The market in China, where our offerings are limited by export controls, is highly competitive and we expect it to remain competitive
going forward. The global nature of our business subjects us to a number of risks and uncertainties, which have had in the past and could in the future have a
material adverse effect on our business, financial condition and results of operations. These include domestic and international economic and political conditions
in countries in which we and our suppliers and manufacturers do business, government lockdowns to control case spread of global or local health issues,
differing legal standards with respect to protection of IP and employment practices, different domestic and international business and cultural practices,
disruptions to capital markets, counter-inflation policies, currency fluctuations, natural disasters, acts of war or other military actions, terrorism, public health
issues, restrictions on international trade, such as tariffs, sanctions, and other controls on imports or exports, and catastrophic events.
Product, system security, and data protection incidents or breaches, as well as cyber-attacks, could disrupt our operations, reduce our expected
revenue, increase our expenses, and significantly harm our business and reputation.
Security breaches, computer malware, social-engineering attacks, denial-of-service attacks, software bugs, server malfunctions, software or hardware failures,
loss of data or other information technology assets, and other cyber-attacks are becoming increasingly sophisticated, making it more difficult to successfully
detect, defend against them or implement adequate preventative measures.
Cyber-attacks, including ransomware attacks by organized criminal threat actors, nation-states, and nation-state-supported actors, may become more prevalent
and severe. Our ability to recover from ransomware attacks may be limited if our backups have been affected by the attack, or if restore from backups is delayed
or not feasible.
Individuals, groups of hackers and sophisticated organizations, including nation-states and nation-state-supported actors, and other threat actors have engaged
and are expected to continue to engage in cyber-attacks. Additionally, some actors are using AI technology to launch more automated, targeted and coordinated
attacks. Due to geopolitical conflicts and during times of war or other major conflicts, we and the third parties we rely upon may be subject to a heightened risk of
cyber-attacks that could materially disrupt our ability to provide services and products. We may also face cybersecurity threats due to error or intentional
misconduct by employees, contractors or other third-party service providers. Certain aspects of effective cybersecurity are dependent upon our employees,
contractors and/or other third-party service providers safeguarding our sensitive information and adhering to our security policies and access control
mechanisms. We have in the past experienced, and may in the future experience, security incidents arising from a failure to properly handle sensitive information
or adhere to our security policies and access control mechanisms, including, for example, employees posting company data on third-party websites without
permission, and, although no such events have had a material adverse effect on our business, there can be no assurance that an insider threat or error will not
result in an incident that is material to us or lead to negative publicity. Furthermore, we rely on products and services provided by third-party suppliers to operate
certain critical business systems, including without limitation, cloud-based infrastructure, encryption and authentication technology, employee email and other
functions, which exposes us to
20

Table of Contents
supply-chain attacks or other business disruptions. We cannot guarantee that third parties and infrastructure in our supply chain or our partners’ supply chains
have not been compromised or that they do not contain exploitable vulnerabilities, defects or bugs that could result in a breach of or disruption to our information
technology systems, including our products and services, or the third-party information technology systems that support our services. We have incorporated
third-party data into some of our AI models and used open-source datasets to train our models and may continue to do so. These datasets may be flawed,
insufficient, or contain certain biased information, and may otherwise decrease resilience to security incidents that may compromise the integrity of our AI
outputs, leading to potential reputational damage, regulatory scrutiny, or adverse impacts on the performance and reliability of our products, which could, in turn,
affect our partners' operations, customer trust, and our revenue. We may have limited insight into the data privacy or security practices of third-party suppliers,
including for our AI algorithms. Our ability to monitor these third parties’ information security practices is limited, and they may not have adequate information
security measures in place. In addition, if one of our third-party suppliers suffers a security incident (which has happened in the past and may happen in the
future), our response may be limited or more difficult because we may not have direct access to their systems, logs and other information related to the security
incident. Additionally, we are incorporated into the supply chain of a large number of entities worldwide and, as a result, if our products or services are
compromised, a significant number of our customers and their data could be affected, which could result in potential liability and harm our business.
To defend against security incidents, we must continuously engineer more secure products and enhance security and reliability features, which is expected to
result in increased expenses. We must also continue to develop our security measures, including training programs and security awareness initiatives, designed
to ensure our suppliers have appropriate security measures in place, and continue to meet the evolving security requirements of our customers, applicable
industry standards, and government regulations. While we invest in training programs and security awareness initiatives and take steps to detect and remediate
certain vulnerabilities that we have identified, we may not always be able to prevent threats or detect and mitigate all vulnerabilities in our security controls,
systems or software, including third-party software we have installed, as such threats and techniques change frequently and may not be detected until after a
security incident has occurred. Further, we may experience delays in developing and deploying remedial measures designed to address identified vulnerabilities.
These vulnerabilities could result in reputational and financial harm, and if exploited, these vulnerabilities could result in a security incident.
We hold confidential, sensitive, personal and proprietary information, including information from partners and customers. Breaches of our security measures,
along with reported or perceived vulnerabilities or unapproved dissemination of proprietary information or sensitive or confidential data about us or third parties,
could expose us and the parties affected to a risk of loss, or misuse of this information, potentially resulting in litigation and subsequent liability, regulatory
inquiries or actions, damage to our brand and reputation or other harm, including financial, to our business. For example, we hold proprietary game source code
from third-party partners in our GFN service. Breaches of our GFN security measures, which have happened in the past, could expose our partners to the risk of
loss or misuse of this source code, damage both us and our partners, and expose NVIDIA to potential litigation and liability. If we or a third party we rely on
experience a security incident, which has occurred in the past, or are perceived to have experienced a security incident, we may experience adverse
consequences, including government enforcement actions, additional reporting requirements and/or oversight, restrictions on processing data, litigation,
indemnification obligations, reputational harm, diversion of funds, diversion of management attention, financial loss, loss of data, material disruptions in our
systems and operations, supply chain, and ability to produce, sell and distribute our goods and services, and other similar harms. Inability to fulfill orders,
delayed sales, lower margins or lost customers as a result of these disruptions could adversely affect our financial results, stock price and reputation. We are
required by certain data privacy and security obligations to notify relevant stakeholders, including affected individuals, customers, regulators and investors, of
security incidents, and mandatory disclosure of such incidents could lead to negative publicity. In addition to experiencing a security incident, third parties may
gather, collect or infer sensitive information about us from public sources, data brokers or other means that reveals competitively sensitive details about our
organization and could be used to harm our business.
Business disruptions could harm our operations, lead to a decline in revenue and increase our costs.
Factors that have caused and/or could in the future cause disruptions to our worldwide operations include: natural disasters, extreme weather conditions, power
or water shortages, critical infrastructure failures, telecommunications failures, supplier disruptions, terrorist attacks, acts of violence, political and/or civil unrest,
acts of war or other military actions, epidemics or pandemics, abrupt regulatory changes, and other natural or man-made disasters and catastrophic events. Our
corporate headquarters, a large portion of our current data center capacity, and a portion of our research and development activities are located in California,
and other critical business operations, finished goods inventory and some of our suppliers are located in Asia, making our operations vulnerable to natural
disasters such as earthquakes, wildfires or other business disruptions occurring in these geographical areas. Catastrophic events can also have an impact on
third-party vendors who provide us critical infrastructure services for IT and research and development systems and personnel. Geopolitical and domestic
political developments and other events beyond our control can increase economic volatility globally. Political instability, changes in government or adverse
political developments in or around any of the major countries in which we do business may harm our business, financial condition and results of operations.
Worldwide geopolitical tensions and conflicts, including but not limited to China, Hong Kong, Israel, Korea and Taiwan where the manufacture of our product
components and final assembly of our products are concentrated may result in changing regulatory requirements, and other disruptions that could impact our
operations and operating strategies, product
21

Table of Contents
demand, access to global markets, hiring, and profitability. For example, other countries have restricted and may continue in the future to restrict business with
the State of Israel, where we have engineering, sales support operations and manufacturing, and companies with Israeli operations, including by economic
boycotts. Our operations could be harmed and our costs could increase if manufacturing, logistics, or other operations are disrupted for any reason, including
natural disasters, high heat events, water shortages, power shortages, information technology system failures or cyber-attacks, military actions or economic, and
business, labor, environmental, public health, or political issues. The ultimate impact on us, our third-party foundries and other suppliers of being located and
consolidated in certain geographical areas is unknown. In the event a disaster, war, or catastrophic event affects us, the third-party systems on which we rely, or
our customers, our business could be harmed as a result of declines in revenue, increases in expenses, and substantial expenditures and time spent to fully
resume operations. Our business continuity and disaster recovery planning may not be sufficient for all eventualities. All of these risks and conditions could
materially adversely affect our future sales and operating results.
We are monitoring the impact of the geopolitical conflict in and around Israel on our operations, including the health and safety of our approximately 4,700
employees in the region who primarily support the research and development, operations, and sales and marketing of our networking products. Some of our
employees in the region have been on active military duty for an extended period and may continue to be absent, which may cause disruption to our product
development or operations. We have not experienced significant impact or expense to our business; however, if the conflict is further extended or expanded, it
could impact future product development, operations, and revenue or create other uncertainty for our business.
Additionally, interruptions or delays in services from CSPs, data center co-location partners, and other third parties on which we rely, including due to the events
described above or other events such as the insolvency of these parties, could impair our ability to provide our products and services and harm our business. As
we increase our reliance on these third-party systems and services, our exposure to damage from service interruptions, defects, disruptions, outages, shortages
and other performance and quality problems may increase. Data centers depend on access to clean water and predictable energy. Power or water shortages,
land or permitting constraints, or regulations that limit energy, water, or land availability, could impair the ability of our customers to expand their data center
capacity and consume our products and services, which may in turn negatively impact our business.
Climate change may have a long-term impact on our business.
Climate change may have an increasingly adverse impact on our business and on our customers, partners and vendors. Water and energy availability and
reliability in the regions where we conduct business is critical, and certain of our facilities may be vulnerable to the impacts of extreme weather events. Extreme
heat and wind coupled with dry conditions in Northern California may lead to power safety shut offs due to wildfire risk, which can have adverse implications for
our Santa Clara, California headquarter offices and data centers, including impairing the ability of our employees to work effectively. Climate change, its impact
on our supply chain and critical infrastructure worldwide and its potential to increase political instability in regions where we, our customers, partners and our
vendors do business, may disrupt our business and cause us to experience higher attrition, losses and costs to maintain or resume operations. Although we
maintain insurance coverage for a variety of property, casualty, and other risks, the types and amounts of insurance we obtain vary depending on availability and
cost. Some of our policies have large deductibles and broad exclusions, and our insurance providers may be unable or unwilling to pay a claim. Losses not
covered by insurance may be large, which could harm our results of operations and financial condition.
Our business and those of our suppliers and customers may also be subject to climate-related laws, regulations and lawsuits. New or proposed regulations
relating to carbon taxes, fuel or energy taxes, pollution limits, sustainability-related disclosure and governance and supply chain governance could result in
greater direct costs, including costs associated with changes to manufacturing processes or the procurement of raw materials used in manufacturing processes,
increased capital expenditures to improve facilities and equipment, higher compliance and energy costs to reduce emissions, other compliance costs, and
greater indirect costs resulting from our customers and/or suppliers incurring additional compliance costs that are passed on to us. These costs and restrictions
could harm our business and results of operations by increasing our expenses or requiring us to alter our operations and product design activities.
Stakeholder groups may find us insufficiently responsive to the implications of climate change, and therefore we may face legal action or reputational harm. We
may not achieve our stated sustainability-related goals, which could harm our reputation, or we may incur additional, unexpected costs to achieve such goals.
We may also experience contractual disputes due to supply chain delays arising from climate change-related disruptions, which could result in increased
litigation and costs.
We also face risks related to business trends that may be influenced by climate change concerns. Our business could be negatively impacted by concerns
around the high absolute energy requirements of our GPUs, despite their much more energy efficient design and operation relative to alternative computing
platforms.
We may not be able to realize the potential benefits of business investments or acquisitions, and we may not be able to successfully integrate
acquired companies, which could hurt our ability to grow our business, develop new products or sell our products.
22

Table of Contents
We acquire and invest in businesses that offer products, services and technologies that we believe will help expand or enhance our strategic objectives.
Acquisitions or investments involve significant challenges and risks and could impair our ability to grow our business, develop new products or sell our products
and ultimately could have a negative impact on our financial results. If we pursue a particular transaction, we may limit our ability to enter into other transactions
that could help us achieve our other strategic objectives. If we are unable to timely complete acquisitions, including due to delays and challenges in obtaining
regulatory approvals, we may be unable to pursue other transactions, we may not be able to retain critical talent from the target company, technology may
evolve and make the acquisition less attractive, and other changes can take place, which could reduce the anticipated benefits of the transaction and negatively
impact our business. Regulators could also impose conditions that reduce the ultimate value of our acquisitions. In addition, to the extent that our perceived
ability to consummate acquisitions has been harmed, future acquisitions may be more difficult, complex or expensive. Further, our investments in publicly traded
companies could create volatility in our results and may generate losses up to the value of the investment. In addition, we have invested and may continue to
invest in private companies to further our strategic objectives and to support certain key business initiatives. These companies can include early-stage
companies still defining their strategic direction. Many of the instruments in which we invest are non-marketable and illiquid at the time of our initial investment,
and we are not always able to achieve a return. To the extent any of the companies in which we invest are not successful, we could recognize an impairment
and/or lose all or part of our investment. Our investment portfolio contains industry sector concentration risks, and a decline in any one or multiple industry
sectors could increase our impairment losses.
We face additional risks related to acquisitions and strategic investments, including the diversion of capital and other resources, including management’s
attention; difficulty in realizing a satisfactory return and uncertainties to realize the benefits of an acquisition or strategic investment, if at all; difficulty or inability in
obtaining governmental, regulatory approval or restrictions or other consents and approvals or financing; legal proceedings initiated as a result of an acquisition
or investment; and potential failure of our due diligence processes to identify significant issues with the assets or company in which we are investing or are
acquiring.
Additional risks related to acquisitions include, but are not limited to:
•
difficulty in integrating the technology, systems, products, policies, processes, or operations and integrating and retaining the employees, including key
personnel, of the acquired business;
•
assumption of liabilities and incurring amortization expenses, impairment charges to goodwill or write-downs of acquired assets;
•
integrating accounting, forecasting and controls, procedures and reporting cycles;
•
coordinating and integrating operations, particularly in countries in which we do not currently operate;
•
stock price impact, fines, fees or reputation harm if we are unable to obtain regulatory approval for an acquisition or are otherwise unable to close an
acquisition;
•
potential issuances of debt to finance our acquisitions, resulting in increased debt, increased interest expense, and compliance with debt covenants or
other restrictions;
•
the potential for our acquisitions to result in dilutive issuances of our equity securities;
•
the potential variability of the amount and form of any performance-based consideration;
•
negative changes in general economic conditions in the regions or the industries in which we or our target operate;
•
exposure to additional cybersecurity risks and vulnerabilities; and
•
impairment of relationships with, or loss of our or our target’s employees, vendors and customers.
For example, when integrating acquisition target systems into our own, we have experienced and may continue to experience challenges including lengthy and
costly systems integration, delays in purchasing and shipping products, difficulties with system integration via electronic data interchange and other processes
with our key suppliers and customers, and training and change management needs of integration personnel. These challenges have impacted our results of
operations and may continue to do so in the future.
We receive a significant amount of our revenue from a limited number of partners and distributors and we have a concentration of sales to
customers who purchase directly or indirectly from us, and our revenue could be adversely affected if we lose or are prevented from selling to any of
these customers.
We have experienced periods where we receive a significant amount of our revenue from a limited number of customers, and this trend may continue. Sales to
direct Customers A, B and C represented 12%, 11% and 11% of total revenue, respectively, for fiscal year 2025, all of which were primarily attributable to the
Compute & Networking segment. With
23

Table of Contents
several of these partners, we are selling multiple products and systems in our portfolio through their channels. Our operating results depend on sales to our
partner network, as well as the ability of these partners to sell products that incorporate our technologies. We have a small number of partners that are involved
in system integration with our key customers. As our system design becomes increasingly complex, system integrators may be unable to meet specifications of
our key customers. Changes in our partners' or customers' business models or their ownership can reduce the number of partners available to us and harm our
ability to sell our advanced data center systems to customers. In the future, these partners may decide to purchase fewer products, not to incorporate our
products into their ecosystem, or to alter their purchasing patterns in some other way. Because most of our sales are made on a purchase order basis, our
customers can generally cancel, change, or delay product purchase commitments with little notice to us and without penalty. Our partners or customers may
develop their own solutions; our customers may purchase products from our competitors; and our partners may discontinue sales or lose market share in the
markets for which they purchase our products, all of which may alter partners’ or customers’ purchasing patterns. Many of our indirect customers often do not
purchase directly from us but through multiple OEMs, ODMs, system integrators, distributors, and other channel partners. For fiscal year 2025, an indirect
customer which primarily purchases our products through system integrators and distributors, including through Customer B, is estimated to represent 10% or
more of total revenue, attributable to the Compute & Networking segment. If end demand increases or our finished goods supply availability is concentrated near
a quarter end, the system integrators, distributors, and channel partners may have limited ability to increase their credit, which could impact the timing and
amount of our revenue. The loss of any of our large customers, a significant reduction in purchases by them, our inability to sell to a customer due to U.S. or
other countries’ trade restrictions, or any difficulties in collecting accounts receivable would likely harm our financial condition and results of operations.
If we are unable to attract, retain and motivate our executives and key employees, our business may be harmed.
To remain competitive and successfully execute our business strategy, we must attract, retain, and motivate our executives and key employees, as well as
recruit and develop exceptional and diverse talent. However, labor is subject to external factors that are beyond our control, including our industry’s highly
competitive market for skilled workers and leaders, and workforce participation rates. Changes in immigration and work permit regulations, or in their
administration or interpretation, could impair our ability to attract and retain qualified employees. Competition for talent drives up costs in the form of cash and
stock-based compensation. In times of stock price volatility, as we have experienced in the past and may experience in the future, the retentive value of our
stock-based compensation may decrease. Additionally, we are highly dependent on the services of our longstanding executive team. Failure to ensure effective
succession planning, transfer of knowledge, and smooth transitions involving executives and key employees could hinder our strategic planning, execution, and
long-term success.
Our business is dependent upon the proper functioning of our business processes and information systems and modification or interruption of such
systems may disrupt our business and internal controls.
We rely upon internal processes and information systems to support key business functions, including our assessment of internal controls over financial
reporting as required by Section 404 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act. The efficient operation and scalability of these processes and systems is critical to support our
growth. We continue to design and implement updated accounting functionality related to a new enterprise resource planning, or ERP, system. Any ERP system
implementation may introduce problems, such as quality issues or programming errors, that could have an impact on our continued ability to successfully
operate our business or to timely and accurately report our financial results. These changes may be costly and disruptive to our operations and could impose
substantial demands on management time. Failure to implement new or updated controls, or difficulties encountered in their implementation, could harm our
operating results or cause us to fail to meet our reporting obligations.
Identification of material weaknesses in our internal controls, even if quickly remediated once disclosed, may cause investors to lose confidence in our financial
statements and our stock price may decline. Remediation of any material weakness could require us to incur significant expenses, and if we fail to remediate any
material weakness, our financial statements may be inaccurate, we may be required to restate our financial statements, our ability to report our financial results
on a timely and accurate basis may be adversely affected, our access to the capital markets may be restricted, our stock price may decline, and we may be
subject to sanctions or investigation by regulatory authorities.
Our operating results have in the past fluctuated and may in the future fluctuate, and if our operating results are below the expectations of securities
analysts or investors, our stock price could decline.
Our operating results have in the past fluctuated and may continue to fluctuate due to a number of factors. Therefore, investors should not rely on our past
results of operations as an indication of our future performance. Factors that could affect our results of operations include, but are not limited to:
•
our ability to adjust spending due to the multi-year development cycle for some of our products and services;
•
our ability to comply with our contractual obligations to customers;
24

Table of Contents
•
our extended payment term arrangements with certain customers, the inability of some customers to make required payments, our ability to obtain
credit insurance for customers with extended payment terms, and customer bad debt write-offs;
•
our vendors' payment requirements;
•
unanticipated costs associated with environmental liabilities; and
•
changes in financial accounting standards or interpretations of existing standards.
Any of these factors could prevent us from achieving our anticipated financial results. For example, we have granted and may continue to grant extended
payment terms to some customers, particularly during macroeconomic downturns, which could impact our ability to collect payment. Our vendors have
requested and may continue to ask for shorter payment terms, which may impact our cash flow generation. These arrangements reduce the cash we have
available for general business operations. In addition, the pace of growth in our operating expenses and investments may lag our revenue growth, creating
volatility or periods where profitability levels may not be sustainable. Failure to meet our expectations or the expectations of our investors or security analysts is
likely to cause our stock price to decline, as it has in the past, or substantial price volatility.
Risks Related to Regulatory, Legal, Our Stock and Other Matters
We are subject to complex laws, rules, regulations, and political and other actions, including restrictions on the export of our products, which may
adversely impact our business.
We are subject to laws and regulations domestically and worldwide, affecting our operations in areas including, but not limited to, IP ownership and infringement;
taxes; import and export requirements and tariffs; anti-corruption, including the Foreign Corrupt Practices Act; business acquisitions; foreign exchange controls
and cash repatriation restrictions; foreign ownership and investment; data privacy requirements; competition and antitrust; advertising; employment; product
regulations; cybersecurity; environmental, health, and safety requirements; the responsible use of AI; sustainability; cryptocurrency; and consumer laws.
Compliance with such requirements can be onerous and expensive, could impact our competitive position, and may negatively impact our business operations
and ability to manufacture and ship our products. There can be no assurance that our employees, contractors, suppliers, customers or agents will not violate
applicable laws or the policies, controls, and procedures that we have designed to help ensure compliance with such laws, and violations could result in fines,
criminal sanctions against us, our officers, or our employees, prohibitions on the conduct of our business, and damage to our reputation. Changes to the laws,
rules and regulations to which we are subject, or changes to their interpretation and enforcement, could lead to materially greater compliance and other costs,
and/or further restrictions on our ability to manufacture and supply our products and operate our business. For example, we may face increased compliance
costs as a result of changes or increases in antitrust legislation, regulation, administrative rule making, increased focus from regulators on cybersecurity
vulnerabilities and risks. Our position in markets relating to AI has led to increased interest in our business from regulators worldwide, including the European
Union, the United States, the United Kingdom, South Korea and China. For example, the French Competition Authority collected information from us regarding
our business and competition in the graphics card and cloud service provider market as part of an ongoing inquiry into competition in those markets. We have
also received, and continue to receive, broad requests for information from competition regulators in the European Union, the United States, the United
Kingdom, China, and South Korea regarding our sales of GPUs and other NVIDIA products, our efforts to allocate supply, foundation models and our
investments, partnerships and other agreements with companies developing foundation models, the markets in which we compete and our competition, our
strategies, roadmaps, and efforts to develop, market, and sell hardware, software, and system solutions, and our agreements with customers, suppliers, and
partners. We expect to receive additional requests for information in the future. Such requests may be expensive and burdensome and could negatively impact
our business and our relationships with customers, suppliers, and partners.
Governments and regulators are also considering, and in certain cases, have imposed restrictions on the hardware, software, and systems used to develop
frontier foundation models and generative AI. For example, the EU AI Act became effective on August 1, 2024 and will be fully applicable after a two-year
transitional period. The EU AI Act may impact our ability to train, deploy, or release AI models in the EU. Several states are considering enacting or have already
enacted regulations concerning AI technologies, which may impact our ability to train, deploy, or release AI models, and increase our compliance costs.
Restrictions under these and any other regulations, if implemented, could increase the costs and burdens to us and our customers, delay or halt deployment of
new systems using our products, and reduce the number of new entrants and customers, negatively impacting our business and financial results. Revisions to
laws or regulations or their interpretation and enforcement could also result in increased taxation, trade sanctions, the imposition of or increase to import duties
or tariffs, restrictions and controls on imports or exports, or other retaliatory actions, which could have an adverse effect on our business plans or impact the
timing of our shipments. Additionally, changes in the public perception of governments in the regions where we operate or plan to operate could negatively
impact our business and results of operations.
Government actions, including trade protection and national and economic security policies of U.S. and foreign government bodies, such as tariffs, import or
export regulations, including deemed export restrictions and restrictions on
25

Table of Contents
the activities of U.S. persons, trade and economic sanctions, decrees, quotas or other trade barriers and restrictions could affect our ability to ship products,
provide services to our customers and employees, do business without an export license with entities on the U.S. Department of Commerce’s U.S. Entity List or
other USG restricted parties lists (which is expected to change from time to time), and generally fulfill our contractual obligations and have a material adverse
effect on our business. If we were ever found to have violated export control laws or sanctions of the U.S. or similar applicable non-U.S. laws, even if the
violation occurred without our knowledge, we may be subject to various penalties available under the laws, any of which could have a material and adverse
impact on our business, operating results and financial condition.
For example, in response to the war in Ukraine, the United States and other jurisdictions imposed economic sanctions and export control measures which
blocked the passage of our products, services and support into Russia, Belarus, and certain regions of Ukraine. In fiscal year 2023, we stopped direct sales to
Russia and closed business operations in Russia. Concurrently, the war in Ukraine has impacted sales in EMEA and may continue to do so in the future.
The increasing focus on the risks and strategic importance of AI technologies has resulted in regulatory restrictions that target products and services capable of
enabling or facilitating AI and may in the future result in additional restrictions impacting some or all of our product and service offerings.
Concerns regarding third-party use of AI for purposes contrary to local governmental interests, including concerns relating to the misuse of AI applications,
models, and solutions, has resulted in and could in the future result in unilateral or multilateral restrictions on products that can be used for training, modifying,
tuning, and deploying LLMs and other AI applications. Such restrictions have limited and could in the future limit the ability of downstream customers and users
worldwide to acquire, deploy and use systems that include our products, software, and services, and negatively impact our business and financial results.
Such restrictions could include additional unilateral or multilateral export controls on certain products or technology, including but not limited to AI technologies.
As geopolitical tensions have increased, semiconductors associated with AI, including GPUs and related products, are increasingly the focus of export control
restrictions proposed by stakeholders in the U.S. and its allies. The United States has imposed unilateral worldwide controls restricting GPUs and associated
products, and it is likely that additional unilateral or multilateral controls will be adopted. Such controls have been and may again be very broad in scope and
application, prohibit us from exporting our products to any or all customers in one or more markets, including but not limited to China and over 150 countries
designated “Tier 2” by the January 2025 AI Diffusion IFR, and could negatively impact our manufacturing, testing and warehousing locations and options, or
could impose other conditions that limit our ability to serve demand abroad and could negatively and materially impact our business, revenue and financial
results. Export controls targeting GPUs and semiconductors associated with AI, which have been imposed and are increasingly likely to be further tightened,
would further restrict our ability to export our technology, products, or services even though competitors may not be subject to similar restrictions, creating a
competitive disadvantage for us and negatively impacting our business and financial results. Export controls targeting GPUs and semiconductors associated
with AI have subjected and may in the future subject downstream users of our products to additional restrictions on the use, resale, repair, or transfer of our
products, negatively impacting our business and financial results. Controls could negatively impact our cost and/or ability to provide services such as NVIDIA AI
cloud services and could impact the cost and/or ability for our CSPs and customers to provide services to their end customers, even outside China.
Export controls could disrupt our supply chain and distribution channels, negatively impacting our ability to serve demand, including in markets outside China
and for our gaming products. The possibility of additional export controls has negatively impacted and may in the future negatively impact demand for our
products, benefiting competitors that offer alternatives less likely to be restricted by further controls. Repeated changes in the export control rules are likely to
impose compliance burdens on our business and our customers, negatively and materially impacting our business.
Increasing use of economic sanctions and export controls has impacted and may in the future impact demand for our products or services, negatively impacting
our business and financial results. Reduced demand due to export controls could also lead to excess inventory or cause us to incur related supply charges.
Additional unilateral or multilateral controls are also likely to include deemed export control limitations that negatively impact the ability of our research and
development teams to execute our roadmap or other objectives in a timely manner. Additional export restrictions may not only impact our ability to serve
overseas markets, but also provoke responses from foreign governments, including China, that negatively impact our supply chain or our ability to provide our
products and services to customers in all markets worldwide, which could also substantially reduce our revenue. Regulators in China have inquired about our
sales and efforts to supply the China market and our fulfillment of the commitments we entered at the close of our Mellanox acquisition. For example, regulators
in China are investigating whether complying with applicable U.S. export controls discriminates unfairly against customers in the China market. If regulators
conclude that we have failed to fulfill such commitments or we have violated any applicable law in China, we could be subject to financial penalties, restrictions
on our ability to conduct our business, restrictions regarding our networking products and services, or otherwise impact our operations in China, any of which
could have a material and adverse impact on our business, operating results and financial condition.
26

Table of Contents
Over the past three years, we have been subject to a series of shifting and expanding export control restrictions, impacting our ability to serve customers outside
the United States.
During the third quarter of fiscal year 2023, the USG announced export restrictions and export licensing requirements targeting China’s semiconductor and
supercomputing industries. These restrictions impact exports of certain chips, as well as software, hardware, equipment and technology used to develop,
produce and manufacture certain chips to China (including Hong Kong and Macau) and Russia, and specifically impact our A100 and H100 integrated circuits,
DGX or any other systems or boards which incorporate A100 or H100 integrated circuits. The licensing requirements also apply to any future NVIDIA integrated
circuit achieving certain peak performance and chip-to-chip I/O performance thresholds, as well as any system or board that includes those circuits. There are
also now licensing requirements to export a wide array of products, including networking products, destined for certain end users and for certain end uses in
China. During the second quarter of fiscal year 2024, the USG also informed us of an additional licensing requirement for a subset of A100 and H100 products
destined to certain customers and other regions, including some countries in the Middle East.
In October 2023, the USG announced new and updated licensing requirements that became effective in our fourth quarter of fiscal year 2024 for exports to
China and Country Groups D1, D4, and D5 (including but not limited to, Saudi Arabia, the United Arab Emirates, and Vietnam, but excluding Israel) of our
products exceeding certain performance thresholds, including, but not limited to, the A100, A800, H100, H800, L4, L40, L40S and RTX 4090. The licensing
requirements also apply to the export of products exceeding certain performance thresholds to a party headquartered in, or with an ultimate parent
headquartered in, Country Group D5, including China.
On October 23, 2023, the USG informed us that the licensing requirements were effective immediately for shipments of our A100, A800, H100, H800, and L40S
products (removing the grace period granted by the official rule). Blackwell systems, such as GB200 NVL 72 and NVL 36 as well as B200 are also subject to
these requirements and therefore require a license for any shipment to certain entities and to China and Country Groups D1, D4, and D5, excluding Israel. To
date, we have not received licenses to ship these restricted products to China.
On January 15, 2025, the USG published the “AI Diffusion” IFR in the Federal Register. After a 120-day delayed compliance period, the IFR will, unless modified,
impose a worldwide licensing requirement on all products classified under Export Control Classification Numbers, or ECCNs, 3A090.a, 4A090.a, or
corresponding .z ECCNs, including all related software and technology. Any system that incorporates one or more of the covered integrated circuits, or ICs,
(including but not limited to NVIDIA DGX, HGX, and MGX systems) will be covered by the new licensing requirement. The licensing requirement will include
future NVIDIA ICs, boards, or systems classified with ECCN 3A090.a or 4A090.a, or corresponding .z ECCNs, achieving certain total processing performance
and/or performance density.
Unless a license exception is available, the worldwide licensing requirements will apply to the following NVIDIA products, and any others we develop that meet
the characteristics of 3A090.a or 4A090.a, including but not limited to: A100, A800, H100, H200, H800, B100, B200, GB200, L4, L40S, and RTX 6000 Ada.
The AI Diffusion IFR would divide the world into three tiers, relegating most countries to “Tier 2” status. The AI Diffusion IFR would confer special benefits on
select “Universal Verified End Users”, or UVEU, and lesser benefits on “National Verified End Users”, or NVEU. The AI Diffusion IFR would have numerous
effects that may negatively impact our long-term financial results and competitive position, including but not limited to the following.
The AI Diffusion IFR would reduce the market for U.S.-designed and manufactured computing products and services, by expressly limiting exports, reexports,
and transfers of covered products to Tier 2 countries and companies in Tier 1 countries that are either headquartered in Tier 2, or have an ultimate parent
headquartered in a Tier 2 country. These restrictions would apply to all covered products, including products sold years ago.
The AI Diffusion IFR would limit access to the market for IT services and computing infrastructure, by favoring a select number of government-approved firms
that achieve UVEU status. UVEUs may choose to favor their own accelerators, platforms, and systems, rather than selecting products based on merit.
The AI Diffusion IFR would encourage our customers to invest in alternatives that are not affected by USG regulations, including foreign competition.
The AI Diffusion IFR would increase our and our customers’ costs of doing business, creating compliance challenges and risks, and impact our supply and
distribution chains, which will be subject to new compliance burdens and related extraterritorial regulatory obligations.
The AI Diffusion IFR would expose U.S. providers and the U.S. industry to an enhanced risk of retaliation from other countries, in the form of tariffs, import/export
controls, or other regulatory actions.
The AI Diffusion IFR’s licensing requirement could impact our ability to complete development of products in a timely manner, support existing customers using
covered products, or supply customers with covered products outside the impacted regions, and may require us to transition certain operations out of one or
more of the identified countries.
27

Table of Contents
Following these 2022 export controls, we transitioned some operations, including certain testing, validation, and supply and distribution operations out of China
and Hong Kong. Any future transitions could be costly and time consuming, and adversely affect our research and development and supply and distribution
operations, as well as our revenue, during any such transition period. We expanded our Data Center product portfolio to offer new solutions, including those for
which the USG does not require a license or advance notice before each shipment. To the extent that a customer requires products covered by the licensing
requirements, we may seek a license for the customer. However, the licensing process is time-consuming. We have no assurance that the USG will grant such a
license or that the USG will act on the license application in a timely manner or at all. Even if a license is approved, it may impose burdensome conditions that
we or our customer or end users cannot or decide not to accept. The USG evaluates license requests in a closed process that does not have clear standards or
an opportunity for review. For example, the Notified Advanced Computing, or “NAC,” process has not resulted in approvals for exports of products to customers
in China. The license process for exports to D1 and D4 countries has been time-consuming and resulted in license conditions that are onerous, even for small-
sized systems that are not able to train frontier AI models. The requirements have a disproportionate impact on NVIDIA and already have disadvantaged and
may in the future disadvantage NVIDIA against certain of our competitors who sell products that are not subject to the new restrictions or may be able to acquire
licenses for their products.
Our competitive position has been harmed by the existing export controls, and our competitive position and future results may be further harmed, over the long
term, if there are further changes in the USG’s export controls, including further expansion of the geographic, customer, or product scope of the controls, if
customers purchase product from competitors, if customers develop their own internal solution, if we are unable to provide contractual warranty or other
extended service obligations, if the USG does not grant licenses in a timely manner or denies licenses to significant customers or if we incur significant transition
costs. Even if the USG grants any requested licenses, the licenses may be temporary or impose burdensome conditions that we or our customers or end users
cannot or choose not to fulfill. The licensing requirements may benefit certain of our competitors, as the licensing process will make our pre-sale and post-sale
technical support efforts more cumbersome and less certain and encourage customers in China to pursue alternatives to our products, including semiconductor
suppliers based in China, Europe, and Israel.
Given the increasing strategic importance of AI and rising geopolitical tensions, the USG has changed and may again change the export control rules at any time
and further subject a wider range of our products to export restrictions and licensing requirements, negatively impacting our business and financial results. In the
event of such change, we may be unable to sell our inventory of such products and may be unable to develop replacement products not subject to the licensing
requirements, effectively excluding us from all or part of the China market, as well as other impacted markets, including the Middle East and countries
designated “Tier 2” by the AI Diffusion IFR. For example, the USG has already imposed conditions to limit the ability of foreign firms to create and offer as a
service large-scale GPU clusters, for example by imposing license conditions on the use of products to be exported to certain countries, and may impose
additional conditions such as requiring chip tracking and throttling mechanisms that could disable or impair GPUs if certain events, including unauthorized
system configuration, use, or location, are detected. The USG has already imposed export controls restricting certain gaming GPUs, and if the USG expands
such controls to restrict additional gaming products, it may disrupt a significant portion of our supply and distribution chain and negatively impact sales of such
products to markets outside China, including the U.S. and Europe. In addition, as the performance of the gaming GPUs increases over time, export controls may
have a greater impact on our ability to compete in markets subject to those controls. Export controls may disrupt our supply and distribution chain for a
substantial portion of our products, which are warehoused in and distributed from Hong Kong. Export controls restricting our ability to sell data center GPUs may
also negatively impact demand for our networking products used in servers containing our GPUs. The USG may also impose export controls on our networking
products, such as high-speed network interconnects, to limit the ability of downstream parties to create large clusters for frontier model training. Any new control
that impacts a wider range of our products would likely have a disproportionate impact on NVIDIA and may disadvantage us against certain of our competitors
that sell chips that are outside the scope of such control. Excessive or shifting export controls have already and may in the future encourage customers outside
China and other impacted regions to “design-out” certain U.S. semiconductors from their products to reduce the compliance burden and risk, and to ensure that
they are able to serve markets worldwide. Excessive or shifting export controls have already encouraged and may in the future encourage overseas
governments to request that our customers purchase from our competitors rather than NVIDIA or other U.S. firms, harming our business, market position, and
financial results. As a result, excessive or shifting export controls may negatively impact demand for our products and services not only in China, but also in
other markets, such as Europe, Latin America, and Southeast Asia. Excessive or shifting export controls increase the risk of investing in U.S. advanced
semiconductor products, because by the time a new product is ready for market, it may be subject to new unilateral export controls restricting its sale. At the
same time, such controls may increase investment in foreign competitors, which would be less likely to be restricted by U.S. controls. If additional products are
subject to worldwide licensing requirements, we may incur significant inventory provisions and excess purchase obligation charges.
In addition to export controls, the USG may impose restrictions on the import and sale of products that incorporate technologies developed or manufactured in
whole or in part in China. For example, the USG is considering restrictions on the import and sale of certain automotive products in the United States, which if
adopted and interpreted broadly, could impact our ability to develop and supply solutions for our automotive customers.
28

Table of Contents
Additionally, restrictions imposed by the Chinese government on the duration of gaming activities and access to games may adversely affect our Gaming
revenue, and increased oversight of digital platform companies may adversely affect our Data Center revenue. The Chinese government may also encourage
customers to purchase from our China-based competitors, or impose restrictions on the sale to certain customers of our products, or any products containing
components made by our partners and suppliers. For example, the Chinese government announced restrictions relating to certain sales of products containing
certain products made by Micron, a supplier of ours. As another example, an agency of the Chinese government announced an Action Plan that endorses new
standards regarding the compute performance per watt and per memory bandwidth of accelerators used in new and renovated data centers in China. If the
Chinese government modifies or implements the Action Plan in a way that effectively prevents us from being able to design products to meet the new standard,
this may restrict the ability of customers to use some of our data center products and may have a material and adverse impact on our business, operating results
and financial condition. Further restrictions on our products or the products of our suppliers could negatively impact our business and financial results.
Finally, our business depends on our ability to receive consistent and reliable supply from our overseas partners, especially in Taiwan and South Korea. Any new
restrictions that negatively impact our ability to receive supply of components, parts, or services from Taiwan and South Korea, would negatively impact our
business and financial results.
Increased scrutiny from shareholders, regulators and others regarding our corporate sustainability practices could result in additional costs or risks
and adversely impact our reputation and willingness of customers and suppliers to do business with us.
Certain shareholder advocacy groups, investment funds, shareholders and other market participants, customers and government regulators have focused on
corporate sustainability practices and disclosures, including those associated with climate change and human rights. Stakeholders may not be satisfied with our
corporate sustainability practices and goals or the speed of their adoption. Further, there are state-level initiatives in the U.S. that may differ from other regulatory
requirements or our various stakeholders’ expectations. Additionally, our corporate sustainability practices, oversight of our practices or disclosure controls may
not meet evolving shareholder, regulator or other industry stakeholder expectations, or we may fail to meet corporate sustainability disclosure or reporting
standards or legal requirements. We could also incur additional costs and require additional resources to monitor, report, and comply with various corporate
sustainability practices and legal requirements, choose not to conduct business with potential customers and suppliers, or discontinue or not expand business
with existing customers and suppliers due to our policies. These factors and increased disclosure may negatively harm our brand, reputation and business
activities or expose us to liability.
Issues relating to the responsible use of our technologies, including AI in our offerings, may result in reputational or financial harm and liability.
Concerns relating to the responsible use of new and evolving technologies, such as AI, in our products and services may result in reputational or financial harm
and liability and may cause us to incur costs to resolve such issues. We are increasingly building AI capabilities and protections into many of our products and
services, and we also offer stand-alone AI applications. AI poses emerging legal, social, and ethical issues and presents risks and challenges that could affect its
adoption, and therefore our business. If we enable or offer solutions that draw controversy due to their perceived or actual impact on society, such as AI solutions
that have unintended consequences, infringe copyright or rights of publicity, or are controversial because of their impact on human rights, privacy, employment or
other social, economic or political issues, or if we are unable to develop effective internal policies and frameworks relating to the responsible development and
use of AI models and systems offered through our sales channels, we may experience brand or reputational harm, competitive harm or legal liability. Leveraging
AI capabilities to potentially improve our internal functions and operations may present further risks, costs, and challenges. Complying with multiple regulations
from different jurisdictions related to AI may further increase our cost of doing business, may change the way that we operate in certain jurisdictions, and may
impede our ability to offer certain products and services in certain jurisdictions if we are unable to comply with regulations. Compliance with existing and
proposed government regulation of AI, including in jurisdictions such as the European Union, may further increase the cost of related research and development,
and create additional reporting and/or transparency requirements. For example, regulation adopted in response to the European Union Code of Practice for
General Purpose Artificial Intelligence could require us to notify the European Commission regarding details of some of our Trustworthy AI processes related to
our risk framework. Furthermore, changes in AI-related regulation could disproportionately impact and disadvantage us and require us to change our business
practices, which may negatively impact our financial results. Our failure to adequately address concerns and regulations relating to the responsible use of AI by
us or others could undermine public confidence in AI and slow adoption of AI in our products and services or cause reputational or financial harm.
Actions to adequately protect our IP rights could result in substantial costs to us and our ability to compete could be harmed if we are unsuccessful
or if we are prohibited from making or selling our products.
From time to time, we are involved in lawsuits or other legal proceedings alleging patent infringement or other IP rights violations by us, our employees or parties
that we have agreed to indemnify. An unfavorable ruling could include significant damages, invalidation of one or more patents, indemnification of third parties,
payment of lost profits, or injunctive relief. Claims that our products or processes infringe the IP rights of others, regardless of their merit, could
29

Table of Contents
cause us to incur significant costs to respond to, defend, and resolve such claims, and they may also divert the efforts and attention of management and
technical personnel.
We may commence legal proceedings to protect our IP rights, which may increase our operating expenses. We could be subject to countersuits as a result. If
infringement claims are made against us or our products are found to infringe a third party’s IP, we or one of our indemnitees may have to seek a license to the
third party’s IP rights. If we or one of our indemnitees is unable to obtain such a license on acceptable terms or at all, we could be subject to substantial liabilities
or have to suspend or discontinue the manufacture and sale of one or more of our products. We may also have to make royalty or other payments or cross
license our technology. If these arrangements are not concluded on commercially reasonable terms, our business could be negatively impacted. Furthermore,
the indemnification of a customer or other indemnitee may increase our operating expenses and negatively impact our operating results.
We rely on patents, trademarks, trade secrets, employee and third-party nondisclosure agreements, licensing arrangements and the laws of the countries in
which we operate to protect our IP. Foreign laws may not protect our products or IP rights to the same extent as United States law. This makes the possibility of
piracy of our technology and products more likely. The theft or unauthorized use or publication of our trade secrets and other confidential information could harm
our competitive position and reduce acceptance of our products; as a result, the value of our investment in research and development, product development and
marketing could be reduced. We also may face risks to our IP if our employees are hired by competitors. We continuously assess whether and where to seek
formal protection for existing and new innovations and technologies but cannot be certain whether our applications for such protections will be approved, and, if
approved, whether they will be enforceable.
We are subject to stringent and changing data privacy and security laws, rules, regulations and other obligations. These areas could damage our
reputation, deter current and potential customers, affect our product design, or result in legal or regulatory proceedings and liability.
We process sensitive, confidential or personal data or information that is subject to privacy and security laws, regulations, industry standards, external and
internal policies, contracts and other obligations that govern the processing of such data by us and on our behalf. Concerns about our practices or the ultimate
use of our products and services with regard to the collection, use, retention, security or disclosure of personal information or other privacy-related matters,
including for use in AI, even if unfounded, could damage our reputation and adversely affect our operating results. The theft, loss or misuse of personal data in
our possession or by one of our partners could result in damage to our reputation, regulatory proceedings, disruption of our business activities or increased
security or remediation costs and costs related to defending legal claims.
In the United States, federal, state and local authorities have enacted numerous data privacy and security laws, including for data breach notification, personal
data privacy and consumer protection. Numerous U.S. states have enacted comprehensive privacy laws that impose certain obligations on covered businesses,
including providing specific disclosures in privacy notices and affording residents with certain rights concerning their personal data. As applicable, such rights
may include the right to access, correct, or delete certain personal data, and to opt-out of certain data processing activities, such as targeted advertising,
profiling and automated decision-making. The exercise of these rights may impact our business and ability to provide our products and services. Certain states
also impose stricter requirements for processing certain personal data, including sensitive information, such as conducting data privacy impact assessments.
These state laws allow for statutory fines for noncompliance. For example, the California Consumer Privacy Act of 2018, as amended by the California Privacy
Rights Act of 2020, or CPRA, or collectively the CCPA, gives California residents the right to access, delete and opt-out of certain sharing of their personal
information, and to receive detailed information about how it is used and shared. The CCPA provides for substantial fines for intentional violation and the law
created a private right of action for certain data breaches. Similar laws are being considered in several other states, as well as at the federal and local levels.
Additionally, several states and localities have enacted measures related to the use of AI and machine learning in products and services. If we become subject to
additional data privacy laws, the risk of enforcement action against us could increase.
Worldwide regulatory authorities are also considering and have approved various legislative proposals concerning data protection. The European Union adopted
the General Data Protection Regulation, or GDPR, and the United Kingdom similarly adopted the U.K. GDPR, governing the strict handling of personal data of
persons within the European Economic Area, or EEA, and the United Kingdom, respectively, including its use and protection and the ability of persons whose
data is stored to access, correct, and delete such data about themselves. If we are found not to comply, we could be subject to penalties of up to €20 million or
4% of worldwide revenue, whichever is greater, and classes of individuals or consumer protection organizations may initiate litigation related to our processing of
their personal data. Furthermore, the EU AI Act and similar legislation could impose onerous obligations that may disproportionately impact and disadvantage us
and require us to change our business practices. Additionally, Europe’s Network and Information Security Directive, or NIS2, regulates resilience and incident
response capabilities of entities operating in a number of sectors, including the digital infrastructure sector. Non-compliance with NIS2 may lead to administrative
fines of a maximum of 10 million Euros or up to 2% of the total worldwide revenue of the preceding fiscal year.
In the ordinary course of business, we transfer personal data from Europe, China, and other jurisdictions to the United States or other countries. Certain
jurisdictions have enacted data localization laws and cross-border personal data
30

Table of Contents
transfer laws. For example, the GDPR governs the transfer of personal data to countries outside of the EEA. The European Commission released a set of
“Standard Contractual Clauses” designed for entities to validly transfer personal data out of the EEA to jurisdictions that the European Commission has not found
to provide an adequate level of protection, including the United States. Additionally, the U.K.’s International Data Transfer Agreement / Addendum, as well as the
EU-U.S. Data Privacy Framework and the U.K. extension thereto (which allows for transfers to relevant U.S.-based organizations who self-certify compliance
and participate in the Framework) are mechanisms that may be used to transfer personal data from the EEA and U.K. to the United States. However, these
mechanisms are subject to legal challenges, and there is no assurance that we can satisfy or rely on these measures to lawfully transfer personal data to the
United States. Other jurisdictions have enacted or are considering similar cross-border personal data transfer laws and local personal data residency laws, any
of which would increase the cost and complexity of doing business and could result in fines from regulators. For example, China’s law imposes various
requirements relating to data processing and data localization. Data broadly defined as important under China’s law, including personal data, may not be
transferable outside of China without prior assessment and approval by the Cyberspace Administration of China, or CAC. Compliance with these requirements,
including CAC assessments and any deemed failures of such assessments, could cause us to incur liability, prevent us from using data collected in China or
impact our ability to transfer data outside of China. The inability to import personal data to the United States could significantly and negatively impact our
business operations, limit our ability to collaborate with parties that are subject to European, China and other data privacy and security laws, or require us to
increase our personal data processing capabilities in Europe and/or elsewhere at significant expense. Some European regulators have prevented companies
from transferring personal data out of Europe for allegedly violating the GDPR’s cross-border data transfer limitations, which could negatively impact our
business.
We are also bound by certain contractual obligations related to data privacy and security, and our efforts to comply with such obligations may not be successful
or may be claimed to be non-compliant. For example, certain privacy laws, such as the GDPR and the CCPA, require our customers to impose specific
contractual restrictions on their service providers. We sometimes host personal data in collaboration with our customers, and if a breach exposed or altered that
personal data, it could harm those customer relationships and subject us to litigation, regulatory action, or fines. We publish privacy policies, marketing materials
and other statements, such as compliance with certain certifications or self-regulatory principles, regarding data privacy and security. Regulators in the U.S. are
increasingly scrutinizing these statements, and if these policies, materials or statements are found to be deficient, lacking in transparency, deceptive, unfair or
misrepresentative of our practices, we may be subject to investigation, enforcement actions by regulators or other adverse consequences.
Data protection laws around the world are quickly changing and may be interpreted and applied in an increasingly stringent fashion and in a manner that is
inconsistent with our data practices. These obligations may affect our product design and necessitate changes to our information technologies, systems and
practices and to those of any third parties that process personal data on our behalf. Despite our efforts, we or third parties we rely upon may fail to comply with
such obligations. If we fail, or are perceived to have failed, to address or comply with data privacy and security obligations, we could face significant
consequences, including but not limited to, government enforcement actions, litigation, additional reporting requirements and/or oversight, bans on processing
personal data, and orders to destroy or not use personal data. Any of these events could have a material adverse effect on our reputation, business, or financial
condition.
We may have exposure to additional tax liabilities and our operating results may be adversely impacted by changes in tax laws, higher than expected
tax rates and other tax-related factors.
We are subject to complex income tax laws and regulations, as well as non-income-based taxes, in various jurisdictions. Significant judgment is required in
determining our worldwide provision for income taxes and other tax liabilities. We are regularly under audit by tax authorities in different jurisdictions. Although
we believe our tax estimates are reasonable, any adverse outcome could increase our worldwide effective tax rate, increase the amount of non-income taxes
imposed on our business, and harm our financial position, results of operations, net income, and cash flows.
Further, changes in tax laws or their interpretation by tax authorities in the U.S. or foreign jurisdictions could increase our future tax liability or cause other
adverse tax impacts, which may materially impact our results of operations, or the way we conduct our business. Most of our income is taxable in the U.S., with
a significant portion qualifying for preferential treatment as foreign-derived intangible income, or FDII. If U.S. tax rates increase or the FDII deduction is reduced,
our provision for income taxes, results of operations, net income, and cash flows would be adversely affected. In addition, our tax obligations and effective tax
rate in the jurisdictions in which we conduct business could increase as a result of international tax developments, including the implementation of the Two-Pillar
framework led by the Organization for Economic Cooperation and Development, or OECD, which involves the reallocation of taxing rights in respect of certain
multinational enterprises above a fixed profit margin to the jurisdictions in which they carry on business (referred to as Pillar One), and imposes a minimum
effective corporate tax rate (referred to as Pillar Two). A number of countries in which we conduct business have enacted, or are in the process of enacting,
elements of the Pillar Two rules. Any such tax laws, or changes in any such tax laws may increase tax uncertainty and compliance costs and adversely affect our
provision for income taxes, cash tax payments, results of operations, and financial condition.
Our future effective tax rate may also be affected by a variety of factors, including changes in our business or statutory rates, the mix of earnings in countries
with differing statutory tax rates, available tax incentives, credits and deductions,
31

Table of Contents
the expiration of statutes of limitations, changes in accounting principles, adjustments to income taxes upon finalization of tax returns, increases in expenses not
deductible for tax purposes, the estimates of our deferred tax assets and liabilities and deferred tax asset valuation allowances, changing interpretation of
existing laws or regulations, the impact of accounting for business combinations, as well as changes in the domestic or international organization of our business
and structure. Furthermore, the tax effects of accounting for stock-based compensation and volatility in our stock price may significantly impact our effective tax
rate in the period in which they occur. A decline in our stock price may result in reduced future tax benefits from stock-based compensation, increase our
effective tax rate, and adversely affect our financial results.
Our business is exposed to the burden and risks associated with litigation, investigations and regulatory proceedings.
We currently and will likely continue to face legal, administrative and regulatory proceedings, claims, demands and/or investigations involving shareholder,
consumer, competition and/or other issues relating to our business. For example, we are defending a securities class action lawsuit from multiple shareholders
asserting claims that we and certain of our officers made false and/or misleading statements related to channel inventory and the impact of cryptocurrency
mining on GPU demand in 2017 and 2018. Litigation and regulatory proceedings are inherently uncertain, and adverse rulings could occur, including monetary
damages or fines, or an injunction stopping us from manufacturing or selling certain products, engaging in certain business practices, or requiring other
remedies, such as compulsory licensing of patents. An unfavorable outcome or settlement may result in a material adverse impact. Regardless of the outcome,
litigation can be costly, time-consuming, and disruptive to our operations.
Delaware law and our certificate of incorporation, bylaws and agreement with Microsoft could delay or prevent a change in control.
The anti-takeover provisions of the Delaware General Corporation Law may discourage, delay, or prevent a change in control. Provisions in our certificate of
incorporation and bylaws could make it more difficult for a third party to acquire a majority of our outstanding stock. These provisions include the ability of our
Board of Directors to create and issue preferred stock, change the number of directors, and to make, amend or repeal our bylaws without prior shareholder
approval; the inability of our shareholders to act by written consent; advance notice requirements for director nominations and shareholder proposals; and super-
majority voting requirement to amend some provisions in our certificate of incorporation and bylaws. Under our agreement with Microsoft for the Xbox, if
someone makes an offer to purchase at least 30% of our outstanding common stock, Microsoft may have first and last rights of refusal to purchase the stock.
These provisions could delay or prevent a change in control of NVIDIA, discourage proxy contests, and make it more difficult for shareholders to elect directors
of their choosing and to cause us to take other corporate actions they desire.
Item 1B. Unresolved Staff Comments
Not applicable.
Item 1C. Cybersecurity
Risk management and strategy
We have in place certain infrastructure, systems, policies, and procedures that are designed to proactively and reactively address circumstances that arise when
unexpected events such as a cybersecurity incident occur. These include processes for assessing, identifying, and managing material risks from cybersecurity
threats. Our information security management program generally follows processes outlined in frameworks such as the ISO 27001 international standard for
Information Security and we evaluate and evolve our security measures as appropriate. We consult with external parties, such as cybersecurity firms and risk
management and governance experts, on risk management and strategy.
Identifying, assessing, and managing cybersecurity risk is integrated into our overall risk management systems and processes, and we have in place
cybersecurity and data privacy training and policies designed to (a) respond to new requirements in global privacy and cybersecurity laws and (b) prevent,
detect, respond to, mitigate and recover from identified and significant cybersecurity threats.
We also have a vendor risk assessment process consisting of, depending on the nature and sensitivity of the supplier and data they process on our behalf, the
distribution and review of supplier questionnaires designed to help us evaluate cybersecurity risks that we may encounter when working with third parties that
have access to confidential and other sensitive company information. We take steps designed to ensure that such vendors have implemented data privacy and
security controls that help mitigate the cybersecurity risks associated with these vendors, depending on the nature and sensitivity of the supplier and data they
process on our behalf. We routinely assess our high-risk suppliers’ conformance to industry standards (e.g., ISO 27001, ISO 28001, and C-TPAT), and we
evaluate them for additional information, product, and physical security requirements.
Refer to “Item 1A. Risk factors” in this annual report on Form 10-K for additional information about cybersecurity-related risks.
32

Table of Contents
Governance
Information security matters, including managing and assessing risks from cybersecurity threats, remain under the oversight of the Company’s Board of
Directors, or the Board. The Audit Committee of the Board, or the Audit Committee, also reviews the adequacy and effectiveness of the Company’s information
security policies and practices and the internal controls regarding information security risks. The Audit Committee receives regular information security updates
from management, including our Chief Security Officer and members of our security team. The Board also receives annual reports on information security
matters from our Chief Security Officer and members of our security team.
Our security efforts are managed by a team of executive cybersecurity, IT, engineering, operations, and legal professionals. We have established a cross-
functional leadership team, consisting of executive-level leaders, that meets regularly to review cybersecurity matters and evaluate emerging threats. With
oversight and guidance provided by the cross-functional leadership team, our information security teams refine our practices to address emerging security risks
and changes in regulations. Our executive-level leadership team also participates in cybersecurity incident response efforts by engaging with the incident
response team and helping direct the company’s response to and assessment of certain cybersecurity incidents.
We have designated a Chief Security Officer that reports to our Senior Vice President of Software Engineering to manage our assessment and management of
material risks from cybersecurity threats. Our Chief Security Officer’s cybersecurity expertise includes over 17 years of combined government and private sector
assignments.
Item 2. Properties
Our headquarters is in Santa Clara, California. We own and lease approximately 3  million square feet of office and building space for our corporate
headquarters. In addition, we lease data center space in Santa Clara, California. We also own and lease facilities for data centers, research and development,
and/or sales and administrative purposes throughout the U.S. and in various international locations, primarily in China, India, Israel, and Taiwan. We believe our
existing facilities, both owned and leased, are in good condition and suitable for the conduct of our business. We do not identify or allocate assets by operating
segment. For additional information regarding obligations under leases, refer to Note 17 of the Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements in Part IV, Item
15 of this Annual Report on Form 10-K, which information is hereby incorporated by reference.
Item 3. Legal Proceedings
Please see Note 12 of the Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements in Part IV, Item 15 of this Annual Report on Form 10-K for a discussion of our legal
proceedings.
Item 4. Mine Safety Disclosures
Not applicable.
Part II
Item 5. Market for Registrant's Common Equity, Related Stockholder Matters and Issuer Purchases of Equity Securities
Our common stock is traded on the Nasdaq Global Select Market under the symbol NVDA. Public trading of our common stock began on January 22, 1999.
Prior to that, there was no public market for our common stock. As of February 21, 2025, we had approximately 842 registered shareholders, not including those
shares held in street or nominee name.
In May 2024, we announced a ten-for-one stock split, or the Stock Split, of our issued common stock, which was effected through the filing of an amendment to
the Company's Restated Certificate of Incorporation, or the Amendment, with the Secretary of the State of Delaware. In June 2024, the Company filed the
Amendment to effect the Stock Split and proportionately increased the number of shares of the Company’s authorized common stock from 8.0 billion to 80.0
billion. Shareholders of record at the close of market on June 6, 2024 received nine additional shares of common stock, distributed after the close of market on
June 7, 2024. All share, equity award and per share amounts presented herein have been retrospectively adjusted to reflect the Stock Split.
Issuer Purchases of Equity Securities
On August 26, 2024, our Board of Directors approved an additional $50 billion to our share repurchase authorization, without expiration. In fiscal year 2025, we
repurchased 310 million shares of our common stock for $34.0 billion. As of January  26, 2025, we were authorized, subject to certain specifications, to
repurchase up to $38.7 billion of our common stock.
The repurchases can be made in the open market, in privately negotiated transactions, pursuant to a Rule 10b5-1 trading plan or in structured share repurchase
agreements in compliance with Rule 10b-18 of the Exchange Act, subject to
33

Table of Contents
market conditions, applicable legal requirements, and other factors. Our share repurchase program may be suspended at any time at our discretion.
In fiscal year 2025, we paid cash dividends to our shareholders of $834 million. The payment of future cash dividends is subject to our Board of Directors'
continuing determination that the declaration of dividends is in the best interests of our shareholders.
The following table presents details of our share repurchase transactions during the fourth quarter of fiscal year 2025:
Period
Total Number
of Shares
Purchased
(In millions)
Average Price Paid
per Share (1)
Total Number of Shares
Purchased as Part of
Publicly Announced
Program (In millions)
Approximate Dollar Value
of Shares that May Yet Be
Purchased Under the
Program (In billions)
October 28, 2024 - November 24, 2024
25.4 
$
142.67 
25.4 
$
42.8 
November 25, 2024 - December 22, 2024
10.6 
$
136.86 
10.6 
$
41.4 
December 23, 2024 - January 26, 2025
19.3 
$
139.30 
19.3 
$
38.7 
Total
55.3 
55.3 
(1)    Average price paid per share includes broker commissions, but excludes our liability under the 1% excise tax on the net amount of our share repurchases required by the Inflation Reduction Act of 2022.
From January 27, 2025 through February 21, 2025, we repurchased 29 million shares for $3.7 billion pursuant to a pre-established trading plan.
Restricted Stock Unit Share Withholding
We withhold shares of our common stock associated with net share settlements to cover tax withholding obligations upon the vesting of RSU awards under our
employee equity incentive program. During fiscal year 2025, we withheld approximately 59 million shares for a total value of $6.9 billion through net share
settlements. Refer to Note 3 of the Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements in Part IV, Item 15 of this Annual Report on Form 10-K for further discussion
regarding our equity incentive plans.
Recent Sales of Unregistered Securities and Use of Proceeds
On December 6, 2024, we issued a total of 94,560 shares of our common stock, valued at approximately $13.5 million based on our closing stock price on the
date of issuance, to key employees of a company we acquired.
On December 29, 2024, we issued a total of 205,110 shares of our common stock, valued at approximately $28.1 million based on our closing stock price on
December 27, 2024, to key employees of a company we acquired.
The above securities were issued in transactions not involving a public offering pursuant to an exemption from registration set forth in Section 4(a)(2) of
the Securities Act (and Regulation D or Regulation S promulgated thereunder).
Stock Performance Graphs
The following graph compares the cumulative total shareholder return for our common stock, the S&P 500 Index, and the Nasdaq 100 Index for the five years
ended January 26, 2025. The graph assumes that $100 was invested on January 26, 2020 in our common stock and in each of the S&P 500 Index and the
Nasdaq 100 Index. Our common stock is a component of each of the presented indices. Total return assumes reinvestment of dividends in each of the indices
indicated. Total return is based on historical results and is not intended to indicate future performance.
34

Table of Contents
*$100 invested on 1/26/2020 in stock and in indices, including reinvestment of dividends.
Source: FactSet financial data and analytics.
 
1/26/2020
1/31/2021
1/30/2022
1/29/2023
1/28/2024
1/26/2025
NVIDIA Corporation
$
100.00 
$
207.79 
$
365.66 
$
326.34 
$
978.42 
$
2,287.06 
S&P 500
$
100.00 
$
114.79 
$
138.90 
$
129.69 
$
158.39 
$
200.32 
Nasdaq 100
$
100.00 
$
142.64 
$
160.62 
$
136.37 
$
196.94 
$
248.12 
Item 6. [Reserved]
35

Table of Contents
Item 7. Management's Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations 
The following discussion and analysis of our financial condition and results of operations should be read in conjunction with “Item 1A. Risk Factors,” our
Consolidated Financial Statements and related Notes thereto, as well as other cautionary statements and risks described elsewhere in this Annual Report on
Form 10-K, before deciding to purchase, hold, or sell shares of our common stock. 
Overview
Our Company and Our Businesses
NVIDIA pioneered accelerated computing to help solve the most challenging computational problems. Since our original focus on PC graphics, we have
expanded to several other large and important computationally intensive fields. Fueled by the sustained demand for exceptional 3D graphics and the scale of the
gaming market, NVIDIA has leveraged its GPU architecture to create platforms for scientific computing, AI, data science, AV, robotics, and digital twin
applications.
Our two operating segments are "Compute & Networking" and "Graphics." Refer to Note 16 of the Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements in Part IV,
Item 15 of this Annual Report on Form 10-K for additional information.
Headquartered in Santa Clara, California, NVIDIA was incorporated in California in April 1993 and reincorporated in Delaware in April 1998.
Recent Developments, Future Objectives and Challenges
Demand and Supply
Revenue growth in fiscal year 2025 was driven by data center compute and networking platforms for accelerated computing and AI solutions. Demand for our
Hopper architecture drove our significant growth for the full year. We began shipping production systems of the Blackwell architecture in the fourth quarter of
fiscal year 2025.
Demand estimates for our products, applications, and services can be incorrect and create volatility in our revenue or supply levels. We may not be able to
generate significant revenue from them. Advancements in accelerated computing and generative AI models, along with the growth in model complexity and
scale, have driven increased demand for our Data Center systems.
We continue to increase our supply and capacity purchases with existing and new suppliers to support our demand projections and increasing complexity of our
data center products. With these additions, we have also entered and may continue to enter into prepaid manufacturing and capacity agreements to supply both
current and future products. The increased purchase volumes and integration of new suppliers and contract manufacturers into our supply chain creates more
complexity in managing multiple suppliers with variations in production planning, execution and logistics. Our expanding product portfolio and varying component
compatibility and quality may lead to increased inventory levels. We have incurred and may in the future incur inventory provisions or impairments if our
inventory or supply or capacity commitments exceed demand for our products or demand declines.
Product Transitions and New Product Introductions
Product transitions are complex and we often ship both new and prior architecture products simultaneously as our channel partners prepare to ship and support
new products. We are generally in various stages of transitioning the architectures of our Data Center, Gaming, Professional Visualization, and Automotive
products. The computing industry is experiencing a broader and faster launch cadence of accelerated computing platforms to meet a growing and diverse set of
AI opportunities. We have introduced a new product and architecture cadence of our Data Center solutions where we seek to complete new computing solutions
each year and provide a greater variety of Data Center offerings. The increased frequency of these transitions and the larger number of products and product
configurations may magnify the challenges associated with managing our supply and demand which may further create volatility in our revenue. The increased
frequency and complexity of newly introduced products could result in quality or production issues that could increase inventory provisions, warranty, or other
costs or result in product delays. We incur significant engineering development resources for new products, and changes to our product roadmap may impact
our ability to develop other products or adequately manage our supply chain cost. Customers may delay purchasing existing products as we increase the
frequency of new products or may not be able to adopt our new products as fast as forecasted, both impacting the timing of our revenue and supply chain cost.
While we have managed prior product transitions and have sold multiple product architectures at the same time, these transitions are difficult, may impair our
ability to predict demand and impact our supply mix, and may cause us to incur additional costs.
Global Trade
In August 2022, the USG announced licensing requirements that, with certain exceptions, impact exports to China (including Hong Kong and Macau) and Russia
of our A100 and H100 integrated circuits, DGX or any other systems or boards which incorporate A100 or H100 integrated circuits.
36

Table of Contents
In July 2023, the USG informed us of an additional licensing requirement for a subset of A100 and H100 products destined to certain customers and other
regions, including some countries in the Middle East.
In October 2023, the USG announced new and updated licensing requirements that became effective in our fourth quarter of fiscal year 2024 for exports to
China and Country Groups D1, D4, and D5 (including but not limited to Saudi Arabia, the United Arab Emirates, and Vietnam, but excluding Israel) of our
products exceeding certain performance thresholds, including, but not limited to, the A100, A800, H100, H800, L4, L40, L40S and RTX 4090. The licensing
requirements also apply to the export of products exceeding certain performance thresholds to a party headquartered in, or with an ultimate parent
headquartered in, Country Group D5, including China. On October 23, 2023, the USG informed us that the licensing requirements were effective immediately for
shipments of our A100, A800, H100, H800, and L40S products (removing the grace period granted by the official rule). Blackwell systems, such as GB200 NVL
72 and NVL 36 as well as B200 are also subject to these requirements and therefore require a license for any shipment to certain entities and to China and
Country Groups D1, D4 and D5, excluding Israel. To date, we have not received licenses to ship these restricted products to China. Additionally, we understand
that partners and customers have also not received a license to ship these restricted products.
We expanded our Data Center product portfolio to offer new solutions, including those for which the USG does not require a license or advance notice before
each shipment. We ramped new products designed specifically for China that do not require an export control license. Our Data Center revenue in China grew in
fiscal year 2025. As a percentage of total Data Center revenue, it remains well below levels seen prior to the onset of export controls in October 2023. The
market in China for datacenter solutions remains competitive. We will continue to comply with export controls while serving our customers. To the extent that a
customer requires products covered by the licensing requirements, we may seek a license for the customer but have no assurance that the USG will grant such
a license, or that the USG will act on the license application in a timely manner or at all.
On January 15, 2025, the USG published the “AI Diffusion” IFR in the Federal Register. After a 120-day delayed compliance period, the IFR will, unless modified,
impose a worldwide licensing requirement on all products classified under Export Control Classification Numbers, or ECCNs, 3A090.a, 4A090.a, or
corresponding .z ECCNs, including all related software and technology. Any system that incorporates one or more of the covered integrated circuits, or ICs,
(including but not limited to NVIDIA DGX, HGX, and MGX systems) will be covered by the new licensing requirement. The licensing requirement will include
future NVIDIA ICs, boards, or systems classified with ECCN 3A090.a or 4A090.a, or corresponding .z ECCNs, achieving certain total processing performance
and/or performance density.
Unless a license exception is available, the worldwide licensing requirements will apply to the following NVIDIA products, and any others we develop that meet
the characteristics of 3A090.a or 4A090.a, including but not limited to: A100, A800, H100, H200, H800, B100, B200, GB200, L4, L40S, and RTX 6000 Ada.
Our competitive position has been harmed by the existing export controls, and our competitive position and future results may be further harmed, over the long
term, if there are further changes in the USG’s export controls. Given the increasing strategic importance of AI and rising geopolitical tensions, the USG has
changed and may again change the export control rules at any time and further subject a wider range of our products to export restrictions and licensing
requirements, negatively impacting our business and financial results. In the event of such change, we may be unable to sell our inventory of such products and
may be unable to develop replacement products not subject to the licensing requirements, effectively excluding us from all or part of the China market, as well as
other impacted markets, including the Middle East and countries designated “Tier 2” by the AI Diffusion IFR. In addition to export controls, the USG may impose
restrictions on the import and sale of products that incorporate technologies developed or manufactured in whole or in part in China. For example, the USG is
considering restrictions on the import and sale of certain automotive products in the United States, which if adopted and interpreted broadly, could impact our
ability to develop and supply solutions for our automotive customers.
While we work to enhance the resiliency and redundancy of our supply chain, which is currently concentrated in the Asia-Pacific region, new and existing export
controls or changes to existing export controls could limit alternative manufacturing locations and negatively impact our business. Refer to “Item 1A. Risk Factors
– Risks Related to Regulatory, Legal, Our Stock and Other Matters” for a discussion of this potential impact.
Macroeconomic Factors
Macroeconomic factors, including inflation, interest rate changes, capital market volatility, global supply chain constraints, tariffs, and global economic and
geopolitical developments, may have direct and indirect impacts on our results of operations, particularly demand for our products. While difficult to isolate and
quantify, these macroeconomic factors impact our supply chain and manufacturing costs, employee wages, costs for capital equipment and value of our
investments. Our product and solution pricing generally does not fluctuate with short-term changes in our costs. Within our supply chain, we continuously
manage product availability and costs with our vendors.
37

Table of Contents
Israel and Regional Conflicts
We are monitoring the impact of the geopolitical conflict in and around Israel on our operations, including the health and safety of our approximately 4,700
employees in the region who primarily support the research and development, operations, and sales and marketing of our networking products. Our global
supply chain for our networking products has not experienced any significant impact. Some of our employees in the region have been on active military duty for
an extended period and may continue to be absent, which may cause disruption to our product development or operations. We have not experienced significant
impact or expense to our business; however, if the conflict is further extended or expanded, it could impact future product development, operations, and revenue
or create other uncertainty for our business.
Fiscal Year 2025 Summary
 
Year Ended
 
Jan 26, 2025
Jan 28, 2024
Change
($ in millions, except per share data)
Revenue
$
130,497 
$
60,922 
Up 114%
Gross margin
75.0 %
72.7 %
Up 2.3 pts
Operating expenses
$
16,405 
$
11,329 
Up 45%
Operating income
$
81,453 
$
32,972 
Up 147%
Net income
$
72,880 
$
29,760 
Up 145%
Net income per diluted share
$
2.94 
$
1.19 
Up 147%
We specialize in markets where our computing platforms can provide tremendous acceleration for applications. These platforms incorporate processors,
interconnects, software, algorithms, systems, and services to deliver unique value. Our platforms address four large markets where our expertise is critical: Data
Center, Gaming, Professional Visualization, and Automotive.
Revenue for fiscal year 2025 was $130.5 billion, up 114% from a year ago.
Data Center revenue for fiscal year 2025 was up 142% from a year ago. The strong year-on-year growth was driven by demand for our Hopper architecture
accelerated computing platform used for large language models, recommendation engines, and generative AI applications. We began shipping production
systems of the Blackwell architecture in the fourth quarter of fiscal year 2025.
Gaming revenue for fiscal year 2025 was up 9% from a year ago, driven by sales of our GeForce RTX 40 Series GPUs.
Professional Visualization revenue for fiscal year 2025 was up 21% from a year ago, driven by the continued ramp of Ada RTX GPU workstations for use cases
such as generative AI-powered design, simulation, and engineering.
Automotive revenue for fiscal year 2025 was up 55% from a year ago, driven by sales of our self-driving platforms.
Gross margin increased in fiscal year 2025 driven by a higher mix of Data Center revenue.
Operating expenses for fiscal year 2025 were up 45% from a year ago, driven by higher compensation and benefits expenses due to employee growth and
compensation increases, and engineering development, compute and infrastructure costs for new product introductions.
Critical Accounting Estimates
Our consolidated financial statements are prepared in accordance with accounting principles generally accepted in the United States, or U.S. GAAP. The
preparation of these financial statements requires us to make estimates and judgments that affect the reported amounts of assets, liabilities, revenue, cost of
revenue, expenses and related disclosure of contingencies. Critical accounting estimates are those estimates that involve a significant level of estimation
uncertainty and could have a material impact on our financial condition or results of operations. We have critical accounting estimates in the areas of inventories,
income taxes, and revenue recognition. Refer to Note 1 of the Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements in Part IV, Item 15 of this Annual Report on Form
10-K for a summary of significant accounting policies.
Inventories
We charge cost of sales for inventory provisions to write-down our inventory to the lower of cost or net realizable value or for obsolete or excess inventory, and
for excess product purchase commitments. Most of our inventory provisions relate to excess quantities of products or components, based on our inventory levels
and future product purchase
38

Table of Contents
commitments compared to assumptions about future demand and market conditions, which requires management judgment.
Situations that may result in excess or obsolete inventory or excess product purchase commitments include changes in business and economic conditions,
changes in market conditions, sudden and significant decreases in demand for our products, including potential cancellation or deferral of customer purchase
orders, inventory obsolescence because of changing technology and customer requirements, new product introductions resulting in less demand for existing
products or inconsistent spikes in demand, failure to estimate customer demand properly, ordering in advance of historical lead-times, government regulations
and the impact of changes in future demand, or increase in demand for competitive products, including competitive actions.
The net effect on our gross margin from inventory provisions and sales of items previously written down was an unfavorable impact of 2.3% in fiscal year 2025
and 2.7% in fiscal year 2024. Our inventory and capacity purchase commitments are based on forecasts of future customer demand and consider our third-party
manufacturers' lead times and constraints. Our manufacturing lead times can be and have been long, and in some cases, extended beyond twelve months for
some products. We may place non-cancellable inventory orders for certain product components in advance of our historical lead times, pay premiums and
provide deposits to secure future supply and capacity. We also adjust to other market factors, such as product offerings and pricing actions by our competitors,
new product transitions, and macroeconomic conditions - all of which may impact demand for our products.
Refer to the Gross Profit and Gross Margin discussion below in this Management's Discussion and Analysis for further discussion.
Income Taxes
We are subject to income taxes in the U.S. and foreign jurisdictions. Our calculation of deferred tax assets and liabilities is based on certain estimates and
judgments and involves dealing with uncertainties in the application of complex tax laws. Our estimates of deferred tax assets and liabilities may change based,
in part, on added certainty or finality to an anticipated outcome, changes in accounting standards or tax laws in the U.S. or foreign jurisdictions where we
operate, or changes in other facts or circumstances. In addition, we recognize liabilities for potential U.S. and foreign income tax contingencies based on our
estimate of whether, and the extent to which, additional taxes may be due. If we determine that payment of these amounts is unnecessary or if the recorded tax
liability is less than our current assessment, we may be required to recognize an income tax benefit or additional income tax expense in our financial statements
accordingly.
We record a valuation allowance to reduce deferred tax assets to the amount that is believed more likely than not to be realized based on all available evidence.
To the extent realization of the deferred tax assets becomes more-likely-than-not, we would recognize such deferred tax assets as income tax benefits during the
period.
We recognize the benefit from a tax position only if it is more-likely-than-not that the position would be sustained upon audit based solely on the technical merits
of the tax position. Our policy is to include interest and penalties related to unrecognized tax benefits as a component of income tax expense.
Revenue Recognition
Revenue Allowances
For products sold with a right of return, we record a reduction to revenue by establishing a sales return allowance for estimated product returns at the time
revenue is recognized, based primarily on historical return rates. However, if product returns for a fiscal period are anticipated to exceed historical return rates,
we may determine that additional sales return allowances are required to reflect our estimated exposure for product returns. Return rights for certain stocking
distributors for specific products are contractually limited based on a percentage of prior quarter shipments. For shipments to other customers, we do not allow
returns, although we may approve returns for credit or refund based on applicable facts and circumstances.
We account for customer programs, which involve rebates and marketing development funds, or MDFs, as a reduction in revenue and accrue for such programs
based on the amount we expect to be claimed by customers. Certain customer programs include distributor price incentives or other channel programs for
specific products and customer classes which require judgement as to whether the applicable incentives will be attained. Estimates for customer program
accruals include a combination of historical attainment and claim rates and may be adjusted based on relevant internal and external factors.
License and Development Arrangements
Revenue from License and Development Arrangements is recognized over the period in which the development services are performed. Each fiscal reporting
period, we measure progress to completion based on actual cost incurred to date as a percentage of the estimated total cost required to complete each project.
Estimated total cost for each project includes a forecast of internal engineer personnel time expected to be incurred and other third-party costs as applicable.
39

Table of Contents
Contracts with Multiple Performance Obligations
Our contracts may contain more than one performance obligation. Judgement is required in determining whether each performance obligation within a customer
contract is distinct. Except for License and Development Arrangements, NVIDIA products and services function on a standalone basis and do not require a
significant amount of integration or interdependency. Therefore, multiple performance obligations contained within a customer contract are considered distinct
and are not combined for revenue recognition purposes.
We allocate the total transaction price to each distinct performance obligation in an arrangement with multiple performance obligations on a relative standalone
selling price basis. In certain cases, we can establish standalone selling price based on directly observable prices of products or services sold separately in
comparable circumstances to similar customers. If standalone selling price is not directly observable, such as when we do not sell a product or service
separately, we determine standalone selling price based on market data and other observable inputs.
Results of Operations
A discussion regarding our financial condition and results of operations for fiscal year 2025 compared to fiscal year 2024 is presented below. A discussion
regarding our financial condition and results of operations for fiscal year 2024 compared to fiscal year 2023 can be found under Item 7 in our Annual Report on
Form 10-K for the fiscal year ended January 28, 2024, filed with the SEC on February 21, 2024, which is available free of charge on the SEC’s website at
http://www.sec.gov and at our investor relations website, http://investor.nvidia.com.
The following table sets forth, for the periods indicated, certain items in our Consolidated Statements of Income expressed as a percentage of revenue. 
  
Year Ended
 
Jan 26, 2025
Jan 28, 2024
Revenue
100.0 %
100.0 %
Cost of revenue
25.0 
27.3 
Gross profit
75.0 
72.7 
Operating expenses
 
Research and development
9.9 
14.2 
Sales, general and administrative
2.7 
4.4 
Total operating expenses
12.6 
18.6 
Operating income
62.4 
54.1 
Interest income
1.4 
1.4 
Interest expense
(0.2)
(0.4)
Other, net
0.8 
0.4 
Other income (expense), net
2.0 
1.4 
Income before income tax
64.4 
55.5 
Income tax expense
8.6 
6.6 
Net income
55.8 %
48.9 %
40

Table of Contents
Reportable Segments
Revenue by Reportable Segments
Year Ended
Jan 26, 2025
Jan 28, 2024
$
Change
%
Change
($ in millions)
Compute & Networking
$
116,193 
$
47,405 
$
68,788 
145 %
Graphics
14,304 
13,517 
787 
6 %
Total
$
130,497 
$
60,922 
$
69,575 
114 %
Operating Income by Reportable Segments
Year Ended
Jan 26, 2025
Jan 28, 2024
$
Change
%
Change
($ in millions)
Compute & Networking
$
82,875 
$
32,016 
$
50,859 
159 %
Graphics
5,085 
5,846 
(761)
(13)%
All Other
(6,507)
(4,890)
(1,617)
33 %
Total
$
81,453 
$
32,972 
$
48,481 
147 %
Compute & Networking revenue – The year over year increase was due to strong demand for our accelerated computing and AI solutions. Revenue from Data
Center computing grew 162% driven primarily by demand for our Hopper computing platform used for large language models, recommendation engines, and
generative AI applications. Revenue from Data Center networking grew 51% driven by Ethernet for AI revenue, which includes Spectrum-X end-to-end ethernet
platform.
Graphics revenue – The year over year increase was driven by sales of our GeForce RTX 40 Series GPUs.
Reportable segment operating income – The year over year increase in Compute & Networking segment operating income was driven by growth in revenue. The
year over year decrease in Graphics segment operating income was driven by an increase of 44% in segment operating expenses, partially offset by growth in
revenue.
All Other operating loss – The year over year increase was due to an increase in stock-based compensation expense reflecting employee growth and
compensation increases.
Concentration of Revenue
We refer to customers who purchase products directly from NVIDIA as direct customers, such as AIBs, distributors, ODMs, OEMs, and system integrators. We
have certain customers that may purchase products directly from NVIDIA and may use either internal resources or third-party system integrators to complete
their build. We also have indirect customers, who purchase products through our direct customers; indirect customers include CSPs, consumer internet
companies, enterprises, and public sector entities.
Direct Customers – Sales to direct customers which represented 10% or more of total revenue, all of which were primarily attributable to the Compute &
Networking segment, are presented in the following table:
Year Ended
Jan 26, 2025
Jan 28, 2024
Direct Customer A
12 %
*
Direct Customer B
11 %
13 %
Direct Customer C
11 %
*
* Less than 10% of total revenue.
No customer represented 10% or more of total revenue for fiscal year 2023.
41

Table of Contents
Indirect Customers – Indirect customer revenue is an estimation based upon multiple factors including customer purchase order information, product
specifications, internal sales data, and other sources. Actual indirect customer revenue may differ from our estimates. For fiscal year 2025, an indirect customer
which primarily purchases our products through system integrators and distributors, including through Direct Customer B, is estimated to represent 10% or more
of total revenue, attributable to the Compute & Networking segment.
We have experienced periods where we receive a significant amount of our revenue from a limited number of customers, and this trend may continue.
Revenue by geographic region is designated based on the billing location even if the revenue may be attributable to indirect customers in a different location.
Revenue from sales to customers outside of the United States accounted for 53% and 56% of total revenue for fiscal years 2025 and 2024, respectively.
Gross Profit and Gross Margin
Gross profit consists of total net revenue less cost of revenue. Cost of revenue consists primarily of the cost of semiconductors, including wafer fabrication,
assembly, testing and packaging, board and device costs, manufacturing support costs, including labor and overhead associated with such purchases, final test
yield fallout, inventory and warranty provisions, memory and component costs, tariffs, and shipping costs. Cost of revenue also includes acquisition-related
intangible amortization expense, costs for license and development and service arrangements, IP-related costs, and stock-based compensation related to
personnel associated with manufacturing operations.
Gross margins increased to 75.0% in fiscal year 2025 from 72.7% in fiscal year 2024. The year over year increase was primarily driven by a higher mix of Data
Center revenue.
Provisions for inventory and excess inventory purchase obligations totaled $3.7 billion and $2.2 billion for fiscal years 2025 and 2024, respectively. Sales of
previously reserved inventory and settlements of excess inventory purchase obligations resulted in a provision release of $689 million and $540 million for fiscal
years 2025 and 2024, respectively. The net effect on our gross margin was an unfavorable impact of 2.3% and 2.7% in fiscal years 2025 and 2024, respectively.
Operating Expenses
 
Year Ended
 
Jan 26, 2025
Jan 28, 2024
$
Change
%
Change
 
($ in millions)
Research and development expenses
$
12,914 
$
8,675 
$
4,239 
49 %
% of net revenue
9.9 %
14.2 %
 
 
Sales, general and administrative expenses
3,491 
2,654 
837 
32 %
% of net revenue
2.7 %
4.4 %
 
 
Total operating expenses
$
16,405 
$
11,329 
$
5,076 
45 %
% of net revenue
12.6 %
18.6 %
The increases in research and development expenses for fiscal year 2025 were driven by a 32% increase in compensation and benefits, including stock-based
compensation, reflecting employee growth and compensation increases, a 100% increase in compute and infrastructure, and a 234% increase in engineering
development costs for new product introductions.
The increases in sales, general and administrative expenses for fiscal year 2025 were primarily driven by compensation and benefits, including stock-based
compensation, reflecting employee growth and compensation increases.
42

Table of Contents
Other Income (Expense), Net
 
Year Ended
 
Jan 26, 2025
Jan 28, 2024
$
Change
 
($ in millions)
Interest income
$
1,786 
$
866 
$
920 
Interest expense
(247)
(257)
10 
Other, net
1,034 
237 
797 
Other income (expense), net
$
2,573 
$
846 
$
1,727 
The increase in interest income was primarily due to growth in cash, cash equivalents, and marketable securities.
Interest expense is comprised of coupon interest and debt discount amortization related to our notes.
Other, net consists of realized or unrealized gains and losses from investments in non-marketable equity securities, publicly-held equity securities, and the
impact of changes in foreign currency rates. The change in Other, net, compared to fiscal year 2024, was primarily driven by an increase in fair value of our non-
marketable equity securities and publicly-held equity securities. Refer to Note 8 of the Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements in Part IV, Item 15 of this
Annual Report on Form 10-K for additional information regarding our non-marketable equity securities.
Income Taxes
Income tax expense was $11.1 billion and $4.1 billion for fiscal years 2025 and 2024, respectively. Income tax as a percentage of income before income tax was
an expense of 13.3% and 12.0% for fiscal years 2025 and 2024, respectively.
The effective tax rate increased primarily due to higher pre-tax income and a prior year discrete benefit due to an audit resolution.
Our effective tax rates for fiscal years 2025 and 2024 were lower than the U.S. federal statutory rate of 21% due primarily to tax benefits from the FDII deduction,
stock-based compensation, the U.S. federal research tax credit, and income earned in jurisdictions that are subject to taxes at rates lower than the U.S. federal
statutory tax rate. Our effective tax rate for fiscal year 2024 was additionally benefited by the audit resolution.
Given our current and possible future earnings, we believe that we may release the valuation allowance associated with certain state deferred tax assets in the
near term, which would decrease our income tax expense for the period the release is recorded. The timing and amount of the valuation allowance release could
vary based on our assessment of all available information.
Refer to Note 13 of the Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements in Part IV, Item 15 of this Annual Report on Form 10-K for additional information.
Liquidity and Capital Resources
 
Jan 26, 2025
Jan 28, 2024
 
(In millions)
Cash and cash equivalents
$
8,589 
$
7,280 
Marketable securities
34,621 
18,704 
Cash, cash equivalents, and marketable securities
$
43,210 
$
25,984 
 
Year Ended
Jan 26, 2025
Jan 28, 2024
 
(In millions)
Net cash provided by operating activities
$
64,089 
$
28,090 
Net cash used in investing activities
$
(20,421)
$
(10,566)
Net cash used in financing activities
$
(42,359)
$
(13,633)
Our investment policy requires the purchase of highly-rated fixed income securities, the diversification of investment types and credit exposures, and certain
maturity limits on our portfolio.
43

Table of Contents
Cash provided by operating activities increased in fiscal year 2025 compared to fiscal year 2024, due to growth in revenue.
Cash used in investing activities increased in fiscal year 2025 compared to fiscal year 2024, primarily driven by net purchases of marketable securities, and
purchase of land, property and equipment.
Cash used in financing activities increased in fiscal year 2025 compared to fiscal year 2024, mainly due to higher share repurchases and higher tax payments
related to RSUs.
Liquidity
Our primary sources of liquidity include cash, cash equivalents, marketable securities, and cash generated by our operations. As of January 26, 2025, we had
$43.2 billion in cash, cash equivalents, and marketable securities. We believe that we have sufficient liquidity to meet our operating requirements for at least the
next twelve months and thereafter for the foreseeable future, including our future supply obligations and share purchases. We continuously evaluate our liquidity
and capital resources, including our access to external capital, to ensure we can finance future capital requirements.
Our marketable securities consist of publicly-held equity securities, debt securities issued by the U.S. government and its agencies, highly rated corporations
and financial institutions, and foreign government entities, as well as certificates of deposit issued by highly rated financial institutions. These marketable
securities are primarily denominated in U.S. dollars. Refer to Note 7 of the Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements in Part IV, Item 15 of this Annual
Report on Form 10-K for additional information.
Except for approximately $1.7 billion of cash, cash equivalents, and marketable securities held outside the U.S. for which we have not accrued any related
foreign or state taxes if we repatriate these amounts to the U.S., substantially all of our cash, cash equivalents and marketable securities held outside the U.S. at
the end of fiscal year 2025 are available for use in the U.S. without incurring additional U.S. federal income taxes.
Capital Return to Shareholders
On August 26, 2024, our Board of Directors approved an additional $50 billion to our share repurchase authorization, without expiration. In fiscal year 2025, we
repurchased 310 million shares of our common stock for $34.0 billion. As of January  26, 2025, we were authorized, subject to certain specifications, to
repurchase up to $38.7 billion of our common stock.
From January 27, 2025 through February 21, 2025, we repurchased 29 million shares for $3.7 billion pursuant to a pre-established trading plan. Our share
repurchase program aims to offset dilution from shares issued to employees while maintaining adequate liquidity to meet our operating requirements. We may
pursue additional share repurchases as we weigh market factors and other investment opportunities.
In fiscal year 2025, we paid cash dividends to our shareholders of $834 million. The payment of future cash dividends is subject to our Board of Directors'
continuing determination that the declaration of dividends is in the best interests of our shareholders.
The U.S. Inflation Reduction Act of 2022 requires a 1% excise tax on certain share repurchases in excess of shares issued for employee compensation made
after December 31, 2022. The excise tax is included in our share repurchase cost and was not material for fiscal years 2025 and 2024.
Outstanding Indebtedness and Commercial Paper Program
Our aggregate debt maturities as of January 26, 2025, by year payable, are as follows:
 
Jan 26, 2025
 
(In millions)
Due in one year
$
— 
Due in one to five years
2,250 
Due in five to ten years
2,750 
Due in greater than ten years
3,500 
Unamortized debt discount and issuance costs
(37)
Net long-term carrying amount
$
8,463 
We have a $575 million commercial paper program to support general corporate purposes. As of January 26, 2025, we had no commercial paper outstanding.
44

Table of Contents
Refer to Note 11 of the Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements in Part IV, Item 15 of this Annual Report on Form 10-K for further discussion.
Material Cash Requirements and Other Obligations
For a description of our long-term debt, purchase obligations, and operating lease obligations, refer to Note 11, Note 12, and Note 17 of the Notes to the
Consolidated Financial Statements in Part IV, Item 15 of this Annual Report on Form 10-K, respectively.
During fiscal year 2025 and fiscal year 2024, we spent $3.4 billion and $1.1  billion on capital expenditures, respectively. We expect to increase capital
expenditures in fiscal year 2026 relative to fiscal year 2025 to support the future growth of our business.
Unrecognized tax benefits of $2.2 billion, which includes related interest and penalties of $251 million, were recorded in non-current income tax payable at the
end of fiscal year 2025. We are unable to estimate the timing of any potential tax liability, interest payments, or penalties in individual years due to uncertainties
in the underlying income tax positions and the timing of the effective settlement of such tax positions. Refer to Note 13 of the Notes to the Consolidated Financial
Statements in Part IV, Item 15 of this Annual Report on Form 10-K for further information.
Climate Change
To date, there has been no material impact to our results of operations associated with global sustainability regulations, compliance, costs from sourcing
renewable energy or climate-related business trends.
Adoption of New and Recently Issued Accounting Pronouncements
Refer to Note 1 of the Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements in Part IV, Item 15 of this Annual Report on Form 10-K for a discussion of adoption of new
and recently issued accounting pronouncements.
Item 7A. Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosures about Market Risk
Investment and Interest Rate Risk
We are exposed to interest rate risk related to our fixed-rate investment portfolio and outstanding debt. The investment portfolio is managed consistent with our
overall liquidity strategy in support of both working capital needs and growth of our businesses.
As of the end of fiscal year 2025, we performed a sensitivity analysis on our investment portfolio. According to our analysis, parallel shifts in the yield curve of
plus or minus 0.5% would result in a change in fair value for these investments of $238 million.
As of the end of fiscal year 2025, we had $8.5 billion of senior Notes outstanding. We carry the Notes at face value less unamortized discount on our
Consolidated Balance Sheets. As the Notes bear interest at a fixed rate, we have no financial statement risk associated with changes in interest rates. Refer to
Note 11 of the Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements in Part IV, Item 15 of this Annual Report on Form 10-K for additional information.
Foreign Exchange Rate Risk
We consider our direct exposure to foreign exchange rate fluctuations to be minimal as substantially all of our sales are in United States dollars and foreign
currency forward contracts are used to offset movements of foreign currency exchange rates. Gains or losses from foreign currency remeasurement are included
in other income or expenses. The impact of foreign currency transaction gain or loss included in determining net income was not significant for fiscal years 2025
and 2024.
Sales and arrangements with third-party manufacturers provide for pricing and payment in United States dollars, and, therefore, are not subject to exchange rate
fluctuations. Increases in the value of the United States’ dollar relative to other currencies would make our products more expensive, which could negatively
impact our ability to compete. Conversely, decreases in the value of the United States’ dollar relative to other currencies could result in our suppliers raising their
manufacturing costs.
If the U.S. dollar strengthened by 10% as of January 26, 2025 and January 28, 2024, the amount recorded in accumulated other comprehensive income (loss)
related to our foreign exchange contracts before tax effect would have been $136 million and $116 million lower, respectively. Change in value recorded in
accumulated other comprehensive income (loss) would be expected to offset a corresponding change in hedged forecasted foreign currency expenses when
recognized.
If an adverse 10% foreign exchange rate change was applied to our balance sheet hedging contracts, it would have resulted in an adverse impact on income
before taxes of $129 million and $60 million as of January 26, 2025 and January 28, 2024, respectively. These changes in fair values would be offset in other
income (expense), net by
45

Table of Contents
corresponding change in fair values of the foreign currency denominated monetary assets and liabilities, assuming the hedge contracts fully cover the foreign
currency denominated monetary assets and liabilities balances.
Refer to Note 10 of the Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements in Part IV, Item 15 of this Annual Report on Form 10-K for additional information.
Item 8. Financial Statements and Supplementary Data
The information required by this Item is set forth in our Consolidated Financial Statements and Notes thereto included in this Annual Report on Form 10-K. 
Item 9. Changes in and Disagreements with Accountants on Accounting and Financial Disclosure
None. 
Item 9A. Controls and Procedures
Controls and Procedures
Disclosure Controls and Procedures
Based on their evaluation as of January 26, 2025, our management, including our Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer, has concluded that our
disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Rule 13a-15(e) under the Exchange Act) were effective to provide reasonable assurance that the information
we are required to disclose in reports that we file or submit under the Exchange Act is recorded, processed, summarized and reported within the time periods
specified in the SEC rules and forms, and that such information is accumulated and communicated to our management, including our Chief Executive Officer
and our Chief Financial Officer, as appropriate, to allow timely decisions regarding required disclosures.
Management’s Annual Report on Internal Control Over Financial Reporting
Our management is responsible for establishing and maintaining adequate internal control over financial reporting, as such term is defined in Exchange Act
Rule  13a-15(f). Under the supervision and with the participation of our management, including our Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer, we
conducted an evaluation of the effectiveness of our internal control over financial reporting as of January 26, 2025 based on the criteria set forth in Internal
Control - Integrated Framework (2013) issued by the Committee of Sponsoring Organizations of the Treadway Commission. Based on our evaluation under the
criteria set forth in Internal Control — Integrated Framework, our management concluded that our internal control over financial reporting was effective as of
January 26, 2025.
The effectiveness of our internal control over financial reporting as of January 26, 2025 has been audited by PricewaterhouseCoopers LLP, an independent
registered public accounting firm, as stated in its report which is included herein.
Changes in Internal Control Over Financial Reporting
There have been no changes in our internal control over financial reporting during the quarter ended January 26, 2025 that have materially affected, or are
reasonably likely to materially affect, our internal control over financial reporting. In fiscal year 2022, we began an upgrade of our ERP system, which will update
much of our existing core financial systems. The ERP system is designed to accurately maintain our financial records used to report operating results. The
upgrade will occur in phases. We will continue to evaluate each quarter whether there are changes that materially affect our internal control over financial
reporting.
Inherent Limitations on Effectiveness of Controls
Our management, including our Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer, does not expect that our disclosure controls and procedures or our internal
controls, will prevent all error and all fraud. A control system, no matter how well conceived and operated, can provide only reasonable, not absolute, assurance
that the objectives of the control system are met. Further, the design of a control system must reflect the fact that there are resource constraints, and the benefits
of controls must be considered relative to their costs. Because of the inherent limitations in all control systems, no evaluation of controls can provide absolute
assurance that all control issues and instances of fraud, if any, within NVIDIA have been detected.
46

Table of Contents
Item 9B. Other Information
The following members of our Board of Directors and/or officers adopted, modified or terminated a trading arrangement that is intended to satisfy the affirmative
defense conditions of Rule 10b5-1(c), or a Rule 10b5-1 Trading Arrangement:
Name
Title of Director or
Officer
Action
Date
Total Shares of Common
Stock to be Sold
Expiration Date
Aarti Shah
Director
Termination
November 25, 2024
29,000*
N/A
Aarti Shah
Director
Adoption
November 25, 2024
39,000
March 31, 2026
John O. Dabiri
Director
Adoption
December 9, 2024
3,396**
December 2, 2025
*The Rule 10b5-1 Trading Arrangement was adopted on September 27, 2024 for sales through March 31, 2026. No shares were sold under the plan prior to
termination.
**Estimated assuming our closing stock price as of January 24, 2025. The number of shares is based on an estimate because the plan specifies a formulaic
dollar amount of shares to be sold.
Item 9C. Disclosure Regarding Foreign Jurisdictions that Prevent Inspections
Not Applicable.
Part III 
Certain information required by Part III is omitted from this report because we will file with the SEC a definitive proxy statement pursuant to Regulation 14A, or
the 2025 Proxy Statement, no later than 120 days after the end of fiscal year 2025, and certain information included therein is incorporated herein by reference.
Item 10. Directors, Executive Officers and Corporate Governance
Identification of Directors
Information regarding directors required by this item will be contained in our 2025 Proxy Statement under the caption “Proposal 1 — Election of Directors,” and is
hereby incorporated by reference.
Identification of Executive Officers
Reference is made to the information regarding executive officers appearing under the heading “Information About Our Executive Officers” in Part I of this Annual
Report on Form 10-K, which information is hereby incorporated by reference.
Identification of Audit Committee and Financial Experts
Information regarding our Audit Committee required by this item will be contained in our 2025 Proxy Statement under the captions “Report of the Audit
Committee of the Board of Directors” and “Information About the Board of Directors and Corporate Governance,” and is hereby incorporated by reference.
Material Changes to Procedures for Recommending Directors
Information regarding procedures for recommending directors required by this item will be contained in our 2025 Proxy Statement under the caption “Information
About the Board of Directors and Corporate Governance,” and is hereby incorporated by reference.
Code of Conduct
Information regarding our Code of Conduct required by this item will be contained in our 2025 Proxy Statement under the caption “Information About the Board
of Directors and Corporate Governance — Code of Conduct,” and is hereby incorporated by reference. The full text of our Code of Conduct and Financial Team
Code of Conduct are published on the Investor Relations portion of our website, under Governance, at www.nvidia.com. If we make any amendments to either
code, or grant any waiver from a provision of either code to any executive officer or director, we will promptly disclose the nature of the amendment or waiver on
our website or in a report on Form 8-K. The contents of our website are not a part of this Annual Report on Form 10-K.
Insider Trading Policy
The information required by Item 408(b) of Regulation S-K is incorporated by reference from the information contained in our 2025 Proxy Statement under the
heading “Information About the Board of Directors and Corporate Governance.”
47

Table of Contents
Item 11. Executive Compensation
Information regarding our executive compensation required by this item will be contained in our 2025 Proxy Statement under the captions “Executive
Compensation,”  “Compensation Committee Interlocks and Insider Participation,” “Director Compensation,”  and “Compensation Committee Report,” and is
hereby incorporated by reference.
Item 12. Security Ownership of Certain Beneficial Owners and Management and Related Stockholder Matters
Ownership of NVIDIA Securities
Information regarding ownership of NVIDIA securities required by this item will be contained in our 2025 Proxy Statement under the caption “Security Ownership
of Certain Beneficial Owners and Management,” and is hereby incorporated by reference.
Equity Compensation Plan Information
Information regarding our equity compensation plans required by this item will be contained in our 2025 Proxy Statement under the caption "Equity
Compensation Plan Information," and is hereby incorporated by reference.
Item 13. Certain Relationships and Related Transactions, and Director Independence
Information regarding related transactions and director independence required by this item will be contained in our 2025 Proxy Statement under the captions
“Review of Transactions with Related Persons” and “Information About the Board of Directors and Corporate Governance — Independence of the Members of
the Board of Directors,” and is hereby incorporated by reference.
Item 14. Principal Accountant Fees and Services
Information regarding accounting fees and services required by this item will be contained in our 2025 Proxy Statement under the caption “Fees Billed by the
Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm,” and is hereby incorporated by reference. 
48

Table of Contents
Part IV
Item 15. Exhibits and Financial Statement Schedules
 
 
Page
(a)
1.
Financial Statements
 
 
Report of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm (PCAOB ID: 238)
50
 
Consolidated Statements of Income for the years ended January 26, 2025, January 28, 2024, and January 29, 2023
52
Consolidated Statements of Comprehensive Income for the years ended January 26, 2025, January 28, 2024, and January 29,
2023
53
 
Consolidated Balance Sheets as of January 26, 2025 and January 28, 2024
54
 
Consolidated Statements of Shareholders’ Equity for the years ended January 26, 2025, January 28, 2024, and January 29, 2023
55
 
Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows for the years ended January 26, 2025, January 28, 2024, and January 29, 2023
56
 
Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
57
2.
Financial Statement Schedule
 
 
Schedule II Valuation and Qualifying Accounts for the years ended January 26, 2025, January 28, 2024, and January 29, 2023
82
3.
Exhibits
 
 
The exhibits listed in the accompanying index to exhibits are filed or incorporated by reference as a part of this Annual Report on
Form 10-K.
83
49

Table of Contents
Report of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm
To the Board of Directors and Shareholders of NVIDIA Corporation
Opinions on the Financial Statements and Internal Control over Financial Reporting
We have audited the accompanying consolidated balance sheets of NVIDIA Corporation and its subsidiaries (the “Company”) as of January 26, 2025 and
January 28, 2024, and the related consolidated statements of income, comprehensive income, shareholders' equity and cash flows for each of the three years in
the period ended January 26, 2025, including the related notes and financial statement schedule listed in the index appearing under Item 15(a)(2) (collectively
referred to as the “consolidated financial statements”). We also have audited the Company's internal control over financial reporting as of January 26, 2025,
based on criteria established in Internal Control - Integrated Framework (2013) issued by the Committee of Sponsoring Organizations of the Treadway
Commission (COSO).
In our opinion, the consolidated financial statements referred to above present fairly, in all material respects, the financial position of the Company as of January
26, 2025 and January 28, 2024, and the results of its operations and its cash flows for each of the three years in the period ended January 26, 2025 in
conformity with accounting principles generally accepted in the United States of America. Also in our opinion, the Company maintained, in all material respects,
effective internal control over financial reporting as of January 26, 2025, based on criteria established in Internal Control - Integrated Framework (2013) issued
by the COSO.
Basis for Opinions
The Company's management is responsible for these consolidated financial statements, for maintaining effective internal control over financial reporting, and for
its assessment of the effectiveness of internal control over financial reporting, included in Management’s Annual Report on Internal Control over Financial
Reporting appearing under Item 9A. Our responsibility is to express opinions on the Company’s consolidated financial statements and on the Company's internal
control over financial reporting based on our audits. We are a public accounting firm registered with the Public Company Accounting Oversight Board (United
States) (PCAOB) and are required to be independent with respect to the Company in accordance with the U.S. federal securities laws and the applicable rules
and regulations of the Securities and Exchange Commission and the PCAOB.
We conducted our audits in accordance with the standards of the PCAOB. Those standards require that we plan and perform the audits to obtain reasonable
assurance about whether the consolidated financial statements are free of material misstatement, whether due to error or fraud, and whether effective internal
control over financial reporting was maintained in all material respects.
Our audits of the consolidated financial statements included performing procedures to assess the risks of material misstatement of the consolidated financial
statements, whether due to error or fraud, and performing procedures that respond to those risks. Such procedures included examining, on a test basis,
evidence regarding the amounts and disclosures in the consolidated financial statements. Our audits also included evaluating the accounting principles used and
significant estimates made by management, as well as evaluating the overall presentation of the consolidated financial statements. Our audit of internal control
over financial reporting included obtaining an understanding of internal control over financial reporting, assessing the risk that a material weakness exists, and
testing and evaluating the design and operating effectiveness of internal control based on the assessed risk. Our audits also included performing such other
procedures as we considered necessary in the circumstances. We believe that our audits provide a reasonable basis for our opinions.
Definition and Limitations of Internal Control over Financial Reporting
A company’s internal control over financial reporting is a process designed to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the
preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles. A company’s internal control over financial
reporting includes those policies and procedures that (i) pertain to the maintenance of records that, in reasonable detail, accurately and fairly reflect the
transactions and dispositions of the assets of the company; (ii) provide reasonable assurance that transactions are recorded as necessary to permit preparation
of financial statements in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles, and that receipts and expenditures of the company are being made only in
accordance with authorizations of management and directors of the company; and (iii) provide reasonable assurance regarding prevention or timely detection of
unauthorized acquisition, use, or disposition of the company’s assets that could have a material effect on the financial statements.
Because of its inherent limitations, internal control over financial reporting may not prevent or detect misstatements. Also, projections of any evaluation of
effectiveness to future periods are subject to the risk that controls may become inadequate because of changes in conditions, or that the degree of compliance
with the policies or procedures may deteriorate.
50

Table of Contents
Critical Audit Matters
The critical audit matter communicated below is a matter arising from the current period audit of the consolidated financial statements that was communicated or
required to be communicated to the audit committee and that (i) relates to accounts or disclosures that are material to the consolidated financial statements and
(ii) involved our especially challenging, subjective, or complex judgments. The communication of critical audit matters does not alter in any way our opinion on
the consolidated financial statements, taken as a whole, and we are not, by communicating the critical audit matter below, providing a separate opinion on the
critical audit matter or on the accounts or disclosures to which it relates.
Valuation of Inventories - Provisions for Excess or Obsolete Inventories and Excess Product Purchase Commitments
As described in Notes 1, 9 and 12 to the consolidated financial statements, the Company charges cost of sales for inventory provisions to write-down inventory
for excess or obsolete inventory and for excess product purchase commitments. Most of the Company’s inventory provisions relate to excess quantities of
products, based on the Company’s inventory levels and future product purchase commitments compared to assumptions about future demand and market
conditions. As of January 26, 2025, the Company’s consolidated inventories balance was $10.1 billion and the Company’s consolidated outstanding inventory
purchase and long-term supply and capacity obligations balance was $30.8 billion, of which a significant portion relates to inventory purchase obligations.
The principal considerations for our determination that performing procedures relating to the valuation of inventories, specifically the provisions for excess or
obsolete inventories and excess product purchase commitments, is a critical audit matter are the significant judgment by management when developing
provisions for excess or obsolete inventories and excess product purchase commitments, including developing assumptions related to future demand and
market conditions. This in turn led to significant auditor judgment, subjectivity, and effort in performing procedures and evaluating management’s assumptions
related to future demand and market conditions.
Addressing the matter involved performing procedures and evaluating audit evidence in connection with forming our overall opinion on the consolidated financial
statements. These procedures included testing the effectiveness of controls relating to management’s provisions for excess or obsolete inventories and excess
product purchase commitments, including controls over management’s assumptions related to future demand and market conditions. These procedures also
included, among others, testing management’s process for developing the provisions for excess or obsolete inventories and excess product purchase
commitments; evaluating the appropriateness of management’s approach; testing the completeness and accuracy of underlying data used in the approach; and
evaluating the reasonableness of management’s assumptions related to future demand and market conditions. Evaluating management’s assumptions related to
future demand and market conditions involved evaluating whether the assumptions used by management were reasonable considering (i) current and past
results, including historical product life cycle, (ii) the consistency with external market and industry data, and (iii) changes in technology.
/s/ PricewaterhouseCoopers LLP
San Jose, California
February 26, 2025
We have served as the Company’s auditor since 2004.
51

Table of Contents
NVIDIA Corporation and Subsidiaries
Consolidated Statements of Income
(In millions, except per share data)
Year Ended
Jan 26, 2025
Jan 28, 2024
Jan 29, 2023
Revenue
$
130,497 
$
60,922 
$
26,974 
Cost of revenue
32,639 
16,621 
11,618 
Gross profit
97,858 
44,301 
15,356 
Operating expenses
Research and development
12,914 
8,675 
7,339 
Sales, general and administrative
3,491 
2,654 
2,440 
Acquisition termination cost
— 
— 
1,353 
Total operating expenses
16,405 
11,329 
11,132 
Operating income
81,453 
32,972 
4,224 
Interest income
1,786 
866 
267 
Interest expense
(247)
(257)
(262)
Other, net
1,034 
237 
(48)
Other income (expense), net
2,573 
846 
(43)
Income before income tax
84,026 
33,818 
4,181 
Income tax expense (benefit)
11,146 
4,058 
(187)
Net income
$
72,880 
$
29,760 
$
4,368 
Net income per share:
Basic
$
2.97 
$
1.21 
$
0.18 
Diluted
$
2.94 
$
1.19 
$
0.17 
Weighted average shares used in per share computation:
Basic
24,555 
24,690 
24,870 
Diluted
24,804 
24,940 
25,070 
See accompanying Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements.
52

Table of Contents
NVIDIA Corporation and Subsidiaries
Consolidated Statements of Comprehensive Income
(In millions)
Year Ended
Jan 26, 2025
Jan 28, 2024
Jan 29, 2023
Net income
$
72,880 
$
29,760 
$
4,368 
Other comprehensive income (loss), net of tax
Available-for-sale securities:
Net change in unrealized gain (loss)
1 
80 
(31)
Reclassification adjustments for net realized gain included in net income
— 
— 
1 
Net change in unrealized gain (loss)
1 
80 
(30)
Cash flow hedges:
Net change in unrealized gain
21 
38 
47 
Reclassification adjustments for net realized loss included in net income
(21)
(48)
(49)
Net change in unrealized loss
— 
(10)
(2)
Other comprehensive income (loss), net of tax
1 
70 
(32)
Total comprehensive income
$
72,881 
$
29,830 
$
4,336 
See accompanying Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements.
53

Table of Contents
NVIDIA Corporation and Subsidiaries
Consolidated Balance Sheets
(In millions, except par value)
 
Jan 26, 2025
Jan 28, 2024
Assets
 
 
Current assets:
 
 
Cash and cash equivalents
$
8,589 
$
7,280 
Marketable securities
34,621 
18,704 
Accounts receivable, net
23,065 
9,999 
Inventories
10,080 
5,282 
Prepaid expenses and other current assets
3,771 
3,080 
Total current assets
80,126 
44,345 
Property and equipment, net
6,283 
3,914 
Operating lease assets
1,793 
1,346 
Goodwill
5,188 
4,430 
Intangible assets, net
807 
1,112 
Deferred income tax assets
10,979 
6,081 
Other assets
6,425 
4,500 
Total assets
$
111,601 
$
65,728 
Liabilities and Shareholders' Equity
Current liabilities:
Accounts payable
$
6,310 
$
2,699 
Accrued and other current liabilities
11,737 
6,682 
Short-term debt
— 
1,250 
Total current liabilities
18,047 
10,631 
Long-term debt
8,463 
8,459 
Long-term operating lease liabilities
1,519 
1,119 
Other long-term liabilities
4,245 
2,541 
Total liabilities
32,274 
22,750 
Commitments and contingencies - see Note 12
— 
— 
Shareholders’ equity:
Preferred stock, $0.001 par value; 20 shares authorized; none issued
— 
— 
Common stock, $0.001 par value; 80,000 shares authorized; 24,477 shares issued and outstanding as of
January 26, 2025; 24,643 shares issued and outstanding as of January 28, 2024
24 
25 
Additional paid-in capital
11,237 
13,109 
 Accumulated other comprehensive income
28 
27 
Retained earnings
68,038 
29,817 
Total shareholders' equity
79,327 
42,978 
Total liabilities and shareholders' equity
$
111,601 
$
65,728 
See accompanying Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements.
54

Table of Contents
NVIDIA Corporation and Subsidiaries
Consolidated Statements of Shareholders' Equity
Common Stock
Outstanding
Additional
Paid-in
Accumulated
Other
Comprehensive
Retained
Total
Shareholders'
Shares
Amount
Capital
 Income (Loss)
 Earnings
 Equity
(In millions, except per share data)
Balances as of Jan 30, 2022
25,064 
$
26 
$
10,362 
$
(11)
$
16,235 
$
26,612 
Net income
— 
— 
— 
— 
4,368 
4,368 
Other comprehensive loss
— 
— 
— 
(32)
— 
(32)
Issuance of common stock from stock plans
312 
— 
355 
— 
— 
355 
Tax withholding related to vesting of restricted stock units
(82)
— 
(1,475)
— 
— 
(1,475)
Shares repurchased
(633)
(1)
(4)
— 
(10,034)
(10,039)
Cash dividends declared and paid ($0.016 per common share)
— 
— 
— 
— 
(398)
(398)
Stock-based compensation
— 
— 
2,710 
— 
— 
2,710 
Balances as of Jan 29, 2023
24,661 
25 
11,948 
(43)
10,171 
22,101 
Net income
— 
— 
— 
— 
29,760 
29,760 
Other comprehensive income
— 
— 
— 
70 
— 
70 
Issuance of common stock from stock plans
265 
— 
403 
— 
— 
403 
Tax withholding related to vesting of restricted stock units
(72)
— 
(2,783)
— 
— 
(2,783)
Shares repurchased
(211)
— 
(27)
— 
(9,719)
(9,746)
Cash dividends declared and paid ($0.016 per common share)
— 
— 
— 
— 
(395)
(395)
Stock-based compensation
— 
— 
3,568 
— 
— 
3,568 
Balances as of Jan 28, 2024
24,643 
25 
13,109 
27 
29,817 
42,978 
Net income
— 
— 
— 
— 
72,880 
72,880 
Other comprehensive income
— 
— 
— 
1 
— 
1 
Issuance of common stock from stock plans
203 
— 
490 
— 
— 
490 
Tax withholding related to vesting of restricted stock units
(59)
— 
(6,930)
— 
— 
(6,930)
Shares repurchased
(310)
(1)
(189)
— 
(33,825)
(34,015)
Cash dividends declared and paid ($0.034 per common share)
— 
— 
— 
— 
(834)
(834)
Stock-based compensation
— 
— 
4,757 
— 
— 
4,757 
Balances as of Jan 26, 2025
24,477 
$
24 
$
11,237 
$
28 
$
68,038 
$
79,327 
See accompanying Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements.
55

Table of Contents
NVIDIA Corporation and Subsidiaries
Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows
(In millions)
Year Ended
 
Jan 26, 2025
Jan 28, 2024
Jan 29, 2023
Cash flows from operating activities:
 
 
Net income
$
72,880 
$
29,760 
$
4,368 
Adjustments to reconcile net income to net cash provided by operating activities:
Stock-based compensation expense
4,737 
3,549 
2,709 
Depreciation and amortization
1,864 
1,508 
1,544 
Deferred income taxes
(4,477)
(2,489)
(2,164)
(Gains) losses on non-marketable equity securities and publicly-held equity
securities, net
(1,030)
(238)
45 
Acquisition termination cost
— 
— 
1,353 
Other
(502)
(278)
(7)
Changes in operating assets and liabilities, net of acquisitions:
Accounts receivable
(13,063)
(6,172)
822 
Inventories
(4,781)
(98)
(2,554)
Prepaid expenses and other assets
(395)
(1,522)
(1,517)
Accounts payable
3,357 
1,531 
(551)
Accrued and other current liabilities
4,278 
2,025 
1,341 
Other long-term liabilities
1,221 
514 
252 
Net cash provided by operating activities
64,089 
28,090 
5,641 
Cash flows from investing activities:
Proceeds from maturities of marketable securities
11,195 
9,732 
19,425 
Proceeds from sales of marketable securities
495 
50 
1,806 
Proceeds from sales of non-marketable equity securities
171 
1 
8 
Purchases of marketable securities
(26,575)
(18,211)
(11,897)
Purchases related to property and equipment and intangible assets
(3,236)
(1,069)
(1,833)
Purchases of non-marketable equity securities
(1,486)
(862)
(85)
Acquisitions, net of cash acquired
(1,007)
(83)
(49)
Other
22 
(124)
— 
Net cash provided by (used in) investing activities
(20,421)
(10,566)
7,375 
Cash flows from financing activities:
Proceeds related to employee stock plans
490 
403 
355 
Payments related to repurchases of common stock
(33,706)
(9,533)
(10,039)
Payments related to tax on restricted stock units
(6,930)
(2,783)
(1,475)
Repayment of debt
(1,250)
(1,250)
— 
Dividends paid
(834)
(395)
(398)
Principal payments on property and equipment and intangible assets
(129)
(74)
(58)
Other
— 
(1)
(2)
Net cash used in financing activities
(42,359)
(13,633)
(11,617)
Change in cash and cash equivalents
1,309 
3,891 
1,399 
Cash and cash equivalents at beginning of period
7,280 
3,389 
1,990 
Cash and cash equivalents at end of period
$
8,589 
$
7,280 
$
3,389 
Supplemental disclosures of cash flow information:
Cash paid for income taxes, net
$
15,118 
$
6,549 
$
1,404 
Cash paid for interest
$
246 
$
252 
$
254 
See accompanying Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements.
56

Table of Contents
NVIDIA Corporation and Subsidiaries
Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
Note 1 - Organization and Summary of Significant Accounting Policies
Our Company
Headquartered in Santa Clara, California, NVIDIA was incorporated in California in April 1993 and reincorporated in Delaware in April 1998.
All references to “NVIDIA,” “we,” “us,” “our” or the “Company” mean NVIDIA Corporation and its subsidiaries.
Certain prior fiscal year balances have been reclassified to conform to the current fiscal year presentation.
In June 2024, we executed a ten-for-one stock split of our common stock. All share, equity award, and per share amounts and related shareholders' equity
balances presented herein have been retroactively adjusted to reflect the Stock Split.
Fiscal Year
We operate on a 52- or 53-week year, ending on the last Sunday in January. Fiscal years 2025, 2024 and 2023 were all 52-week years.
Principles of Consolidation
Our consolidated financial statements include the accounts of NVIDIA Corporation and our wholly-owned subsidiaries. All intercompany balances and
transactions have been eliminated in consolidation.
Use of Estimates
The preparation of financial statements in conformity with U.S. GAAP requires management to make estimates and assumptions that affect the reported
amounts of assets and liabilities and disclosures of contingent assets and liabilities at the date of the financial statements and the reported amounts of revenue
and expenses during the reporting period. Actual results could differ materially from our estimates. On an on-going basis, we evaluate our estimates, including
those related to accounts receivable, cash equivalents and marketable securities, goodwill, income taxes, inventories and product purchase commitments,
investigation and settlement costs, litigation, non-marketable equity securities, other contingencies, property, plant, and equipment, restructuring and other
charges, revenue recognition, and stock-based compensation. These estimates are based on historical facts and various other assumptions that we believe are
reasonable.
Revenue Recognition
We derive our revenue from product sales, including hardware and systems, license and development arrangements, software licensing, and cloud services. We
determine revenue recognition through the following steps: (1) identification of the contract with a customer; (2) identification of the performance obligations in
the contract; (3) determination of the transaction price; (4) allocation of the transaction price to the performance obligations in the contract (where revenue is
allocated on a relative standalone selling price basis by maximizing the use of observable inputs to determine the standalone selling price for each performance
obligation); and (5) recognition of revenue when, or as, we satisfy a performance obligation. Payment from customers, per our standard payment terms, is
generally due shortly after delivery of products, availability of software licenses or commencement of services.
Product Sales Revenue
Revenue from product sales is recognized upon transfer of control of products to customers in an amount that reflects the consideration we expect to receive in
exchange for those products. Certain products are sold with support or an extended warranty for the incorporated system, hardware, and/or software. Support
and extended warranty revenue are recognized ratably over the service period, or as services are performed. Revenue is recognized net of allowances for
returns, customer programs and any taxes collected from customers.
For products sold with a right of return, we record a reduction to revenue by establishing a sales return allowance for estimated product returns at the time
revenue is recognized, based primarily on historical return rates. However, if product returns for a fiscal period are anticipated to exceed historical return rates,
we may determine that additional sales return allowances are required to accurately reflect our estimated exposure for product returns.
Our customer programs involve rebates, which are designed to serve as sales incentives to resellers of our products in various target markets, and MDFs which
represent monies paid to our partners that are earmarked for market segment development and are designed to support our partners’ activities while also
promoting NVIDIA products. We account for customer programs as a reduction to revenue and accrue for such programs for potential rebates and MDFs based
on the amount we expect to be claimed by customers.
57

Table of Contents
NVIDIA Corporation and Subsidiaries
Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
(Continued)
License and Development Arrangements
Our license and development arrangements with customers typically require significant customization of our IP components. As a result, we recognize the
revenue from the license and the revenue from the development services as a single performance obligation over the period in which the development services
are performed. We measure progress to completion based on actual cost incurred to date as a percentage of the estimated total cost required to complete each
project. If a loss on an arrangement becomes probable during a period, we record a provision for such loss in that period.
Software Licensing
Our software licenses provide our customers with a right to use the software when it is made available to the customer. Customers may purchase either
perpetual licenses or subscriptions to licenses, which differ mainly in the duration over which the customer benefits from the software. Software licenses are
frequently sold along with support, which includes the right to receive, on a when-and-if available basis, future unspecified software updates and upgrades.
Revenue from software licenses is recognized up front when the software is made available to the customer. Software support revenue is recognized ratably
over the service period, or as services are performed.
Cloud Services
Cloud services, which allow customers to use hosted software and hardware infrastructure without taking possession of the software or hardware, are provided
on a subscription basis or a combination of subscription plus usage. Revenue related to subscription-based cloud services is recognized ratably over the
contract period. Revenue related to cloud services based on usage is recognized as usage occurs. Cloud services are typically sold on a standalone basis, but
certain offerings may be sold with hardware and/or software and related support.
Contracts with Multiple Performance Obligations
Our contracts may contain more than one of the products and services listed above, each of which is separately accounted for as a distinct performance
obligation. We account for multiple agreements with a single customer as a single contract if the contractual terms and/or substance of those agreements
indicate that they may be so closely related that they are, in effect, parts of a single contract.
We allocate the total transaction price to each distinct performance obligation in an arrangement with multiple performance obligations on a relative standalone
selling price basis. The standalone selling price reflects the price we would charge for a specific product or service if it were sold separately in similar
circumstances and to similar customers. When determining standalone selling price, we maximize the use of observable inputs.
Product Warranties
We offer a limited warranty to end-users ranging from one to three years for products to repair or replace products for manufacturing defects or hardware
component failures. Cost of revenue includes the estimated cost of product warranties that are calculated at the point of revenue recognition. Under limited
circumstances, we may offer an extended limited warranty to customers for certain products. We also accrue for known warranty and indemnification issues if a
loss is probable and can be reasonably estimated.
Stock-based Compensation
We use the closing trading price of our common stock on the date of grant, minus a dividend yield discount, as the fair value of awards of restricted stock units,
or RSUs, and performance stock units, or PSUs, that are based on our corporate financial performance targets. We use a Monte Carlo simulation on the date of
grant to estimate the fair value of PSUs that are based on our stock performance compared to market performance, or market-based PSUs. The compensation
expense for RSUs and market-based PSUs is recognized using a straight-line attribution method over the requisite employee service period while compensation
expense for PSUs is recognized using an accelerated amortization model based on performance targets probable of achievement. We estimate the fair value of
shares to be issued under our employee stock purchase plan, or ESPP, using the Black-Scholes model at the commencement of an offering period in March and
September of each year. Stock-based compensation for our ESPP is expensed using an accelerated amortization model. Additionally, for RSUs, PSUs, and
market-based PSUs, we estimate expected forfeitures based on our historical forfeitures.
Litigation, Investigation and Settlement Costs
We currently, are, and will likely continue to be subject to claims, litigation, and other actions, including potential regulatory proceedings, involving patent and
other intellectual property matters, taxes, labor and employment, competition and antitrust, commercial disputes, goods and services offered by us and by third
parties, and other matters. There are many uncertainties associated with any litigation or investigation, and we cannot be certain that these actions or other third-
party claims against us will be resolved without litigation, fines and/or substantial settlement payments or judgments. If information becomes available that
causes us to determine that a loss in any of our pending litigation,
58

Table of Contents
NVIDIA Corporation and Subsidiaries
Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
(Continued)
investigations or settlements is probable, and we can reasonably estimate the loss associated with such events, we will record the loss. However, the actual
liability in any such litigation or investigation may be materially different from our estimates, which could require us to record additional costs. If we determine that
a loss is reasonably possible and the loss or range of loss can be estimated, we disclose the reasonably possible loss.
Foreign Currency Remeasurement
We use the U.S. dollar as our functional currency for our subsidiaries. Foreign currency monetary assets and liabilities are remeasured into United States dollars
at end-of-period exchange rates. Non-monetary assets and liabilities such as property and equipment and equity are remeasured at historical exchange rates.
Revenue and expenses are remeasured at exchange rates in effect during each period, except for those expenses related to non-monetary balance sheet
amounts, which are remeasured at historical exchange rates. Gains or losses from foreign currency remeasurement are included in earnings in our Consolidated
Statements of Income and to date have not been significant.
Income Taxes
We recognize federal, state and foreign current tax liabilities or assets based on our estimate of taxes payable or refundable in the current fiscal year by tax
jurisdiction. We recognize federal, state and foreign deferred tax assets or liabilities, as appropriate, for our estimate of future tax effects attributable to temporary
differences and carryforwards; and we record a valuation allowance to reduce any deferred tax assets by the amount of any tax benefits that, based on available
evidence and judgment, are not expected to be realized.
Our calculation of deferred tax assets and liabilities is based on certain estimates and judgments and involves dealing with uncertainties in the application of
complex tax laws. Our estimates of deferred tax assets and liabilities may change based, in part, on added certainty or finality to an anticipated outcome,
changes in accounting standards or tax laws in the U.S., or foreign jurisdictions where we operate, or changes in other facts or circumstances. In addition, we
recognize liabilities for potential U.S. and foreign income tax contingencies based on our estimate of whether, and the extent to which, additional taxes may be
due. If we determine that payment of these amounts is unnecessary or if the recorded tax liability is less than our current assessment, we may be required to
recognize an income tax benefit or additional income tax expense in our financial statements accordingly.
As of January 26, 2025, we had a valuation allowance of $1.6 billion related to capital loss carryforwards, and certain state and other deferred tax assets that
management determined are not likely to be realized due, in part, to jurisdictional projections of future taxable income, including capital gains. To the extent
realization of the deferred tax assets becomes more-likely-than-not, we would recognize such deferred tax assets as income tax benefits during the period.
We recognize the benefit from a tax position only if it is more-likely-than-not that the position would be sustained upon audit based solely on the technical merits
of the tax position. Our policy is to include interest and penalties related to unrecognized tax benefits as a component of income tax expense.
Net Income Per Share
Basic net income per share is computed using the weighted average number of common shares outstanding during the period. Diluted net income per share is
computed using the weighted average number of common and potentially dilutive shares outstanding during the period, using the treasury stock method. Any
anti-dilutive effect of equity awards outstanding is not included in the computation of diluted net income per share.
Cash and Cash Equivalents and Marketable Securities
We consider all highly liquid investments that are readily convertible into cash and have an original maturity of three months or less at the time of purchase to be
cash equivalents. Marketable securities consist of highly liquid debt investments with maturities of greater than three months when purchased and publicly-held
equity securities. We classify these investments as current based on the nature of the investments and their availability for use in current operations.
We classify our cash equivalents and marketable debt securities at the date of acquisition as available-for-sale. These available-for-sale debt securities are
reported at fair value with the related unrealized gains and losses included in accumulated other comprehensive income or loss, a component of shareholders’
equity, net of tax. The fair value of interest-bearing debt securities includes accrued interest. Realized gains and losses on the sale of marketable securities are
determined using the specific-identification method and recorded in the Other income (expense), net, section of our Consolidated Statements of Income.
Available-for-sale debt securities are subject to impairment review. If the estimated fair value of available-for-sale debt securities is less than its amortized cost
basis, we determine if the difference, if any, is caused by expected credit losses and write-down the amortized cost basis of the securities if it is more likely than
not we will be required or we intend to
59

Table of Contents
NVIDIA Corporation and Subsidiaries
Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
(Continued)
sell the securities before recovery of its amortized cost basis. Allowances for credit losses and write-downs are recognized in the Other income (expense), net
section of our Consolidated Statements of Income.
Publicly-held equity securities have readily determinable fair values with changes in fair value recorded in Other income (expense), net.
Fair Value of Financial Instruments
The carrying value of cash equivalents, accounts receivable, accounts payable and accrued liabilities approximate their fair values due to their relatively short
maturities as of January  26, 2025 and January  28, 2024. Marketable debt and equity securities are reported at fair value based on quoted market prices.
Derivative instruments are recognized as either assets or liabilities and are measured at fair value. The accounting for changes in the fair value of a derivative
depends on the intended use of the derivative and the resulting designation. For fair value hedges, the gains or losses are recognized in earnings in the periods
of change together with the offsetting losses or gains on the hedged items attributed to the risk being hedged. For derivative instruments designated as
accounting hedges, the effective portion of the gains or losses on the derivatives is initially reported as a component of other comprehensive income or loss and
is subsequently recognized in earnings when the hedged exposure is recognized in earnings. For derivative instruments not designated as accounting hedges,
changes in fair value are recognized in earnings.
Concentration of Credit Risk
Financial instruments that potentially subject us to concentrations of credit risk consist primarily of cash equivalents, marketable securities, and accounts
receivable. Our investment policy requires the purchase of highly-rated fixed income securities, the diversification of investment type and credit exposures, and
includes certain limits on our portfolio maturities. We perform ongoing credit evaluations of our customers’ financial condition and maintain an allowance for
potential credit losses. This allowance consists of an amount identified for specific customers and an amount based on overall estimated exposure. Our overall
estimated exposure excludes amounts covered by credit insurance and letters of credit.
Inventories
Inventory cost is computed on an adjusted standard basis, which approximates actual cost on an average or first-in, first-out basis. Inventory costs consist
primarily of the cost of semiconductors, including wafer fabrication, assembly, testing and packaging, manufacturing support costs, including labor and overhead
associated with such purchases, final test yield fallout, and shipping costs, as well as the cost of purchased memory products and other component parts. We
charge cost of sales for inventory provisions to write-down our inventory to the lower of cost or net realizable value or for obsolete or excess inventory, and for
excess product purchase commitments. Most of our inventory provisions relate to excess quantities of products, based on our inventory levels and future product
purchase commitments compared to assumptions about future demand and market conditions. Once inventory has been written-off or written-down, it creates a
new cost basis for the inventory that is not subsequently written-up. We record a liability for noncancelable purchase commitments with suppliers for quantities in
excess of our future demand forecasts consistent with our valuation of obsolete or excess inventory.
Property and Equipment
Property and equipment are stated at cost less accumulated depreciation. Depreciation of property and equipment is computed using the straight-line method
based on the estimated useful lives of the assets of two to seven years. Once an asset is identified for retirement or disposition, the related cost and
accumulated depreciation or amortization are removed, and a gain or loss is recorded. The estimated useful lives of our buildings are up to thirty years.
Depreciation expense includes the amortization of assets recorded under finance leases. Leasehold improvements and assets recorded under finance leases
are amortized over the shorter of the expected lease term or the estimated useful life of the asset.
Leases
We determine if an arrangement is or contains a lease at inception. Operating leases with lease terms of more than 12 months are included in operating lease
assets, accrued and other current liabilities, and long-term operating lease liabilities on our consolidated balance sheet. Operating lease assets represent our
right to use an underlying asset for the lease term and lease liabilities represent our obligation to make lease payments over the lease term.
Operating lease assets and liabilities are recognized based on the present value of the remaining lease payments discounted using our incremental borrowing
rate. Operating lease assets also include initial direct costs incurred and prepaid lease payments, minus any lease incentives. Our lease terms include options to
extend or terminate the lease when it is reasonably certain that we will exercise that option. Lease expense is recognized on a straight-line basis over the lease
term.
60

Table of Contents
NVIDIA Corporation and Subsidiaries
Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
(Continued)
Goodwill
Goodwill is subject to our annual impairment test during the fourth quarter of our fiscal year, or earlier if indicators of potential impairment exist. In completing
our impairment test, we perform either a qualitative or a quantitative analysis on a reporting unit basis.
Qualitative factors include industry and market considerations, overall financial performance, and other relevant events and factors affecting the reporting units.
The quantitative impairment test considers both the income approach and the market approach to estimate a reporting unit’s fair value. The income and market
valuation approaches consider factors that include, but are not limited to, prospective financial information, growth rates, residual values, discount rates and
comparable multiples from publicly traded companies in our industry and require us to make certain assumptions and estimates regarding industry economic
factors and the future profitability of our business.
Intangible Assets and Other Long-Lived Assets
Intangible assets primarily represent acquired intangible assets including developed technology and customer relationships, as well as rights acquired under
technology licenses, patents, and acquired IP. We currently amortize our intangible assets with finite lives over periods ranging from one to twenty years using a
method that reflects the pattern in which the economic benefits of the intangible asset are consumed or otherwise used up or, if that pattern cannot be reliably
determined, using a straight-line amortization method.
Long-lived assets, such as property and equipment and intangible assets subject to amortization, are reviewed for impairment whenever events or changes in
circumstances indicate that the carrying amount of an asset or asset group may not be recoverable. The recoverability of assets or asset groups to be held and
used is measured by a comparison of the carrying amount of an asset or asset group to estimated undiscounted future cash flows expected to be generated by
the asset or asset group. If the carrying amount of an asset or asset group exceeds its estimated future cash flows, an impairment charge is recognized for the
amount by which the carrying amount of the asset or asset group exceeds the estimated fair value of the asset or asset group. Fair value is determined based
on the estimated discounted future cash flows expected to be generated by the asset or asset group. Assets and liabilities to be disposed of would be separately
presented in the Consolidated Balance Sheet and the assets would be reported at the lower of the carrying amount or fair value less costs to sell, and would no
longer be depreciated.
Business Combination
We allocate the fair value of the purchase price of an acquisition to the tangible assets acquired, liabilities assumed, and intangible assets acquired, based on
their estimated fair values. The excess of the fair value of the purchase price over the fair values of these net tangible and intangible assets acquired is recorded
as goodwill. Management’s estimates of fair value are based upon assumptions believed to be reasonable, but our estimates and assumptions are inherently
uncertain and subject to refinement. The estimates and assumptions used in valuing intangible assets include, but are not limited to, the amount and timing of
projected future cash flows, discount rate used to determine the present value of these cash flows and asset lives. These estimates are inherently uncertain and,
therefore, actual results may differ from the estimates made. As a result, during the measurement period of up to one year from the acquisition date, we may
record adjustments to the assets acquired and liabilities assumed with the corresponding offset to goodwill. Upon the measurement period's conclusion or final
determination of the fair value of the purchase price of an acquisition, whichever comes first, any subsequent adjustments are recorded to our Consolidated
Statements of Income.
Acquisition-related expenses are recognized separately from the business combination and expensed as incurred.
Non-Marketable Equity Securities
Non-marketable equity securities consist of investments in privately-held companies that do not have a readily determinable fair value. These investments are
measured at cost minus impairment, if any, and are adjusted for changes resulting from observable price changes in orderly transactions for an identical or
similar investment in the same issuer, or the measurement alternative. Fair value is based upon observable inputs in an inactive market and the valuation
requires our judgment due to the absence of market prices and inherent lack of liquidity. All gains and losses on these investments, realized and unrealized, are
recognized in other income (expense), net on our Consolidated Statements of Income.
We assess whether an impairment loss has occurred on our investments in non-marketable equity securities, accounted for under the measurement alternative
based on quantitative and qualitative factors. If any impairment is identified for non-marketable equity securities, we write down the investment to its fair value
and record the corresponding charge through other income (expense), net on our Consolidated Statements of Income.
61

Table of Contents
NVIDIA Corporation and Subsidiaries
Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
(Continued)
Recently Issued Accounting Pronouncements
Recently Adopted Accounting Pronouncement
In November 2023, the Financial Accounting Standards Board, or FASB, issued a new accounting standard requiring disclosures of significant expenses in
operating segments. We adopted this standard in our fiscal year 2025 annual report. Refer to Note 16 of the Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements in
Part IV, Item 15 of this Annual Report on Form 10-K for further information.
Recent Accounting Pronouncements Not Yet Adopted
In December 2023, the FASB issued a new accounting standard which includes new and updated income tax disclosures, including disaggregation of
information in the rate reconciliation and income taxes paid. We expect to adopt this standard in our fiscal year 2026 annual report. We do not expect the
adoption of this standard to have a material impact on our Consolidated Financial Statements other than additional disclosures.
In November 2024, the FASB issued a new accounting standard requiring disclosures of certain additional expense information on an annual and interim basis,
including, among other items, the amounts of purchases of inventory, employee compensation, depreciation and intangible asset amortization included within
each income statement expense caption, as applicable. We expect to adopt this standard in our fiscal year 2028 annual report. We do not expect the adoption of
this standard to have a material impact on our Consolidated Financial Statements other than additional disclosures.
Note 2 - Business Combination
Termination of the Arm Share Purchase Agreement
In February 2022, NVIDIA and SoftBank Group Corp, or SoftBank, announced the termination of the Share Purchase Agreement whereby NVIDIA would have
acquired Arm from SoftBank. The parties agreed to terminate it due to significant regulatory challenges preventing the completion of the transaction. We
recorded an acquisition termination cost of $1.4 billion in fiscal year 2023 reflecting the write-off of the prepayment provided at signing.
Note 3 - Stock-Based Compensation
Stock-based compensation expense is associated with RSUs, PSUs, market-based PSUs, and our ESPP.
Consolidated Statements of Income include stock-based compensation expense, net of amounts capitalized into inventory and subsequently recognized to cost
of revenue, as follows:
 
Year Ended
Jan 26, 2025
Jan 28, 2024
Jan 29, 2023
 
(In millions)
Cost of revenue
$
178 
$
141 
$
138 
Research and development
3,423 
2,532 
1,892 
Sales, general and administrative
1,136 
876 
680 
Total
$
4,737 
$
3,549 
$
2,710 
Stock-based compensation capitalized in inventories was not significant during fiscal years 2025, 2024, and 2023.
62

Table of Contents
NVIDIA Corporation and Subsidiaries
Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
(Continued)
The following is a summary of equity awards granted under our equity incentive plans:
Year Ended
Jan 26, 2025
Jan 28, 2024
Jan 29, 2023
(In millions, except per share data)
RSUs, PSUs and Market-based PSUs
Awards granted
89 
140 
250 
Estimated total grant-date fair value
$
7,834 
$
5,316 
$
4,505 
Weighted average grant-date fair value per share
$
87.99 
$
37.41 
$
18.37 
ESPP
Shares purchased
30 
30 
30 
Weighted average price per share
$
17.74 
$
15.81 
$
12.25 
Weighted average grant-date fair value per share
$
8.61 
$
6.99 
$
5.19 
As of January 26, 2025, aggregate unearned stock-based compensation expense was $11.6 billion, which is expected to be recognized over a weighted average
period of 2.2 years for RSUs, PSUs, and market-based PSUs, and one year for ESPP.
The fair value of shares issued under our ESPP have been estimated with the following assumptions:
 
Year Ended
 
Jan 26, 2025
Jan 28, 2024
Jan 29, 2023
(Using the Black-Scholes model)
ESPP
Weighted average expected life (in years)
0.1-2.0
0.1-2.0
0.1-2.0
Risk-free interest rate
3.6%-5.4%
3.9%-5.5%
—%-4.6%
Volatility
31%-75%
31%-67%
43%-72%
Dividend yield
0.03%
0.06%
0.09%
For ESPP shares, the expected term represents the average term from the first day of the offering period to the purchase date. The risk-free interest rate
assumption used to value ESPP shares is based upon observed interest rates on Treasury bills appropriate for the expected term. Our expected stock price
volatility assumption for ESPP is estimated using historical volatility. For awards granted, we use the dividend yield at grant date. Our RSUs, PSUs, and market-
based PSUs are not eligible for cash dividends prior to vesting; therefore, the fair values of RSUs, PSUs, and market-based PSUs are discounted for the
dividend yield.
Additionally, for RSUs, PSUs, and market-based PSUs, we estimate expected forfeitures based on our historical forfeitures.
Equity Incentive Program
We grant RSUs, PSUs, market-based PSUs, and stock purchase rights under the following equity incentive plans. In addition, in connection with our acquisitions
of various companies, we have assumed certain stock-based awards granted under their stock incentive plans and converted them into our RSUs.
Amended and Restated 2007 Equity Incentive Plan
In 2007, our shareholders approved the NVIDIA Corporation 2007 Equity Incentive Plan, or as most recently amended and restated, the 2007 Plan.
The 2007 Plan authorizes the issuance of incentive stock options, non-statutory stock options, restricted stock, RSUs, stock appreciation rights, performance
stock awards, performance cash awards, and other stock-based awards to employees, directors and consultants. Only our employees may receive incentive
stock options. We grant RSUs, PSUs and market-based PSUs under the 2007 Plan. As of January 26, 2025, up to 274 million shares of our common stock could
be issued pursuant to stock awards granted under the 2007 Plan, and 1.4 billion shares were available for future grants.
63

Table of Contents
NVIDIA Corporation and Subsidiaries
Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
(Continued)
Subject to certain exceptions, RSUs vest generally over four years subject to continued service. PSUs vest over four years, subject to continued service and
performance conditions. Market-based PSUs vest on the third anniversary of the date of grant subject to market conditions. However, the number of shares
subject to both PSUs and market-based PSUs that are eligible to vest is determined by the Compensation Committee based on achievement of pre-determined
criteria.
Amended and Restated 2012 Employee Stock Purchase Plan
In 2012, our shareholders approved the NVIDIA Corporation 2012 Employee Stock Purchase Plan, or as most recently amended and restated, the 2012 Plan.
Employees who participate in the 2012 Plan may have up to 15% of their earnings withheld to purchase shares of common stock. Starting in March 2025,
employees may have up to 25% of their earnings withheld to purchase shares of common stock. The Board may decrease this percentage at its discretion. Each
offering period is about 24 months, divided into four purchase periods of six months. The price of common stock purchased under our 2012 Plan will be equal to
85% of the lower of the fair market value of the common stock on the commencement date of each offering period or the fair market value of the common stock
on each purchase date within the offering. As of January 26, 2025, we had 2.2 billion shares reserved for future issuance under the 2012 Plan.
Equity Award Activity
The following is a summary of our equity award transactions under our equity incentive plans: 
RSUs, PSUs and Market-based PSUs Outstanding
 
Number of Shares
Weighted Average Grant-Date
Fair Value Per Share
(In millions, except per share data)
Balance as of Jan 28, 2024
367 
$
24.59 
Granted
89 
$
87.99 
Vested
(173)
$
24.89 
Canceled and forfeited
(9)
$
32.10 
Balance as of Jan 26, 2025
274 
$
44.75 
Vested and expected to vest after Jan 26, 2025
272 
$
44.59 
As of January 26, 2025 and January 28, 2024, there were 1.4 billion and 1.5 billion shares, respectively, of common stock available for future grants under our
equity incentive plans.
The total fair value of RSUs and PSUs, as of their respective vesting dates, during the years ended January 26, 2025, January 28, 2024, and January 29, 2023,
was $15.1 billion, $8.2 billion, and $4.3 billion, respectively.
64

Table of Contents
NVIDIA Corporation and Subsidiaries
Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
(Continued)
Note 4 - Net Income Per Share
The following is a reconciliation of the denominator of the basic and diluted net income per share computations for the periods presented:
 
Year Ended
 
Jan 26, 2025
Jan 28, 2024
Jan 29, 2023
 
(In millions, except per share data)
Numerator:
 
 
 
Net income
$
72,880 
$
29,760 
$
4,368 
Denominator:
Basic weighted average shares
24,555 
24,690 
24,870 
Dilutive impact of outstanding equity awards
249 
250 
200 
Diluted weighted average shares
24,804 
24,940 
25,070 
Net income per share:
Basic (1)
$
2.97 
$
1.21 
$
0.18 
Diluted (2)
$
2.94 
$
1.19 
$
0.17 
Anti-dilutive equity awards excluded from diluted net income per share
51 
150 
400 
(1)    Net income divided by basic weighted average shares.
(2)    Net income divided by diluted weighted average shares.
Note 5 - Goodwill
As of January 26, 2025, the total carrying amount of goodwill was $5.2 billion, consisting of goodwill balances allocated to our Compute & Networking and
Graphics reporting units of $4.8 billion and $370 million, respectively. As of January 28, 2024, the total carrying amount of goodwill was $4.4 billion, consisting of
goodwill balances allocated to our Compute & Networking and Graphics reporting units of $4.1 billion and $370 million, respectively. Goodwill increased by
$758 million in fiscal year 2025 from acquisitions and was allocated to our Compute & Networking reporting unit. During the fourth quarters of fiscal years 2025,
2024, and 2023, we completed our annual qualitative impairment tests and concluded that goodwill was not impaired.
Note 6 - Amortizable Intangible Assets
The components of our amortizable intangible assets are as follows:
 
Jan 26, 2025
Jan 28, 2024
 
Gross
Carrying
Amount
Accumulated
Amortization
Net 
Carrying
Amount
Gross
Carrying
Amount
Accumulated
Amortization
Net 
Carrying
Amount
 
(In millions)
Acquisition-related intangible
assets
$
2,900 
$
(2,264)
$
636 
$
2,642 
$
(1,720)
$
922 
Patents and licensed technology
449 
(278)
171 
449 
(259)
190 
Total intangible assets
$
3,349 
$
(2,542)
$
807 
$
3,091 
$
(1,979)
$
1,112 
Amortization expense associated with intangible assets for fiscal years 2025, 2024, and 2023 was $593 million, $614 million, and $699 million, respectively.
65

Table of Contents
NVIDIA Corporation and Subsidiaries
Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
(Continued)
The following table outlines the estimated future amortization expense related to the net carrying amount of intangible assets as of January 26, 2025:
Future Amortization Expense
 
(In millions)
Fiscal Year:
 
2026
$
354 
2027
236 
2028
84 
2029
31 
2030
10 
2031 and thereafter
92 
Total
$
807 
Note 7 - Cash Equivalents and Marketable Securities
The following is a summary of cash equivalents and marketable securities:
 
Jan 26, 2025
Amortized
Cost
Unrealized
Gain
Unrealized
Loss
Estimated
Fair Value
Reported as
 
Cash
Equivalents
Marketable
Securities
 
(In millions)
Corporate debt securities
$
18,504 
$
51 
$
(29)
$
18,526 
$
2,071 
$
16,455 
Debt securities issued by the U.S.
Treasury
16,749 
42 
(22)
16,769 
1,801 
14,968 
Money market funds
3,760 
— 
— 
3,760 
3,760 
— 
Debt securities issued by U.S. government
agencies
2,775 
7 
(5)
2,777 
— 
2,777 
Foreign government bonds
177 
— 
— 
177 
137 
40 
Certificates of deposit
97 
— 
— 
97 
97 
— 
Total debt securities with fair value
adjustments recorded in other comprehensive
income
42,062 
100 
(56)
42,106 
7,866 
34,240 
Publicly-held equity securities (1)
381 
— 
381 
Total
$
42,062 
$
100 
$
(56)
$
42,487 
$
7,866 
$
34,621 
(1)    Fair value adjustments on publicly-held equity securities are recorded in net income. Beginning in the second quarter of fiscal year 2025, publicly-held equity securities from investments in non-affiliated
entities included in other assets (long term) were classified in marketable securities on our Consolidated Balance Sheets.
Net unrealized gains on investments in publicly-held equity securities held at period end were $163  million for fiscal year 2025. Net unrealized gains on
investments in publicly-held equity securities held at period end were not significant for fiscal years 2024 and 2023.
Net realized gains on investments in publicly-held equity securities sold were $88 million for fiscal year 2025, reflecting the difference between the sale proceeds
and the carrying value of the equity securities at the beginning of the period or the purchase date, if later. Realized gains and losses on investments in publicly-
held equity securities sold during fiscal years 2024 and 2023 were not significant.
66

Table of Contents
NVIDIA Corporation and Subsidiaries
Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
(Continued)
 
Jan 28, 2024
Amortized
Cost
Unrealized
Gain
Unrealized
Loss
Estimated
Fair Value
Reported as
 
Cash Equivalents
Marketable
Securities
 
(In millions)
Corporate debt securities
$
10,126 
$
31 
$
(5)
$
10,152 
$
2,231 
$
7,921 
Debt securities issued by the U.S.
Treasury
9,517 
17 
(10)
9,524 
1,315 
8,209 
Money market funds
3,031 
— 
— 
3,031 
3,031 
— 
Debt securities issued by U.S.
government agencies
2,326 
8 
(1)
2,333 
89 
2,244 
Certificates of deposit
510 
— 
— 
510 
294 
216 
Foreign government bonds
174 
— 
— 
174 
60 
114 
Total debt securities with fair value
changes recorded in other comprehensive
income
$
25,684 
$
56 
$
(16)
$
25,724 
$
7,020 
$
18,704 
The following tables provide the breakdown of unrealized losses, aggregated by investment category and length of time that individual debt securities have been
in a continuous loss position:
Jan 26, 2025
 
Less than 12 Months
12 Months or Greater
Total
 
Estimated Fair
Value
Gross
Unrealized Loss
Estimated Fair
Value
Gross
Unrealized Loss
Estimated Fair
Value
Gross
Unrealized Loss
 
(In millions)
Debt securities issued by the U.S.
Treasury
$
6,315 
$
(22)
$
177 
$
— 
$
6,492 
$
(22)
Corporate debt securities
5,291 
(29)
15 
— 
5,306 
(29)
Debt securities issued by U.S.
government agencies
816 
(5)
21 
— 
837 
(5)
Total
$
12,422 
$
(56)
$
213 
$
— 
$
12,635 
$
(56)
Jan 28, 2024
 
Less than 12 Months
12 Months or Greater
Total
 
Estimated Fair
Value
Gross
Unrealized Loss
Estimated Fair
Value
Gross
Unrealized Loss
Estimated Fair
Value
Gross
Unrealized Loss
 
(In millions)
Debt securities issued by the U.S.
Treasury
$
3,343 
$
(5)
$
1,078 
$
(5)
$
4,421 
$
(10)
Corporate debt securities
1,306 
(3)
618 
(2)
1,924 
(5)
Debt securities issued by U.S.
government agencies
670 
(1)
— 
— 
670 
(1)
Total
$
5,319 
$
(9)
$
1,696 
$
(7)
$
7,015 
$
(16)
Gross unrealized losses are related to fixed income securities, driven primarily by changes in interest rates.
The amortized cost and estimated fair value of debt securities included in cash equivalents and marketable securities are shown below by contractual maturity.
67

Table of Contents
NVIDIA Corporation and Subsidiaries
Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
(Continued)
 
Jan 26, 2025
Jan 28, 2024
 
Amortized
Cost
Estimated
Fair Value
Amortized
Cost
Estimated
Fair Value
 
(In millions)
Less than one year
$
18,426 
$
18,450 
$
16,336 
$
16,329 
Due in 1 - 5 years
23,636 
23,656 
9,348 
9,395 
Total
$
42,062 
$
42,106 
$
25,684 
$
25,724 
Note 8 - Fair Value of Financial Assets and Liabilities and Non-marketable Equity Securities
The fair values of our financial assets and liabilities are determined using quoted market prices of identical assets or market prices of similar assets from active
markets. We review fair value classification on a quarterly basis.
Fair Value at
Pricing Category
Jan 26, 2025
Jan 28, 2024
(In millions)
Assets
Cash equivalents and marketable securities:
Money market funds
Level 1
$
3,760 
$
3,031 
Publicly-held equity securities
Level 1
$
381 
$
— 
Corporate debt securities
Level 2
$
18,526 
$
10,152 
Debt securities issued by the U.S. Treasury
Level 2
$
16,769 
$
9,524 
Debt securities issued by U.S. government agencies
Level 2
$
2,777 
$
2,333 
Foreign government bonds
Level 2
$
177 
$
174 
Certificates of deposit
Level 2
$
97 
$
510 
Other assets:
Publicly-held equity securities
Level 1
$
— 
$
225 
Liabilities (1)
0.584% Notes Due 2024
Level 2
$
— 
$
1,228 
3.20% Notes Due 2026
Level 2
$
982 
$
970 
1.55% Notes Due 2028
Level 2
$
1,136 
$
1,115 
2.85% Notes Due 2030
Level 2
$
1,376 
$
1,367 
2.00% Notes Due 2031
Level 2
$
1,064 
$
1,057 
3.50% Notes Due 2040
Level 2
$
824 
$
851 
3.50% Notes Due 2050
Level 2
$
1,482 
$
1,604 
3.70% Notes Due 2060
Level 2
$
367 
$
403 
(1)    Liabilities are carried on our Consolidated Balance Sheets at their original issuance value, net of unamortized debt discount and issuance costs.
Non-marketable Equity Securities
Our non-marketable equity securities are recorded in long-term other assets on our Consolidated Balance Sheets and valued under the measurement
alternative. Gains and losses on these investments, realized and unrealized, are recognized in Other income (expense), net on our Consolidated Statements of
Income.
68

Table of Contents
NVIDIA Corporation and Subsidiaries
Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
(Continued)
Adjustments to the carrying value of our non-marketable equity securities during fiscal years 2025 and 2024 were as follows:
Year Ended
Jan 26, 2025
Jan 28, 2024
(In millions)
Balance at beginning of period
$
1,321 
$
288 
Adjustments related to non-marketable equity securities:
Net additions
1,309 
859 
Unrealized gains
816 
194 
Impairments and unrealized losses
(59)
(20)
Balance at end of period
$
3,387 
$
1,321 
Non-marketable equity securities had cumulative gross unrealized gains of $1.1 billion and $270  million, and cumulative gross unrealized losses and
impairments of $105 million and $45 million on securities held as of January 26, 2025 and January 28, 2024, respectively.
In the fourth quarter of fiscal year 2025, one of our private company investments completed a secondary equity transaction that resulted in an unrealized gain of
$565 million.
Note 9 - Balance Sheet Components
We refer to customers who purchase products directly from NVIDIA as direct customers, such as AIBs, distributors, ODMs, OEMs, and system integrators. We
have certain customers that may purchase products directly from NVIDIA and may use either internal resources or third-party system integrators to complete
their build. Two direct customers accounted for 17% and 16% of our accounts receivable balance as of January 26, 2025. Two direct customers accounted for
24% and 11% of our accounts receivable balance as of January 28, 2024.
Certain balance sheet components are as follows:
 
Jan 26, 2025
Jan 28, 2024
Inventories:
(In millions)
Raw materials
$
3,408 
$
1,719 
Work in process
3,399 
1,505 
Finished goods
3,273 
2,058 
Total inventories (1)
$
10,080 
$
5,282 
(1)    In fiscal years 2025 and 2024, we recorded an inventory provision of $1.6 billion and $774 million, respectively, in cost of revenue.
 
Jan 26, 2025
Jan 28, 2024
Estimated
Useful Life
Property and Equipment:
(In millions)
(In years)
Land
$
511 
$
218 
(A)
Buildings, leasehold improvements, and furniture
2,076 
1,816 
(B)
Equipment, compute hardware, and software
7,568 
5,200 
2-7
Construction in process
529 
189 
(C)
Total property and equipment, gross
10,684 
7,423 
 
Accumulated depreciation and amortization
(4,401)
(3,509)
 
Total property and equipment, net
$
6,283 
$
3,914 
 
(A)
Land is a non-depreciable asset.
(B)
The estimated useful lives of our buildings are up to thirty years. Leasehold improvements and finance leases are amortized based on the lesser of either the asset’s estimated useful life or the
expected remaining lease term.
(C)
Construction in process represents assets that are not available for their intended use as of the balance sheet date.
69

Table of Contents
NVIDIA Corporation and Subsidiaries
Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
(Continued)
Depreciation expense for fiscal years 2025, 2024, and 2023 was $1.3 billion, $894 million, and $844 million, respectively.
Accumulated amortization of leasehold improvements and finance leases was $410 million and $400 million as of January 26, 2025 and January 28, 2024,
respectively.
Property, equipment and intangible assets acquired by assuming related liabilities during fiscal years 2025, 2024, and 2023 were $525 million, $170 million, and
$374 million, respectively.
 
Jan 26, 2025
Jan 28, 2024
Other Assets (Long Term):
(In millions)
Non-marketable equity securities
$
3,387 
$
1,321 
Prepaid supply and capacity agreements (1)
1,747 
2,458 
Income tax receivable
750 
— 
Prepaid royalties
340 
364 
Other
201 
357 
Total other assets
$
6,425 
$
4,500 
(1)
Prepaid supply and capacity agreements of $3.3 billion and $2.5 billion were included in Prepaid expenses and other current assets as of January 26, 2025 and January 28, 2024, respectively.
 
Jan 26, 2025
Jan 28, 2024
Accrued and Other Current Liabilities:
(In millions)
Customer program accruals
$
4,880 
$
2,081 
Excess inventory purchase obligations (1)
2,095 
1,655 
Product warranty and return provisions
1,373 
415 
Taxes payable
881 
296 
Accrued payroll and related expenses
848 
675 
Deferred revenue (2)
837 
764 
Operating leases
288 
228 
Licenses and royalties
175 
182 
Unsettled share repurchases
132 
187 
Other
228 
199 
Total accrued and other current liabilities
$
11,737 
$
6,682 
(1)
In fiscal years 2025 and 2024, we recorded an expense of approximately $2.0 billion and $1.4 billion, respectively, in cost of revenue.
(2)
Includes customer advances and unearned revenue related to hardware support, software support, cloud services, and license and development arrangements. The balance as of January 26, 2025 and
January 28, 2024 included $81 million and $233 million of customer advances, respectively.
 
Jan 26, 2025
Jan 28, 2024
Other Long-Term Liabilities:
(In millions)
Income tax payable (1)
$
2,188 
$
1,361 
Deferred revenue (2)
976 
573 
Deferred income tax
886 
462 
Licenses payable
116 
80 
Other
79 
65 
Total other long-term liabilities
$
4,245 
$
2,541 
(1)
Income tax payable is comprised of the long-term portion of the one-time transition tax payable, unrecognized tax benefits, and related interest and penalties.
(2)
Includes unearned revenue related to hardware support, software support and cloud services.
70

Table of Contents
NVIDIA Corporation and Subsidiaries
Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
(Continued)
Deferred Revenue
The following table shows the changes in short- and long-term deferred revenue during fiscal years 2025 and 2024:
 
Jan 26, 2025
Jan 28, 2024
(In millions)
Balance at beginning of period
$
1,337 
$
572 
Deferred revenue additions (1)
5,083 
2,038 
Revenue recognized (2)
(4,607)
(1,273)
Balance at end of period
$
1,813 
$
1,337 
(1)    Deferred revenue additions includes $3.6 billion and $783 million related to customer advances for fiscal years 2025 and 2024, respectively.
(2)    Revenue recognized includes $3.7 billion and $585 million related to customer advances for fiscal years 2025 and 2024, respectively.
We recognized revenue of $729 million and $338 million in fiscal years 2025 and 2024, respectively, that were included in the prior year end deferred revenue
balance.
As of January 26, 2025, revenue related to remaining performance obligations from contracts greater than one year in length was $1.7 billion, which includes
$1.6 billion from deferred revenue and $151 million which has not yet been billed nor recognized as revenue. Approximately 39% of revenue from contracts
greater than one year in length will be recognized over the next twelve months.
Note 10 - Derivative Financial Instruments
We utilize foreign currency forward contracts to mitigate the impact of foreign currency exchange rate movements on our operating expenses. The foreign
currency forward contracts for operating expenses are designated as accounting hedges. Gains or losses on the contracts are recorded in accumulated other
comprehensive income or loss and reclassified to operating expense when the related operating expenses are recognized in earnings. In fiscal years 2025 and
2024, the impact of foreign currency forward contracts designated as accounting hedges on other comprehensive income or loss was not significant and all such
instruments were determined to be highly effective.
We also entered into foreign currency forward contracts mitigating the impact of foreign currency movements on monetary assets and liabilities. For our foreign
currency contracts for assets and liabilities, the change in fair value of these non-designated contracts was recorded in other income or expense and offsets the
change in fair value of the hedged foreign currency denominated monetary assets and liabilities, which was also recorded in other income or expense.
The table below presents the notional value of our foreign currency contracts outstanding:
Jan 26, 2025
Jan 28, 2024
 
(In millions)
Designated as accounting hedges
$
1,424 
$
1,168 
Not designated as accounting hedges
$
1,297 
$
597 
The unrealized gains and losses or fair value of our foreign currency contracts were not significant as of January 26, 2025 and January 28, 2024.
As of  January  26, 2025,  all foreign currency contracts mature within  18 months. The expected realized gains and losses deferred into accumulated other
comprehensive income or loss related to foreign currency forward contracts within the next twelve months were not significant.
71

Table of Contents
NVIDIA Corporation and Subsidiaries
Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
(Continued)
Note 11 - Debt
Long-Term Debt
 
Expected
Remaining Term
(years)
Effective
Interest Rate
Jan 26, 2025
Jan 28, 2024
 
 
 
(In millions)
0.584% Notes Due 2024 (1)
—
0.66%
$
— 
$
1,250 
3.20% Notes Due 2026
1.6
3.31%
1,000 
1,000 
1.55% Notes Due 2028
3.4
1.64%
1,250 
1,250 
2.85% Notes Due 2030
5.2
2.93%
1,500 
1,500 
2.00% Notes Due 2031
6.4
2.09%
1,250 
1,250 
3.50% Notes Due 2040
15.2
3.54%
1,000 
1,000 
3.50% Notes Due 2050
25.2
3.54%
2,000 
2,000 
3.70% Notes Due 2060
35.2
3.73%
500 
500 
Unamortized debt discount and issuance costs
 
 
(37)
(41)
Net carrying amount
 
 
8,463 
9,709 
Less short-term portion
— 
(1,250)
Total long-term portion
$
8,463 
$
8,459 
(1)    In fiscal year 2025, we repaid the 0.584% Notes Due 2024.
Our notes are unsecured senior obligations. Existing and future liabilities of our subsidiaries will be effectively senior to the notes. Our notes pay interest semi-
annually. We may redeem each of our notes prior to maturity, subject to a make-whole premium. The maturity of the notes is calendar year.
As of January 26, 2025, we complied with the required covenants, which are non-financial in nature, under the outstanding notes.
Commercial Paper
We have a $575 million commercial paper program to support general corporate purposes. As of January 26, 2025, we had no commercial paper outstanding.
Note 12 - Commitments and Contingencies
Purchase Obligations
Our purchase obligations reflect our commitment to purchase components used to manufacture our products, including long-term supply and capacity
agreements, certain software and technology licenses, other goods and services and long-lived assets.
As of January 26, 2025, we had outstanding inventory purchase and long-term supply and capacity obligations totaling $30.8 billion, an increase from the prior
year led by commitments, capacity and components for new product introductions, including our new Blackwell architecture. We enter into agreements with
contract manufacturers that allow them to procure inventory based upon our defined criteria, and in certain instances, these agreements are cancellable, able to
be rescheduled, or adjustable for our business needs prior to placing firm orders. Though, changes to these agreements may result in additional costs. Other
non-inventory purchase obligations were $14.3 billion, including $10.9 billion of multi-year cloud service agreements. We expect our cloud service agreements to
primarily be used to support our research and development efforts, as well as our DGX Cloud offerings.
72

Table of Contents
NVIDIA Corporation and Subsidiaries
Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
(Continued)
Total future purchase commitments as of January 26, 2025 are as follows:
Commitments
 
(In millions)
Fiscal Year:
 
2026
$
35,727 
2027
3,666 
2028
2,992 
2029
2,054 
2030
422 
2031 and thereafter
218 
Total
$
45,079 
Accrual for Product Warranty Liabilities
The estimated amount of product warranty liabilities was $1.3 billion and $306 million as of January 26, 2025 and January 28, 2024, respectively. The estimated
product returns and product warranty activity consisted of the following:
Year Ended
Jan 26, 2025
Jan 28, 2024
Jan 29, 2023
(In millions)
Balance at beginning of period
$
306 
$
82 
$
46 
Additions
1,203 
278 
145 
Utilization
(219)
(54)
(109)
Balance at end of period
$
1,290 
$
306 
$
82 
In fiscal years 2025, 2024, and 2023 the additions in product warranty liabilities primarily related to Compute & Networking segment.
We have provided indemnities for matters such as tax, product, and employee liabilities. We have included intellectual property indemnification provisions in our
technology-related agreements with third parties. Maximum potential future payments cannot be estimated because many of these agreements do not have a
maximum stated liability. We have not recorded any liability in our Consolidated Financial Statements for such indemnifications.
Litigation
Securities Class Action and Derivative Lawsuits
The plaintiffs in the putative securities class action lawsuit, captioned 4:18-cv-07669-HSG, initially filed on December 21, 2018 in the United States District Court
for the Northern District of California, and titled In Re NVIDIA Corporation Securities Litigation, filed an amended complaint on May 13, 2020. The amended
complaint asserted that NVIDIA and certain NVIDIA executives violated Section 10(b) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended, or the Exchange Act,
and SEC Rule 10b-5, by making materially false or misleading statements related to channel inventory and the impact of cryptocurrency mining on GPU demand
between May 10, 2017 and November 14, 2018. Plaintiffs also alleged that the NVIDIA executives who they named as defendants violated Section 20(a) of the
Exchange Act. Plaintiffs sought class certification, an award of unspecified compensatory damages, an award of reasonable costs and expenses, including
attorneys’ fees and expert fees, and further relief as the Court may deem just and proper. On March 2, 2021, the district court granted NVIDIA’s motion to
dismiss the complaint without leave to amend, entered judgment in favor of NVIDIA and closed the case. On March 30, 2021, plaintiffs filed an appeal from
judgment in the United States Court of Appeals for the Ninth Circuit, case number 21-15604. On August 25, 2023, a majority of a three-judge Ninth Circuit panel
affirmed in part and reversed in part the district court’s dismissal of the case, with a third judge dissenting on the basis that the district court did not err in
dismissing the case. On November 15, 2023, the Ninth Circuit denied NVIDIA’s petition for rehearing en banc of the Ninth Circuit panel’s majority decision to
reverse in part the dismissal of the case, which NVIDIA had filed on October 10, 2023. On December 5, 2023, the Ninth Circuit granted NVIDIA’s motion to stay
the mandate pending NVIDIA’s petition for a writ of certiorari in the Supreme Court of the United States and the Supreme Court’s final disposition of the matter.
NVIDIA filed a petition for a writ of certiorari on March 4, 2024. On June 17, 2024, the Supreme Court of the United States granted NVIDIA’s petition for a writ of
certiorari. After briefing and argument, the Supreme
73

Table of Contents
NVIDIA Corporation and Subsidiaries
Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
(Continued)
Court dismissed NVIDIA’s writ of certiorari as improvidently granted on December 11, 2024, and issued judgment on January 13, 2025. On February 20, 2025,
the Ninth Circuit’s judgment, entered August 25, 2023 and corrected August 28, 2023, took effect, and the case was remanded to the district court for further
proceedings.
The putative derivative lawsuit pending in the United States District Court for the Northern District of California, captioned 4:19-cv-00341-HSG, initially filed
January 18, 2019 and titled In re NVIDIA Corporation Consolidated Derivative Litigation, was stayed pending resolution of the plaintiffs’ appeal in the In Re
NVIDIA Corporation Securities Litigation action. On February 22, 2022, the court administratively closed the case, but stated that it would reopen the case once
the appeal in the In Re NVIDIA Corporation Securities Litigation action is resolved. The case has not yet been reopened by the court. The lawsuit asserts claims,
purportedly on behalf of us, against certain officers and directors of the Company for breach of fiduciary duty, unjust enrichment, waste of corporate assets, and
violations of Sections 14(a), 10(b), and 20(a) of the Exchange Act based on the dissemination of allegedly false and misleading statements related to channel
inventory and the impact of cryptocurrency mining on GPU demand. The plaintiffs are seeking unspecified damages and other relief, including reforms and
improvements to NVIDIA’s corporate governance and internal procedures.
The putative derivative actions initially filed September 24, 2019 and pending in the United States District Court for the District of Delaware, Lipchitz v. Huang, et
al. (Case No. 1:19-cv-01795-MN) and Nelson v. Huang, et. al. (Case No. 1:19-cv-01798-MN), were stayed pending resolution of the plaintiffs’ appeal in the In Re
NVIDIA Corporation Securities Litigation action. On February 5, 2025, after the Supreme Court issued its judgment dismissing the Company’s petition for writ of
certiorari as improvidently granted in the In Re NVIDIA Corporation Securities Litigation action, the district court extended the stay for 30 days while the parties
discuss next steps and ordered the parties to file a joint status report by March 7, 2025. The lawsuits assert claims, purportedly on behalf of us, against certain
officers and directors of the Company for breach of fiduciary duty, unjust enrichment, insider trading, misappropriation of information, corporate waste and
violations of Sections 14(a), 10(b), and 20(a) of the Exchange Act based on the dissemination of allegedly false, and misleading statements related to channel
inventory and the impact of cryptocurrency mining on GPU demand. The plaintiffs seek unspecified damages and other relief, including disgorgement of profits
from the sale of NVIDIA stock and unspecified corporate governance measures.
Another putative derivative action was filed on October 30, 2023 in the Court of Chancery of the State of Delaware, captioned Horanic v. Huang, et al. (Case No.
2023-1096-KSJM). This lawsuit asserts claims, purportedly on behalf of us, against certain officers and directors of the Company for breach of fiduciary duty and
insider trading based on the dissemination of allegedly false and misleading statements related to channel inventory and the impact of cryptocurrency mining on
GPU demand. The plaintiffs seek unspecified damages and other relief, including disgorgement of profits from the sale of NVIDIA stock and reform of
unspecified corporate governance measures. This derivative matter is stayed pending the final resolution of In Re NVIDIA Corporation Securities Litigation
action.
Accounting for Loss Contingencies
As of January 26, 2025, there are no accrued contingent liabilities associated with the legal proceedings described above based on our belief that liabilities,
while reasonably possible, are not probable. Further, any possible loss or range of loss in these matters cannot be reasonably estimated at this time. We are
engaged in legal actions not described above arising in the ordinary course of business and, while there can be no assurance of favorable outcomes, we believe
that the ultimate outcome of these actions will not have a material adverse effect on our operating results, liquidity or financial position.
74

Table of Contents
NVIDIA Corporation and Subsidiaries
Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
(Continued)
Note 13 - Income Taxes
The income tax expense (benefit) applicable to income before income taxes consists of the following:
 
Year Ended
 
Jan 26, 2025
Jan 28, 2024
Jan 29, 2023
 
(In millions)
Current income taxes:
 
 
 
Federal
$
14,032 
$
5,710 
$
1,703 
State
892 
335 
46 
Foreign
699 
502 
228 
Total current
15,623 
6,547 
1,977 
Deferred income taxes:
Federal
(4,515)
(2,499)
(2,165)
State
(242)
(206)
— 
Foreign
280 
216 
1 
Total deferred
(4,477)
(2,489)
(2,164)
Income tax expense (benefit)
$
11,146 
$
4,058 
$
(187)
Income before income tax consists of the following:
 
Year Ended
 
Jan 26, 2025
Jan 28, 2024
Jan 29, 2023
 
(In millions)
U.S.
$
77,456 
$
29,495 
$
3,477 
Foreign
6,570 
4,323 
704 
Income before income tax
$
84,026 
$
33,818 
$
4,181 
The income tax expense (benefit) differs from the amount computed by applying the U.S. federal statutory rate of 21% to income before income taxes as follows:
 
Year Ended
 
Jan 26, 2025
Jan 28, 2024
Jan 29, 2023
 
(In millions, except percentages)
Tax expense computed at federal statutory rate
$
17,645 
21.0 %
$
7,102 
21.0 %
$
878 
21.0 %
Expense (benefit) resulting from:
State income taxes, net of federal tax effect
554 
0.7 %
120 
0.4 %
50 
1.2 %
Foreign-derived intangible income
(2,976)
(3.5)%
(1,408)
(4.2)%
(739)
(17.7)%
Stock-based compensation
(2,097)
(2.5)%
(741)
(2.2)%
(309)
(7.4)%
U.S. federal research and development tax credit
(990)
(1.2)%
(431)
(1.3)%
(278)
(6.6)%
Foreign tax rate differential
(984)
(1.2)%
(467)
(1.4)%
(83)
(2.0)%
Acquisition termination cost
— 
— %
— 
— %
261 
6.2 %
Other
(6)
— %
(117)
(0.3)%
33 
0.8 %
Income tax expense (benefit)
$
11,146 
13.3 %
$
4,058 
12.0 %
$
(187)
(4.5)%
75

Table of Contents
NVIDIA Corporation and Subsidiaries
Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
(Continued)
The tax effect of temporary differences that gives rise to significant portions of the deferred tax assets and liabilities are presented below:
 
Jan 26, 2025
Jan 28, 2024
 
(In millions)
Deferred tax assets:
 
Capitalized research and development expenditure
$
6,256 
$
3,376 
GILTI deferred tax assets
2,820 
1,576 
Accruals and reserves, not currently deductible for tax purposes
2,058 
1,121 
Research and other tax credit carryforwards
759 
936 
Net operating loss and capital loss carryforwards
456 
439 
Operating lease liabilities
299 
263 
Stock-based compensation
124 
106 
Property, equipment and intangible assets
82 
64 
Other deferred tax assets
360 
179 
Gross deferred tax assets
13,214 
8,060 
Less valuation allowance
(1,610)
(1,552)
Total deferred tax assets
11,604 
6,508 
Deferred tax liabilities:
Unremitted earnings of foreign subsidiaries
(891)
(502)
Operating lease assets
(286)
(255)
Equity investments
(264)
(60)
Acquired intangibles
(70)
(74)
Gross deferred tax liabilities
(1,511)
(891)
Net deferred tax asset (1)
$
10,093 
$
5,617 
(1)    Net deferred tax asset includes long-term deferred tax assets of $11 billion and $6.1 billion and long-term deferred tax liabilities of $886 million and $462 million for fiscal years 2025 and 2024,
respectively. Long-term deferred tax liabilities are included in other long-term liabilities on our Consolidated Balance Sheets.
As of January 26, 2025, we intend to indefinitely reinvest approximately $1.4 billion of cumulative undistributed earnings held by certain subsidiaries. We have
not provided the amount of unrecognized deferred tax liabilities for temporary differences related to these investments as the determination of such amount is
not practicable.
As of both January 26, 2025 and January 28, 2024, we had a valuation allowance of $1.6 billion related to capital loss carryforwards, and certain state and other
deferred tax assets that management determined are not likely to be realized due, in part, to jurisdictional projections of future taxable income, including capital
gains. To the extent realization of the deferred tax assets becomes more-likely-than-not, we would recognize such deferred tax assets as income tax benefits
during the period.
Given our current and possible future earnings, we believe that we may release the valuation allowance associated with certain state deferred tax assets in the
near term, which would decrease our income tax expense for the period the release is recorded. The timing and amount of the valuation allowance release could
vary based on our assessment of all available information.
As of January 26, 2025, we had U.S. federal, state and foreign net operating loss carryforwards of $479 million, $332 million and $349 million, respectively. The
federal and state carryforwards will begin to expire in fiscal years 2026 and 2027, respectively. The foreign net operating loss carryforwards of $349 million may
be carried forward indefinitely. As of January  26, 2025, we had federal research tax credit carryforwards of $46  million, before the impact of uncertain tax
positions, that will begin to expire in fiscal year 2026. We have state research tax credit carryforwards of $1.5 billion, before the impact of uncertain tax positions.
$1.4 billion is attributable to the State of California and may be carried over indefinitely and $98 million is attributable to various other states and will begin to
expire in fiscal year 2026. As of January 26, 2025, we had federal capital loss carryforwards of $1.3 billion that will begin to expire in fiscal year 2028.
76

Table of Contents
NVIDIA Corporation and Subsidiaries
Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
(Continued)
Our tax attributes remain subject to audit and may be adjusted for changes or modification in tax laws, other authoritative interpretations thereof, or other facts
and circumstances. Utilization of tax attributes may also be subject to limitations due to ownership changes and other limitations provided by the Internal
Revenue Code and similar state and foreign tax provisions. If any such limitations apply, the tax attributes may expire or be denied before utilization.
A reconciliation of gross unrecognized tax benefits is as follows:
 
Jan 26, 2025
Jan 28, 2024
Jan 29, 2023
 
(In millions)
Balance at beginning of period
$
1,670 
$
1,238 
$
1,013 
Increases in tax positions for current year
1,268 
616 
268 
Increases in tax positions for prior years
48 
87 
1 
Decreases in tax positions for prior years
(88)
(148)
(15)
Lapse in statute of limitations
(27)
(19)
(20)
Settlements
(10)
(104)
(9)
Balance at end of period
$
2,861 
$
1,670 
$
1,238 
Included in the balance of unrecognized tax benefits as of January 26, 2025 are $2 billion of tax benefits that would affect our effective tax rate if recognized.
We classify an unrecognized tax benefit as a current liability, or amount refundable, to the extent that we anticipate payment or receipt of cash for income taxes
within one year. The amount is classified as a long-term liability, or reduction of long-term amount refundable, if we anticipate payment or receipt of cash for
income taxes during a period beyond a year.
We include interest and penalties related to unrecognized tax benefits as a component of income tax expense. We recognized net interest and penalties related
to unrecognized tax benefits in the income tax expense line of our consolidated statements of income of $92 million, $42 million, and $33 million during fiscal
years 2025, 2024, and 2023, respectively. As of January 26, 2025 and January 28, 2024, we have accrued $251 million and $140 million, respectively, for the
payment of interest and penalties related to unrecognized tax benefits, which is not included as a component of our gross unrecognized tax benefits.
While we believe that we have adequately provided for all tax positions, amounts asserted by tax authorities could be greater or less than our accrued position.
Accordingly, our provisions on federal, state and foreign tax-related matters to be recorded in the future may change as revised estimates are made or the
underlying matters are settled or otherwise resolved. As of January 26, 2025, we have not identified any positions for which it is reasonably possible that the total
amounts of unrecognized tax benefits will significantly increase or decrease within the next twelve months.
We are subject to taxation by taxing authorities both in the United States and other countries. As of January 26, 2025, the significant tax jurisdictions that may be
subject to examination include the United States for fiscal years after 2021, as well as China, Germany, Hong Kong, India, Israel, Taiwan, and the United
Kingdom for fiscal years 2014 through 2024. As of January  26, 2025, the significant tax jurisdictions for which we are currently under examination include
Germany, Hong Kong, India, Israel, and Taiwan for fiscal years 2014 through 2024, and the State of California for fiscal years 2020 to 2022.
Note 14 - Shareholders’ Equity
Capital Return Program
On August 26, 2024, our Board of Directors approved an additional $50 billion to our share repurchase authorization, without expiration. In fiscal years 2025 and
2024, we repurchased 310 million and 210 million shares of our common stock for $34.0 billion and $9.7 billion, respectively. As of January 26, 2025, we were
authorized, subject to certain specifications, to repurchase up to $38.7 billion of our common stock. Our share repurchase program aims to offset dilution from
shares issued to employees while maintaining adequate liquidity to meet our operating requirements. We may pursue additional share repurchases as we weigh
market factors and other investment opportunities.
From January 27, 2025 through February 21, 2025, we repurchased 29 million shares for $3.7 billion pursuant to a pre-established trading plan.
77

Table of Contents
NVIDIA Corporation and Subsidiaries
Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
(Continued)
In fiscal years 2025, 2024, and 2023, we paid cash dividends to our shareholders of $834 million, $395 million, and $398 million, respectively. The payment of
future cash dividends is subject to our Board of Directors' continuing determination that the declaration of dividends is in the best interests of our shareholders.
Note 15 - Employee Retirement Plans
We provide tax-qualified defined contribution plans to eligible employees in the U.S. and certain other countries. Our contribution expense for fiscal years 2025,
2024, and 2023 was $314 million, $255 million, and $227 million, respectively.
Note 16 - Segment Information
Our Chief Executive Officer is our chief operating decision maker, or CODM, and reviews financial information presented on an operating segment basis for
purposes of making decisions and assessing financial performance. Our CODM assesses operating performance of each segment based on regularly provided
segment revenue and segment operating income. Operating results by segment include costs or expenses directly attributable to each segment, and costs or
expenses that are leveraged across our unified architecture and therefore allocated between our two segments. Our CODM reviews expenses on a consolidated
basis, and expenses attributable to each segment are not regularly provided to our CODM.
The Compute & Networking segment includes our Data Center accelerated computing platforms and AI solutions and software; networking; automotive platforms
and autonomous and electric vehicle solutions; Jetson for robotics and other embedded platforms; and DGX Cloud computing services.
The Graphics segment includes GeForce GPUs for gaming and PCs, the GeForce NOW game streaming service and related infrastructure, and solutions for
gaming platforms; Quadro/NVIDIA RTX GPUs for enterprise workstation graphics; vGPU software for cloud-based visual and virtual computing; automotive
platforms for infotainment systems; and Omniverse Enterprise software for building and operating industrial AI and digital twin applications.
The “All Other” category includes the expenses that are not allocated to either Compute & Networking or Graphics for purposes of making operating decisions or
assessing financial performance. The expenses include stock-based compensation expense, corporate infrastructure and support costs, acquisition-related and
other costs, and other non-recurring charges and benefits that our CODM deems to be enterprise in nature.
Our CODM does not review any information regarding total assets on a reportable segment basis. There are no intersegment transactions. The accounting
policies for segment reporting are the same as for our consolidated financial statements. The table below presents details of our reportable segments and the
“All Other” category.
 
Compute &
Networking
Graphics
All Other
Consolidated
(In millions)
Year Ended Jan 26, 2025
 
 
 
Revenue
$
116,193 
$
14,304 
$
— 
$
130,497 
Other segment items (1)
33,318 
9,219 
Operating income (loss)
$
82,875 
$
5,085 
$
(6,507)
$
81,453 
Year Ended Jan 28, 2024
 
 
 
Revenue
$
47,405 
$
13,517 
$
— 
$
60,922 
Other segment items (1)
15,389 
7,671 
Operating income (loss)
$
32,016 
$
5,846 
$
(4,890)
$
32,972 
Year Ended Jan 29, 2023
 
 
 
Revenue
$
15,068 
$
11,906 
$
— 
$
26,974 
Other segment items (1)
9,985 
7,354 
Operating income (loss)
$
5,083 
$
4,552 
$
(5,411)
$
4,224 
78

Table of Contents
NVIDIA Corporation and Subsidiaries
Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
(Continued)
(1)
Other segment items for the Compute & Networking and Graphics reportable segments primarily include product costs and inventory provisions, compensation and benefits excluding stock-based
compensation expense, compute and infrastructure expenses, and engineering development costs.
Depreciation and amortization expense attributable to our Compute and Networking segment for fiscal years 2025, 2024, and 2023 was $732  million,
$457 million, and $377 million, respectively. Depreciation and amortization expense attributable to our Graphics segment for fiscal years 2025, 2024, and 2023
was $372  million, $307  million, and $315  million, respectively. Acquisition-related intangible amortization expense is not allocated to either Compute &
Networking or Graphics for purposes of making operating decisions or assessing financial performance and is included in “All Other”.
Year Ended
Jan 26, 2025
Jan 28, 2024
Jan 29, 2023
Reconciling items included in "All Other" category:
(In millions)
Stock-based compensation expense
$
(4,737)
$
(3,549)
$
(2,710)
Unallocated cost of revenue and operating expenses
(1,171)
(728)
(595)
Acquisition-related and other costs
(602)
(583)
(674)
Acquisition termination cost
— 
— 
(1,353)
Other
3 
(30)
(79)
Total
$
(6,507)
$
(4,890)
$
(5,411)
Revenue by geographic area is based upon the billing location of the customer. The end customer and shipping location may be different from our customer’s
billing location.
 
Year Ended
 
Jan 26, 2025
Jan 28, 2024
Jan 29, 2023
Geographic Revenue based upon Customer Billing Location:
(In millions)
United States
$
61,257 
$
26,966 
$
8,292 
Singapore (1)
23,684 
6,831 
2,288 
Taiwan
20,573 
13,405 
6,986 
China (including Hong Kong)
17,108 
10,306 
5,785 
Other
7,875 
3,414 
3,623 
Total revenue
$
130,497 
$
60,922 
$
26,974 
(1) Singapore represented 18% of fiscal year 2025 total revenue based upon customer billing location. Customers use Singapore to centralize invoicing while
our products are almost always shipped elsewhere. Shipments to Singapore were less than 2% of fiscal year 2025 total revenue.
Revenue from sales to customers outside of the United States accounted for 53%, 56%, and 69% of total revenue for fiscal years  2025, 2024, and 2023,
respectively. The increase in revenue to the United States for fiscal years 2025 and 2024 was primarily due to higher U.S.-based Compute & Networking
segment demand.
We refer to customers who purchase products directly from NVIDIA as direct customers, such as AIBs, distributors, ODMs, OEMs, and system integrators. We
have certain customers that may purchase products directly from NVIDIA and may use either internal resources or third-party system integrators to complete
their build. We also have indirect customers, who purchase products through our direct customers; indirect customers include CSPs, consumer internet
companies, enterprises, and public sector entities.
79

Table of Contents
NVIDIA Corporation and Subsidiaries
Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
(Continued)
Sales to direct customers which represented 10% or more of total revenue, all of which were primarily attributable to the Compute & Networking segment, are
presented in the following table:
Year Ended
Jan 26, 2025
Jan 28, 2024
Direct Customer A
12 %
*
Direct Customer B
11 %
13 %
Direct Customer C
11 %
*
* Less than 10% of total revenue.
No customer represented 10% or more of total revenue for fiscal year 2023.
The following table summarizes revenue by specialized markets:
 
Year Ended
 
Jan 26, 2025
Jan 28, 2024
Jan 29, 2023
Revenue by End Market:
(In millions)
Data Center
$
115,186 
$
47,525 
$
15,005 
Compute
102,196 
38,950 
11,317 
Networking
12,990 
8,575 
3,688 
Gaming
11,350 
10,447 
9,067 
Professional Visualization
1,878 
1,553 
1,544 
Automotive
1,694 
1,091 
903 
OEM and Other
389 
306 
455 
Total revenue
$
130,497 
$
60,922 
$
26,974 
The following table presents summarized information for long-lived assets by country. Long-lived assets consist of property and equipment and exclude other
assets, operating lease assets, goodwill, and intangible assets.
 
Jan 26, 2025
Jan 28, 2024
Long-lived assets:
(In millions)
United States
$
3,626 
$
2,595 
Taiwan
1,481 
773 
Israel
840 
325 
Other
336 
221 
Total long-lived assets
$
6,283 
$
3,914 
Note 17 - Leases
Our lease obligations primarily consist of operating leases for our headquarters' campus and domestic and international offices and data centers, with lease
periods expiring between fiscal years 2026 and 2037.
Future minimum lease obligations under our non-cancelable lease agreements as of January 26, 2025 were as follows:
80

Table of Contents
NVIDIA Corporation and Subsidiaries
Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
(Continued)
Operating Lease Obligations
 
(In millions)
Fiscal Year:
 
2026
$
354 
2027
331 
2028
337 
2029
301 
2030
226 
2031 and thereafter
537 
Total
2,086 
Less imputed interest
279 
Present value of net future minimum lease payments
1,807 
Less short-term operating lease liabilities
288 
Long-term operating lease liabilities
$
1,519 
Between fiscal years 2026 and 2030, we expect to commence leases with future obligations of $7.6 billion primarily of data center and office operating leases,
with lease terms of 3 to 15.5 years.
Operating lease expenses for fiscal years 2025, 2024, and 2023 were $356 million, $269 million, and $193 million, respectively. Short-term and variable lease
expenses for fiscal years 2025, 2024, and 2023 were not significant.
Other information related to leases was as follows:
Year Ended
Jan 26, 2025
Jan 28, 2024
Jan 29, 2023
 
(In millions)
Supplemental cash flows information
 
Operating cash flow used for operating leases
$
313 
$
286 
$
184 
Operating lease assets obtained in exchange for lease
obligations
$
877 
$
531 
$
358 
As of January 26, 2025, our operating leases have a weighted average remaining lease term of 6.5 years and a weighted average discount rate of 4.16%. As of
January 28, 2024, our operating leases had a weighted average remaining lease term of 6.1 years and a weighted average discount rate of 3.76%.
81

NVIDIA Corporation and Subsidiaries
Schedule II – Valuation and Qualifying Accounts
Description
Balance at
Beginning of
Period
Additions
 
Deductions
 
Balance at
End of Period
 
(In millions)
Fiscal year 2025
 
 
 
 
 
 
Allowance for doubtful accounts
$
4 
$
—  (1)
$
—  (1)
$
4 
Sales return allowance
$
109 
$
151  (2)
$
(178) (4)
$
82 
Deferred tax valuation allowance
$
1,552 
$
58  (3)
$
— 
$
1,610 
Fiscal year 2024
 
 
 
 
 
 
Allowance for doubtful accounts
$
4 
$
—  (1)
$
—  (1)
$
4 
Sales return allowance
$
26 
$
213  (2)
$
(130) (4)
$
109 
Deferred tax valuation allowance
$
1,484 
$
162  (3)
$
(94) (3)
$
1,552 
Fiscal year 2023
 
 
 
 
 
Allowance for doubtful accounts
$
4 
$
—  (1)
$
—  (1)
$
4 
Sales return allowance
$
13 
$
104  (2)
$
(91) (4)
$
26 
Deferred tax valuation allowance
$
907 
$
577  (3)
$
— 
$
1,484 
(1)
Additions represent either expense or acquired balances and deductions represent write-offs.
(2)
Additions represent estimated product returns charged as a reduction to revenue or an acquired balance.
(3)
Additional valuation allowance on deferred tax assets not likely to be realized. Additions represent additional valuation allowance on capital loss carryforwards, and certain state and other deferred tax
assets. Deductions represent the release of valuation allowance on certain state deferred tax assets. Refer to Note 13 of the Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements in Part IV, Item 15 of this
Annual Report on Form 10-K for additional information.
(4)
Represents sales returns.
82

Exhibit Index
Incorporated by Reference
Exhibit No.
Exhibit Description
Schedule/Form
Exhibit
Filing Date
2.1^
Share Purchase Agreement, dated September 13, 2020, by and among
NVIDIA, NVIDIA Holdings, Arm, SoftBank, and Vision Fund
8-K
2.1
9/14/2020
3.1
Restated Certificate of Incorporation
10-K
3.1
3/18/2022
3.2
Amendment to Restated Certificate of Incorporation of NVIDIA Corporation
8-K
3.1
6/6/2022
3.3
Amendment to Restated Certificate of Incorporation of NVIDIA Corporation
8-K
3.1
6/7/2024
3.4
Bylaws of NVIDIA Corporation, Amended and Restated as of March 12, 2024
8-K
3.1
3/14/2024
4.1
Reference is made to Exhibits 3.1, 3.2, 3.3 and 3.4
4.2
Specimen Stock Certificate
S-1/A
4.2
4/24/1998
4.3
Indenture, dated as of September 16, 2016, by and between the Company and
Computershare Trust Company, N.A., as successor to Wells Fargo Bank,
National Association, as Trustee
8-K
4.1
9/16/2016
4.4
Officers’ Certificate, dated as of September 16, 2016
8-K
4.2
9/16/2016
4.5
Form of 2026 Note
8-K
Annex B-1 to
Exhibit 4.2
9/16/2016
4.6*
Description of Securities
4.7
Officers’ Certificate, dated as of March 31, 2020
8-K
4.2
3/31/2020
4.8
Form of 2030 Note
8-K
Annex A-1 to
Exhibit 4.2
3/31/2020
4.9
Form of 2040 Note
8-K
Annex B-1 to
Exhibit 4.2
3/31/2020
4.10
Form of 2050 Note
8-K
Annex C-1 to
Exhibit 4.2
3/31/2020
4.11
Form of 2060 Note
8-K
Annex D-1 to
Exhibit 4.2
3/31/2020
4.12
Officers' Certificate, dated as of June 16, 2021
8-K
4.2
6/16/2021
4.13
Form of 2023 Note
8-K
Annex A-1 to
Exhibit 4.2
6/16/2021
4.14
Form of 2024 Note
8-K
Annex B-1 to
Exhibit 4.2
6/16/2021
4.15
Form of 2028 Note
8-K
Annex C-1 to
Exhibit 4.2
6/16/2021
4.16
Form of 2031 Note
8-K
Annex D-1 to
Exhibit 4.2
6/16/2021
10.1
Form of Indemnity Agreement between NVIDIA Corporation and each of its
directors and officers
8-K
10.1
3/7/2006
10.2+
Amended and Restated 2007 Equity Incentive Plan
10-Q
10.1
8/28/2024
10.3+
Amended and Restated 2007 Equity Incentive Plan - Non-Employee Director
Deferred Restricted Stock Unit Grant Notice and Deferred Restricted Stock
Unit Agreement (2016)
10-K
10.26
3/12/2015
10.4+
Amended and Restated 2007 Equity Incentive Plan - Non-Employee Director
Restricted Stock Unit Grant Notice and Restricted Stock Unit Agreement
(2016)
10-K
10.27
3/12/2015
10.5+
Amended and Restated 2007 Equity Incentive Plan - Global Performance-
Based Restricted Stock Unit Grant Notice and Performance-Based Restricted
Stock Unit Agreement (2019)
8-K
10.1
3/11/2019
10.6+
Amended and Restated 2007 Equity Incentive Plan – Global Restricted Stock
Unit Grant Notice and Global Restricted Stock Unit Agreement (2020)
10-Q
10.2
5/21/2020
83

10.7+
Amended and Restated 2007 Equity Incentive Plan – Global Restricted Stock
Unit Grant Notice and Global Restricted Stock Unit Agreement (2021)
10-Q
10.2
5/26/2021
10.8+
Amended and Restated 2007 Equity Incentive Plan – Global Restricted Stock
Unit Grant Notice and Global Restricted Stock Unit Agreement (2022)
10-K
10.16
3/18/2022
10.9+
Amended and Restated 2007 Equity Incentive Plan – Global Restricted Stock
Unit Grant Notice and Global Restricted Stock Unit Agreement (2023)
10-K
10.14
2/24/2023
10.10+
Amended and Restated 2007 Equity Incentive Plan – Global Restricted Stock
Unit Grant Notice and Global Restricted Stock Unit Agreement (2024) (version
1)
10-Q
10.2
5/29/2024
10.11+
Amended and Restated 2007 Equity Incentive Plan - Global Performance-
Based Restricted Stock Unit Grant Notice and Performance-Based Restricted
Stock Unit Agreement (2024)
10-Q
10.3
5/29/2024
10.12+
Amended and Restated 2007 Equity Incentive Plan – Global Restricted Stock
Unit Grant Notice and Global Restricted Stock Unit Agreement (2024) (version
2)
10-Q
10.1
11/20/2024
10.13+*
Amended and Restated 2007 Equity Incentive Plan - Global Restricted Stock
Unit Grant Notice and Global Restricted Stock Unit Agreement (2025)
10.14+*
Amended and Restated 2007 Equity Incentive Plan - Global Performance-
Based Restricted Stock Unit Grant Notice and Performance-Based Restricted
Stock Unit Agreement (2025)
10.15+*
Amended and Restated 2012 Employee Stock Purchase Plan
10.16+
Variable Compensation Plan - Fiscal Year 2024
8-K
10.1
3/8/2023
10.17+
Variable Compensation Plan - Fiscal Year 2025
8-K
10.1
3/14/2024
10.18
Form of Commercial Paper Dealer Agreement between NVIDIA Corporation, as
Issuer, and the Dealer party thereto
8-K
10.1
12/15/2017
19.1*
NVIDIA Corporation Insider Trading Policy
21.1*
Subsidiaries of Registrant
23.1*
Consent of PricewaterhouseCoopers LLP
24.1*
Power of Attorney (included in signature page)
31.1*
Certification of Chief Executive Officer as required by Rule 13a-14(a) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934
31.2*
Certification of Chief Financial Officer as required by Rule 13a-14(a) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934
32.1#*
Certification of Chief Executive Officer as required by Rule 13a-14(b) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934
32.2#*
Certification of Chief Financial Officer as required by Rule 13a-14(b) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934
97.1+
Compensation Recovery Policy, as amended and restated November 30, 2023
10-K
97.1
2/21/2024
101.INS*
XBRL Instance Document
101.SCH*
XBRL Taxonomy Extension Schema Document
101.CAL*
XBRL Taxonomy Extension Calculation Linkbase Document
101.DEF*
XBRL Taxonomy Extension Definition Linkbase Document
101.LAB*
XBRL Taxonomy Extension Labels Linkbase Document
101.PRE*
XBRL Taxonomy Extension Presentation Linkbase Document
104
Cover Page Interactive Data File - the cover page interactive data file does not appear in the Interactive Data File because its XBRL tags
are embedded within the Inline XBRL document
*  Filed herewith.
+  Management contract or compensatory plan or arrangement.
# In accordance with Item 601(b)(32)(ii) of Regulation S-K and SEC Release Nos. 33-8238 and 34-47986, Final Rule: Management's Reports on Internal Control Over Financial Reporting and Certification of
Disclosure in Exchange Act Periodic Reports, the certifications furnished in Exhibits 32.1 and 32.2 hereto are deemed to accompany this Annual Report on Form 10-K and will not be deemed “filed” for
purpose of Section 18 of the Exchange Act. Such certifications will not be deemed to be incorporated by reference into any filing under the Securities Act or the Exchange Act, except to the extent that the
registrant specifically incorporates it by reference.
84

^ Certain exhibits and schedules have been omitted in accordance with Regulation S-K Item 601(a)(5).
Copies of above exhibits not contained herein are available to any shareholder upon written request to:
Investor Relations: NVIDIA Corporation, 2788 San Tomas Expressway, Santa Clara, CA 95051
Item 16. Form 10-K Summary
Not Applicable.
85

Signatures
Pursuant to the requirements of Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, the Registrant has duly caused this report to be signed on its behalf
by the undersigned, thereunto duly authorized, on February 26, 2025.
NVIDIA Corporation
By:
/s/ Jen-Hsun Huang 
 
Jen-Hsun Huang
 
President and Chief Executive Officer
Power of Attorney
KNOW ALL PERSONS BY THESE PRESENTS, that each person whose signature appears below constitutes and appoints Jen-Hsun Huang and Colette M.
Kress, and each or any one of them, his true and lawful attorney-in-fact and agent, with full power of substitution and resubstitution, for him and in his name,
place and stead, in any and all capacities, to sign any and all amendments to this report, and to file the same, with all exhibits thereto, and other documents in
connection therewith, with the Securities and Exchange Commission, granting unto said attorneys-in-facts and agents, and each of them, full power and
authority to do and perform each and every act and thing requisite and necessary to be done in connection therewith, as fully to all intents and purposes as he
might or could do in person, hereby ratifying and confirming all that said attorneys-in-fact and agents, or any of them, or their or his substitutes or substitutes,
may lawfully do or cause to be done by virtue hereof.
86

Pursuant to the requirements of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, this report has been signed below by the following persons on behalf of the registrant and
in the capacities and on the dates indicated.
Signature
Title
Date
/s/ JEN-HSUN HUANG 
President, Chief Executive Officer and Director
(Principal Executive Officer)
February 26, 2025
Jen-Hsun Huang
 
/s/ COLETTE M. KRESS 
Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer
(Principal Financial Officer)
February 26, 2025
Colette M. Kress
 
/s/ DONALD ROBERTSON
Vice President and Chief Accounting Officer
(Principal Accounting Officer)
February 26, 2025
Donald Robertson
/s/ ROBERT K. BURGESS
Director
February 26, 2025
Robert K. Burgess
/s/ TENCH COXE  
Director
February 26, 2025
Tench Coxe 
 
/s/ JOHN O. DABIRI
Director
February 26, 2025
John O. Dabiri
 
/s/ PERSIS S. DRELL
Director
February 26, 2025
Persis S. Drell
/s/ DAWN HUDSON
Director
February 26, 2025
Dawn Hudson
/s/ HARVEY C. JONES 
Director
February 26, 2025
Harvey C. Jones
 
/s/ MELISSA B. LORA
Director
February 26, 2025
Melissa B. Lora
/s/ STEPHEN C. NEAL
Director
February 26, 2025
Stephen C. Neal
/s/ ELLEN OCHOA
Director
February 26, 2025
Ellen Ochoa
/s/ A. BROOKE SEAWELL
Director
February 26, 2025
A. Brooke Seawell 
/s/ AARTI SHAH
Director
February 26, 2025
Aarti Shah
/s/ MARK A. STEVENS
Director
February 26, 2025
Mark A. Stevens 
 
87

Exhibit 4.6
DESCRIPTION OF THE REGISTRANT’S SECURITIES
REGISTERED PURSUANT TO SECTION 12 OF THE SECURITIES
EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934
NVIDIA Corporation (“we,” “our,” “us,” or the “Company”) has one class of securities registered under Section 12 of the Securities Exchange Act
of 1934, as amended: our common stock.
DESCRIPTION OF COMMON STOCK
General
The following summary of the terms of our common stock is based upon our restated certificate of incorporation, as amended (“certificate of
incorporation”), and our amended and restated bylaws (“bylaws”). This summary does not purport to be complete and is subject to, and is
qualified in its entirety by express reference to, the applicable provisions of our certificate of incorporation and our bylaws, which are filed as
exhibits to our Annual Report on Form 10-K, of which this Exhibit 4.6 is a part, and are incorporated by reference herein. We encourage you to
read our certificate of incorporation, our bylaws, and the applicable provisions of the Delaware General Corporation Law (the “DGCL”) for more
information.
Our authorized capital stock consists of 80,000,000,000 shares of common stock, $0.001 par value, and 2,000,000 shares of preferred stock,
$0.001 par value.
Common Stock
The holders of common stock are entitled to one vote for each share held of record on all matters submitted to a vote of the stockholders. The
holders of common stock are not entitled to cumulative voting rights with respect to the election of directors, and as a consequence, minority
stockholders are not able to elect directors on the basis of their votes alone. Subject to preferences that may be applicable to any shares of
preferred stock currently outstanding or issued in the future, holders of common stock are entitled to receive ratably such dividends as may be
declared by our board of directors out of funds legally available therefor. In the event of our liquidation, dissolution or winding up, holders of our
common stock are entitled to share ratably in all assets remaining after payment of liabilities and the liquidation preference of any then
outstanding preferred stock. Holders of common stock have no preemptive rights and no right to convert their common stock into any other
securities. There are no redemption or sinking fund provisions applicable to the common stock.
Anti-Takeover Effects of Provisions of Delaware Law and Our Charter Documents
Certificate of Incorporation and Bylaws
Stockholders have no cumulative voting rights.
Our certificate of incorporation also requires that any action required or permitted to be taken by our stockholders must be effected at a duly
called annual or special meeting of the stockholders and may not be effected by a consent in writing and that the stockholders may amend our
bylaws or adopt new bylaws only by the affirmative vote of 66 2/3% of the outstanding voting securities in addition to any vote of the holders of
any class or series of stock of the corporation required by law or by our certificate of incorporation.
A special meeting of the stockholders may be called by:
•
our Chairman, if any;
•
our Chief Executive Officer;

•
a resolution adopted by a majority of the total number of authorized directors; or
•
stockholders of record “owning” (as defined in the Bylaws) at least 15% of the voting power of all the then-outstanding shares of voting
stock of the Company who have owned such shares continuously for at least one year, provided that the stockholders satisfy the
disclosure, timing and other requirements intended to ensure that stockholders receive adequate, timely and accurate information in
connection with a special meeting and avoid the unnecessary use of resources that would result from holding multiple stockholder
meetings in a short time period.
These provisions may have the effect of delaying, deferring or preventing a change in control.
The lack of cumulative voting could make it more difficult for our existing stockholders to replace our board of directors as well as for another
party to obtain control of us by replacing our board of directors. Since our board of directors has the power to retain and discharge our officers,
these provisions could also make it more difficult for existing stockholders or another party to effect a change in management.
These and other provisions may have the effect of deterring hostile takeovers or delaying changes in control or management. These provisions
are intended to enhance the likelihood of continued stability in the composition of our board of directors and in the policies of our board of
directors and to discourage certain types of transactions that may involve an actual or threatened change in control. These provisions are
designed to reduce our vulnerability to an unsolicited acquisition proposal. The provisions are also intended to discourage certain tactics that
may be used in proxy fights. However, such provisions could have the effect of discouraging others from making tender offers for our shares
and, as a consequence, such provisions may also inhibit fluctuations in the market price of our shares that could result from actual or rumored
takeover attempts. Such provisions may also have the effect of preventing changes in our management.
Section 203 of the DGCL
We are subject to Section 203 of the DGCL, which, subject to certain exceptions, prohibits a Delaware corporation from engaging in a “business
combination” with any “interested stockholder” for a period of three years following the time that such stockholder became an “interested
stockholder,” unless:
•
prior to such time, the board of directors of the corporation approved either the business combination or the transaction that resulted in
the stockholder becoming an interested stockholder;
•
upon consummation of the transaction that resulted in the stockholder becoming an interested stockholder, the interested stockholder
owned at least 85% of the voting stock of the corporation outstanding at the time the transaction commenced, excluding for purposes of
determining the voting stock outstanding those shares owned (a) by persons who are directors and also officers and (b) by employee
stock plans in which employee participants do not have the right to determine confidentially whether shares held subject to the plan will
be tendered in a tender or exchange offer; or
•
at or subsequent to such time the business combination is approved by the board of directors and authorized at an annual or special
meeting of stockholders, and not by written consent, by the affirmative vote of at least 66 2/3% of the outstanding voting stock which is
not owned by the interested stockholder.
In general, Section 203 of the DGCL defines “business combination” to include the following:
•
any merger or consolidation involving the corporation and the interested stockholder;
•
any sale, transfer, pledge or other disposition of 10% or more of the assets of the corporation involving the interested stockholder;

•
subject to certain exceptions, any transaction that results in the issuance or transfer by the corporation of any stock of the corporation to
the interested stockholder;
•
any transaction involving the corporation that has the effect of increasing the proportionate share of the stock of any class or series of
the corporation beneficially owned by the interested stockholder; or
•
the receipt by the interested stockholder of the benefit of any loans, advances, guarantees, pledges or other financial benefits provided
by or through the corporation.
In general, Section 203 of the DGCL defines “interested stockholder” as an entity or person who beneficially owns (or within three years did own)
15% or more of the outstanding voting stock of the corporation and any entity or person affiliated with, controlling, controlled by or is under
common control with such entity or person.
Certain Transactions
Our bylaws provide that we indemnify our directors and executive officers to the fullest extent permitted by the DGCL and any other applicable
law. We are also empowered under our bylaws to indemnify other officers, employees and other agents as set forth in the DGCL or any other
applicable law, to enter into indemnification contracts with our directors and executive officers and to purchase insurance on behalf of any person
whom we are required or permitted to indemnify.
In addition, our certificate of incorporation provides that the liability of our directors for monetary damages shall be eliminated or limited to the
fullest extent permissible under the DGCL. Pursuant to the DGCL, our directors shall not be liable for monetary damages for breach of the
directors’ fiduciary duty of care to us and our stockholders. However, this provision does not eliminate the duty of care, and in appropriate
circumstances, equitable remedies such as injunctive or other forms of non-monetary relief that will remain available under the DGCL. In
addition, each director will continue to be subject to liability for (1) breach of the director’s duty of loyalty to us or our stockholders, (2) acts or
omissions not in good faith or which involve intentional misconduct or a knowing violation of law, (3) violating Section 174 of the DGCL, or (4)
any transaction from which the director derived an improper personal benefit. The provision also does not affect a director’s responsibilities
under any other law, such as the federal securities laws or state or federal environmental laws.
Transfer Agent and Registrar
Computershare is the transfer agent and registrar for our common stock. Computershare’s address is 150 Royall Street, Canton, Massachusetts
02021.
Listing
Our common stock is listed on the Nasdaq Global Select Market under the symbol “NVDA.”

NVIDIA Corporation
Global Restricted Stock Unit Grant Notice
Amended & Restated 2007 Equity Incentive Plan
NVIDIA Corporation (the “Company”), pursuant to its Amended & Restated 2007 Equity Incentive Plan (the “Plan”), hereby awards to Participant a
Restricted Stock Unit Award for the number of restricted stock units (the “Restricted Stock Units”) set forth below (the “Award”). The Award is subject
to all of the terms and conditions as set forth in this Grant Notice, in the attached Global Restricted Stock Unit Agreement, including any additional terms
and conditions for Participant’s country set forth in any appendix thereto (the “Appendix”), and in the Plan, the latter two being incorporated by
reference herein. Capitalized terms not otherwise defined in this Grant Notice or the Global Restricted Stock Unit Agreement (including the Appendix)
(collectively, the “Agreement”) will have the meanings set forth in the Plan. In the event of any conflict between the terms in this Agreement and the
Plan, the terms of the Plan will control.
Participant:                
Date of Grant:                
Vesting Commencement Date:                
Number of Restricted Stock Units/Shares Subject to Award:            
sting Schedule:     Subject to Participant’s Continuous Service through each applicable vesting date and subject to Section 2(d) of the Agreement, this
Award will vest as follows: __________. However, if Participant’s Continuous Service terminates prior to such date(s) due to
Participant’s death, this Award will become fully vested, as further described in Section 2(b) of the Agreement.
uance Schedule:    The Company will issue one share of Common Stock for each Restricted Stock Unit that has vested under this Award at the time set
forth in Section 6 of the Agreement.
Additional Terms/Acknowledgements: Participant acknowledges receipt of, and understands and agrees to, all of the terms and conditions set forth in
the Agreement and the Plan. Participant acknowledges and agrees that the Agreement may not be modified, amended or revised except as provided in
the Plan or the Agreement. Participant further acknowledges that as of the Date of Grant, the Agreement sets forth the entire understanding between
Participant and the Company regarding this Award, and supersedes all prior oral and written agreements on that subject with the exception, if applicable,
of: (i) the current written employment agreement entered into between the Service Recipient (as defined in Section 9 of the Global Restricted Stock Unit
Agreement) and Participant expressly specifying the terms that should govern this Award; (ii) the Company’s insider trading policy; and (iii) any
compensation recovery policy that is adopted by the Company or one of its Affiliates or is otherwise required by applicable law. By accepting this Award,
Participant consents to receive Plan documents by electronic delivery and to participate in the Plan through an on-line or electronic system established
and maintained by the Company or a third party designated by the Company.
NVIDIA Corporation    Participant:
By:             
   Signature    Signature
Title:         Date:     
Date:    
Effective Date: January 23, 2025

Attachment I
NVIDIA Corporation
Amended & Restated 2007 Equity Incentive Plan
Global Restricted Stock Unit Agreement
Pursuant to the Global Restricted Stock Unit Grant Notice (“Grant Notice”) and this Global Restricted Stock Unit Agreement (including
any additional terms and conditions for your country set forth in the appendix attached hereto (the “Appendix”)) (collectively, the “Agreement”),
NVIDIA Corporation (the “Company”) has awarded you a Restricted Stock Unit Award (the “Award”) under its Amended & Restated 2007 Equity
Incentive Plan (the “Plan”). This Award is granted to you effective as of the date of grant set forth in the Grant Notice (the “Date of Grant”).
Capitalized terms not explicitly defined in this Agreement will have the same meanings given to them in the Plan.
1.
Grant of the Award. The Award represents the right to be issued on a future date one share of Common Stock for each Restricted
Stock Unit that vests under this Award, subject to the terms and conditions provided in this Agreement and in the Plan. As of the Date of Grant,
the Company will credit to a bookkeeping account maintained by the Company for your benefit (the “Account”) the number of Restricted Stock
Units subject to the Award. Except as otherwise provided in this Agreement, you will not be required to make any payment to the Company with
respect to your receipt of the Award, the vesting of the Restricted Stock Units or the delivery of the underlying Common Stock.
2.
Vesting.
(a)
Subject to the limitations contained in this Agreement, your Award will vest, if at all, in accordance with the vesting schedule provided in
the Grant Notice, including any special acceleration provisions, as applicable, contained in the Grant Notice.
(b)
Vesting will cease upon the termination of your Continuous Service, except if such termination is due to your death, in which case
vesting will accelerate as described in the Grant Notice (and subject to any other acceleration provided for in the Grant Notice or the Plan).
Notwithstanding anything to the contrary in the Plan, if vesting accelerates as a result of the termination of your Continuous Service due to your
death, such acceleration will occur on the date of your death (or as soon as administratively practicable thereafter); provided, however, that: (i)
such acceleration may be delayed until the date the Company receives written notification of your death from the executor or administrator of
your estate (or your beneficiary, if applicable); (ii) the Company may require the executor or administrator of your estate (or your beneficiary, if
applicable) to provide certain information to the Company (including, but not limited to, tax-related information), to the extent permissible under
applicable law; and (iii) notwithstanding anything to the contrary in this Agreement, any shares of Common Stock that are issuable as a result of
such acceleration will be issued no later than the Issuance Deadline (as defined in Section 6(b) of this Agreement).
(c)
On the termination of your Continuous Service (for any reason other than death), the Restricted Stock Units credited to the Account that
were not vested on the date of such termination (and are not accelerated pursuant to any acceleration provided for in the Grant Notice or the
Plan) will be forfeited and returned to the Company at no cost to the Company and you will have no further right, title or interest in or to such
Restricted Stock Units or the underlying shares of Common Stock. For the avoidance of doubt, Continuous Service during only a period prior to
a vesting date (but where Continuous Service has terminated prior to the vesting date) does not entitle you to vest in a pro-rata portion of the
Restricted Stock Units on such date.
(d)
Notwithstanding anything to the contrary in the Grant Notice or this Agreement, and subject to applicable law, (i) in the event your regular
level of time commitment in the performance of your services for the Company or any Affiliate is reduced after the Date of Grant, a
corresponding reduction shall be made (rounded down to the nearest whole share) in the number of shares of Common Stock subject to any
portion of your Award that is scheduled to vest or become payable after the date of such change in time commitment, and (ii) in the event you go
on an approved personal leave of absence pursuant to the Company’s Personal Leave of Absence Policy
    1.
Effective Date: January 23, 2025

(the “PLOA Policy”) and the leave exceeds a certain duration, vesting of your Award shall be suspended during a portion of the leave and upon
your return, the vesting schedule of your Award shall be extended accordingly, as described in the PLOA Policy. In the event of a reduction
described in (d)(i), you will have no right with respect to any portion of your unvested Award and the number of shares of Common Stock that are
reduced.
3.
Number of Restricted Stock Units and Shares of Common Stock.
(a)
The number of Restricted Stock Units (and the related shares of Common Stock) subject to your Award will be adjusted from time to time
for Capitalization Adjustments, as provided in the Plan.
(b)
Any Restricted Stock Units, shares, cash or other property that become subject to the Award as a result of a Capitalization Adjustment, if
any, will be subject to the same forfeiture restrictions, restrictions on transferability, and time and manner of delivery as applicable to the other
shares covered by your Award.
(c)
No fractional shares or rights for fractional shares of Common Stock will be created by this Section 3. The Board will round down, to the
nearest whole share or whole unit of rights, any fractional shares or rights for fractional shares.
4.
Compliance with Law. You will not be issued any shares under your Award unless either (a) the shares are registered under the
Securities Act; or (b) the Company has determined that such issuance would be exempt from the registration requirements of the Securities Act.
Your Award also must comply with other applicable laws and regulations governing the Award, including any U.S. and non-U.S. state, federal
and local laws, and you will not receive such shares if the Company determines that such receipt would not be in material compliance with such
laws and regulations.
5.
Limitations on Transfer. Your Award is not transferable, except by will or by the laws of descent and distribution. In addition to any
other limitation on transfer created by applicable securities or other laws, you agree not to assign, hypothecate, donate, encumber or otherwise
dispose of any interest in any of the shares of Common Stock subject to the Award until the shares are issued to you. After the shares have been
issued to you, you are free to assign, hypothecate, donate, encumber or otherwise dispose of any interest in such shares, provided that any
such actions are in compliance with the provisions in this Agreement and applicable securities or other laws. If permitted by the Board and valid
under applicable law, you may, by delivering written notice to the Company’s designated broker, pursuant to a form provided by such broker,
designate a third party who, in the event of your death, will thereafter be entitled to receive any distribution of Common Stock to which you were
entitled at the time of your death pursuant to this Agreement.
6.
Date of Issuance.
(a)
The issuance of shares of Common Stock in respect of the Restricted Stock Units is intended to comply with Treasury Regulations
Section 1.409A-1(b)(4) and will be construed and administered in such a manner to the extent applicable. The form of such issuance (e.g., a
stock certificate or electronic entry evidencing such shares) will be determined by the Company.
(b)
Subject to the satisfaction of any withholding obligation for Tax-Related Items (as defined in Section 10 of this Agreement) and Section
6(c) of this Agreement, in the event one or more Restricted Stock Units vests, the Company will issue to you, on the applicable vesting date (or
as soon as administratively practicable thereafter), one share of Common Stock for each Restricted Stock Unit that vests (and for purposes of
this Agreement, such issuance date is referred to as the “Original Issuance Date”); provided, however, that the Original Issuance Date will in all
cases occur no later than the Issuance Deadline. For purposes of this Agreement, the “Issuance Deadline” means the latest of the following, as
applicable: (i) December 31 of the calendar year in which the applicable vesting date occurs (that is, the last day of your taxable year in which
the applicable vesting date occurs); (ii) if permitted in a manner that complies with Treasury Regulations Section 1.409A-1(b)(4), the last day of
the period set forth in Treasury Regulations Section 1.409A-1(b)(4)(i)(A); or (iii) any date that is permitted without incurring adverse tax
consequences under Section 409A of the Code.
    2.
Effective Date: January 23, 2025

(c)
If (i) this Award is subject to any withholding obligations for Tax-Related Items (as defined in Section 10 below) on the Original Issuance
Date, (ii) the Original Issuance Date does not occur (1) during an “open window period” applicable to you, as determined by the Company in
accordance with the Company’s then-effective policy on trading in Company securities, or (2) on a date when you are otherwise permitted to sell
shares of Common Stock on an established stock exchange or stock market (including but not limited to under a previously established
Company-approved 10b5-1 trading plan), and (iii) the Company elects, prior to the Original Issuance Date, (1) not to satisfy any withholding
obligations for Tax-Related Items (as defined in Section 10 below) by withholding shares of Common Stock from the shares otherwise due, on
the Original Issuance Date, to you under this Award, (2) not to permit you to enter into a “same day sale” commitment with a broker-dealer
pursuant to this Agreement (including but not limited to a commitment under a previously established Company-approved 10b5-1 trading plan)
and (3) not to permit you to cover any withholding obligations for Tax-Related Items (as defined in Section 10 below) in cash, then the shares
that would otherwise be issued to you on the Original Issuance Date will not be issued on such Original Issuance Date and will instead be issued
on the first business day when you are not prohibited from selling shares of Common Stock on an established stock exchange or stock market or
on such other date determined by the Company, but in no event later than the Issuance Deadline.
7.
Dividends. You will receive no benefit or adjustment to your Award and any unissued shares thereunder with respect to any cash
dividend, stock dividend or other distribution that does not result from a Capitalization Adjustment. Following the date of vesting, in the event of
any cash dividend, stock dividend or other distribution that does not result from a Capitalization Adjustment, no cash, stock or other property
related to such dividend or distribution will be issuable in respect of your vested Restricted Stock Units.
8.
Restrictive Legends. The shares of Common Stock issued under your Award will be endorsed with appropriate legends if determined
by the Company that legends are required under applicable law or otherwise.
9.
Award not a Service Contract.
(a)
Your Continuous Service with the Company or, if different, the Affiliate that employs you or for which you otherwise render services (the
“Service Recipient”) is not for any specified term and, if permitted under applicable law, may be terminated by you or by the Service Recipient
at any time, for any reason, with or without cause and with or without notice. Nothing in this Agreement (including, but not limited to, the vesting
of your Award pursuant to the schedule set forth in the Grant Notice or the issuance of the shares subject to your Award), the Plan or any
covenant of good faith and fair dealing that may be found implicit in this Agreement or the Plan will: (i) confer upon you any right to continue in
the employ of, or continue an affiliation or other service relationship with the Service Recipient; (ii) constitute any promise or commitment by the
Company, the Service Recipient or any other Affiliate regarding the fact or nature of future positions, future work assignments, future
compensation or any other term or condition of employment or affiliation; (iii) confer any right or benefit under this Agreement or the Plan unless
such right or benefit has specifically accrued under the terms of this Agreement or Plan; or (iv) deprive the Service Recipient of the right to
terminate you at any time and without regard to any future vesting opportunity that you may have. The grant of the Award shall not be interpreted
as forming or amending an employment or service contract with the Company or the Service Recipient.
(b)
By accepting this Award, you acknowledge and agree that the right to continue vesting in the Award is earned only through Continuous
Service (not through the act of being hired, being granted this Award or any other award or benefit) and that the Company has the right to
reorganize, sell, spin-out or otherwise restructure one or more of its businesses or Affiliates at any time or from time to time, as it deems
appropriate (a “reorganization”). You further acknowledge and agree that such a reorganization could result in the termination of your
Continuous Service, or the termination of Affiliate status of the Service Recipient and the loss of benefits available to you under this Agreement,
including but not limited to, the termination of the right to continue vesting in the Award. You further acknowledge and agree that this Agreement,
the Plan, the transactions contemplated hereunder and the vesting schedule set forth in this Agreement or any covenant of good faith and fair
dealing that may be found implicit in any of them do not constitute an express or implied promise of continued engagement as an Employee or
Consultant for the term of this Agreement, for any period, or at all, and will not interfere in any way with your right or the right of the Service
Recipient to terminate your Continuous Service at any time, with or without cause and,
    3.
Effective Date: January 23, 2025

if permitted under applicable law, with or without notice, and will not interfere in any way with the Company’s right to conduct a reorganization.
10.
Responsibility for Taxes.
(a)
You acknowledge that, regardless of any action the Company or the Service Recipient takes with respect to any or all income tax, social
insurance, payroll tax, fringe benefit tax, payment on account or other tax related items related to your participation in the Plan and legally
applicable to you or deemed by the Company or the Service Recipient, in its discretion, to be an appropriate charge to you even if legally
applicable to the Company or the Service Recipient (“Tax-Related Items”), the ultimate liability for all Tax-Related Items is and remains your
responsibility and may exceed the amount actually withheld by the Company or the Service Recipient, if any. You further acknowledge that the
Company and/or the Service Recipient (i) make no representations or undertakings regarding the treatment of any Tax-Related Items in
connection with any aspect of your Restricted Stock Units or the underlying shares of Common Stock, including, but not limited to, the grant of
the Restricted Stock Units, the vesting and settlement of the Restricted Stock Units, the delivery or sale of any shares of Common Stock and the
issuance of any dividends, and (ii) do not commit to and are under no obligation to structure the terms of the grant or any aspect of your Award
to reduce or eliminate your liability for Tax-Related Items or achieve any particular tax result. You acknowledge and agree that you will not make
any claim against the Company, or any of its Officers, Directors, Employees or Affiliates (including the Service Recipient) for Tax-Related Items
arising from your Award. Further, if you are subject to Tax-Related Items in more than one jurisdiction, you acknowledge that the Company
and/or the Service Recipient may be required to withhold or account for Tax-Related Items in more than one jurisdiction.
(b)
In connection with the relevant taxable or tax withholding event, as applicable, you agree to make adequate arrangements satisfactorily
to the Company and/or the Service Recipient to satisfy all Tax-Related Items. In this regard, you authorize the Company and/or the Service
Recipient, or their respective agents, at their discretion, to satisfy their withholding obligations or rights, if any, with regard to all Tax-Related
Items by one or a combination of the following: (i) withholding from your wages or any other cash compensation otherwise payable to you; (ii)
causing you to tender a cash payment or requiring you to make a payment in another form acceptable to the Company; (iii) permitting or
requiring you to enter into a “same day sale” commitment with a broker-dealer that is a member of the Financial Industry Regulatory Authority (a
“FINRA Dealer”) (if required, pursuant to this authorization and without further consent) whereby you irrevocably elect to sell a portion of the
shares to be delivered upon settlement of your Restricted Stock Units to satisfy the Tax-Related Items and whereby the FINRA Dealer
irrevocably commits to forward the proceeds necessary to satisfy the withholding obligation for Tax-Related Items directly to the Company and/or
the Service Recipient, including a commitment pursuant to a previously established Company-approved 10b5-1 plan; (iv) withholding shares of
Common Stock from the shares of Common Stock issued or otherwise issuable to you upon settlement of the Award with a value equal to the
amount of such withholding obligation for Tax-Related Items or such other amount as may be permitted while still avoiding classification of the
Award as a liability for financial accounting purposes; provided, however, that if you are an Officer, then the Company will withhold a number of
shares of Common Stock upon the relevant taxable or tax withholding event, as applicable, unless the use of such withholding method is not
feasible under applicable law or has materially adverse accounting consequences, as determined by the Board, in its sole discretion, in which
case, any withholding obligation for Tax-Related Items may be satisfied by one or a combination of methods (i)-(iii) above; and/or (v) any other
method of withholding determined by the Company, provided such method is compliant with applicable law and the Plan.
(c)
The Company and/or the Service Recipient may withhold or account for Tax-Related Items by considering statutory or other withholding
rates, including maximum rates applicable in your jurisdiction(s). In the event of over-withholding, you may receive a refund of any over-withheld
amount in cash from the Company or the Service Recipient (with no entitlement to the Common Stock equivalent), or if not refunded, you may
seek a refund from the local tax authorities. In the event of under-withholding, you may be required to pay any Tax-Related Items directly to the
applicable tax authority or to the Company and/or the Service Recipient. Maximum tax rates are based on the applicable rates in your country,
including your share of payroll or similar taxes, as provided in tax law, regulations, or the tax authority’s administrative practices, not to exceed
the highest rate in that jurisdiction, even if that rate exceeds the highest rate that may be applicable to you. If any withholding obligation for Tax-
Related Items is satisfied by withholding a number of shares of Common Stock, for tax purposes, you will be deemed to have been issued the
full number of shares of Common Stock subject to the vested Restricted Stock Units, notwithstanding that a
    4.
Effective Date: January 23, 2025

number of the shares of Common Stock is held back solely for the purpose of paying the Tax-Related Items.
(d)
Unless any withholding obligation for Tax-Related Items is satisfied, the Company will have no obligation to deliver to you any shares of
Common Stock or other consideration pursuant to this Award.
(e)
In the event any obligation to withhold arises prior to the delivery to you of shares of Common Stock or it is determined after the delivery
of shares of Common Stock to you that the amount of the withholding obligation was greater than the amount withheld, if anything, you agree to
indemnify and hold the Company and/or the Service Recipient harmless from any failure by the Company and/or the Service Recipient to
withhold the proper amount.
11.
Nature of Grant. By accepting your Award, you acknowledge, understand and agree that:
(a)
the Plan is established voluntarily by the Company, it is discretionary in nature and it may be modified, amended,
suspended or terminated by the Company at any time, to the extent permitted by the Plan;
(b)
the Plan is operated and the Award granted solely by the Company and only the Company is a party to this Agreement;
accordingly, any rights you may have under this Agreement may be raised only against the Company but not any Affiliate (including, but not
limited to, the Service Recipient);
(c)
no Affiliate (including, but not limited to, the Service Recipient) has any obligation to make any payment of any kind
under this Agreement;
(d)
the Award is exceptional, voluntary and occasional and does not create any contractual or other right to receive future
Awards (whether on the same or different terms), or benefits in lieu of an Award, even if an Award has been granted in the past;
(e)
all decisions with respect to future Awards, if any, will be at the sole discretion of the Company;
(f)
the Award is granted as an incentive for future services and in no event should be considered as compensation for, or
relating in any way to, past services for the Company, the Service Recipient or any other Affiliate;
(g)
you are voluntarily participating in the Plan;
(h)
the Award and the shares of Common Stock subject to the Award, and the income from and value of same, are an
extraordinary item which, if the Service Recipient is not the Company, does not constitute compensation of any kind for services of any kind
rendered to the Service Recipient, and is outside the scope of your employment or other service contract, if any;
(i)
the Award and the shares of Common Stock subject to the Award, and the income from and value of same, are not
intended to replace any pension rights or compensation;
(j)
the Award and the shares of Common Stock subject to the Award, and the income from and value of same, are not part
of normal or expected compensation for purposes of, without limitation, calculating any severance, resignation, termination, redundancy,
dismissal, end-of-service payments, bonuses, long-service awards, holiday allowance, pension or retirement or welfare benefits or similar
payments under any employee benefit plan sponsored by the Company or any Affiliate, except as such plan otherwise expressly provides (and
the Company expressly reserves its rights to amend, modify, or terminate any of the Company’s or any Affiliate’s employee benefit plans);
    5.
Effective Date: January 23, 2025

(k)
the future value of the underlying shares of Common Stock is unknown, indeterminable, and cannot be predicted with
certainty;
(l)
no claim or entitlement to compensation or damages shall arise from forfeiture of the Award resulting from the
termination of your Continuous Service (for any reason except for your death and whether or not later found to be invalid or in breach of
employment laws in the jurisdiction where you are employed or otherwise rendering services or the terms of your employment or other service
agreement, if any);
(m)
unless otherwise provided herein, in the Plan or by the Company in its discretion, the Award and the benefits evidenced
by this Agreement do not create any entitlement to have the Award or any such benefits transferred to, or assumed by, another company nor to
be exchanged, cashed out or substituted for, in connection with any corporate transaction affecting the shares of Common Stock;
(n)
unless otherwise agreed with the Company in writing, the Award and the shares of Common Stock subject to the Award,
and the income from and value of same, are not granted as consideration for, or in connection with, the service you may provide as a director of
an Affiliate; and
(o)
if you are in Continuous Service outside the United States:
i.
the Award and the shares of Common Stock subject to the Award, and the income from and value of same, are
not part of normal or expected compensation for any purpose; and
ii.
neither the Company, the Service Recipient nor any other Affiliate shall be liable for any foreign exchange rate
fluctuation between your local currency and the United States Dollar that may affect the value of the Award or of any amounts due to you
pursuant to the vesting of the Award or the subsequent sale of any shares of Common Stock acquired upon settlement.
12.
No Advice Regarding Grant. The Company is not providing any tax, legal or financial advice, nor is the Company making any
recommendations regarding your participation in the Plan, or your acquisition or sale of the underlying shares of Common Stock. You should
consult with your own personal tax, financial and/or legal advisors regarding your participation in the Plan, and by accepting this Award, you
have agreed that you have done so or knowingly and voluntarily declined to do so.
13.
Unsecured Obligation. Your Award is unfunded, and as a holder of an Award, you will be considered an unsecured creditor of the
Company with respect to the Company’s obligation, if any, to issue shares pursuant to this Agreement upon vesting of the Award. You will not
have voting or any other rights as a stockholder of the Company with respect to the shares to be issued pursuant to this Agreement until such
shares are issued to you. Upon such issuance, you will obtain full voting and other rights as a stockholder of the Company. Nothing contained in
this Agreement, and no action taken pursuant to its provisions, will create or be construed to create a trust of any kind or a fiduciary relationship
between you and the Company or any other person.
14.
Other Documents. You hereby acknowledge receipt or the right to receive a document providing the information required by Rule
428(b)(1) promulgated under the Securities Act, which includes the Plan prospectus. In addition, you acknowledge receipt of the Company’s
policy permitting certain individuals to sell shares only during certain “window” periods and the Company’s insider trading policy, in effect from
time to time and understand that this policy applies to shares received under this Award.
15.
Notices; Electronic Delivery/Acceptance. Any notices provided for in your Award or the Plan will be given in writing and will be
deemed effectively given upon receipt or, in the case of
    6.
Effective Date: January 23, 2025

notices delivered by the Company to you, five (5) days after deposit in the United States mail, postage prepaid, addressed to you at the last
address you provided to the Company. Notwithstanding the foregoing, the Company may, in its sole discretion, decide to deliver any documents
and transmit or require you to transmit notices related to participation in the Plan and this Award by electronic means. You hereby consent to
receive such documents and notices, and to give such notices, by electronic delivery and to participate in the Plan through the on-line or
electronic system established and maintained by the Company or a third party designated by the Company from time to time.
16.
Governing Plan Document/Recoupment. Your Award is subject to all the provisions of the Plan, the provisions of which are hereby
made a part of your Award, and is further subject to all interpretations, amendments, rules and regulations which may from time to time be
promulgated and adopted pursuant to the Plan. In addition, this Award (and any shares issued under this Award) is subject to recoupment in
accordance with the Dodd–Frank Wall Street Reform and Consumer Protection Act and any implementing regulations thereunder, the
Company’s Compensation Recovery Policy, as amended from time to time, and any other clawback policy that the Company adopts or is
required to adopt, to the extent applicable to you and permissible under applicable law.
17.
Language. You acknowledge that you are sufficiently proficient in the English language, or have consulted with an advisor who is
sufficiently proficient in English, so as to allow you to understand the terms and conditions of this Agreement. Further, if you have received this
Agreement or any other document related to the Plan translated into a language other than English and if the meaning of the translated version
is different than the English version, the English version will control, unless otherwise required by applicable law.
18.
Insider Trading Restrictions/Market Abuse Laws. You may be subject to insider trading restrictions and/or market abuse laws based
on the exchange on which the shares of Common Stock are listed and in applicable jurisdictions, including the United States and your country or
your broker’s country, if different, which may affect your ability to accept, acquire, sell or otherwise dispose of shares of Common Stock, rights to
shares of Common Stock (e.g., Restricted Stock Units) or rights linked to the value of shares of Common Stock during such times as you are
considered to have “inside information” regarding the Company (as defined by the laws in applicable jurisdictions). Local insider trading laws and
regulations may prohibit the cancellation or amendment of orders you placed before you possessed inside information. Furthermore, you could
be prohibited from (i) disclosing the inside information to any third party, which may include fellow employees and (ii) “tipping” third parties or
causing them otherwise to buy or sell securities. Any restrictions under these laws or regulations are separate from and in addition to any
restrictions that may be imposed under any applicable insider trading policy of the Company. You acknowledge that it is your responsibility to
comply with any applicable restrictions and you should speak with your personal legal advisor on this matter.
19.
Foreign Assets/Account and Tax Reporting, Exchange Controls. Your country may have certain foreign asset, account and/or tax
reporting requirements and exchange controls which may affect your ability to acquire or hold shares of Common Stock under the Plan or cash
received from participating in the Plan (including from any dividends received or sale proceeds arising from the sale of shares of Common Stock)
in a brokerage or bank account outside your country. You understand that you may be required to report such accounts, assets or transactions to
the tax or other authorities in your country. You also may be required to repatriate sale proceeds or other funds received as a result of
participation in the Plan to your country through a designated bank or broker and/or within a certain time after receipt. In addition, you may be
subject to tax payment and/or reporting obligations in connection with any income realized under the Plan and/or from the sale of shares of
Common Stock. You acknowledge that you are responsible for complying with all such requirements, and that you should consult personal legal
and tax advisors, as applicable, to ensure compliance.
20.
Appendix. Notwithstanding any provisions in this Agreement, your Award shall be subject to any additional terms and conditions for your
country set forth in the Appendix attached hereto as Attachment II. Moreover, if you relocate to one of the countries included therein, the terms
and conditions for such country, if any, will apply to you to the extent the Company determines that the application of such terms and conditions
is necessary or advisable for legal or administrative reasons. The Appendix constitutes part of this Agreement.
    7.
Effective Date: January 23, 2025

21.
Imposition of Other Requirements. The Company reserves the right to impose other requirements on your participation in the Plan, on
the Award and on any shares of Common Stock acquired under the Plan, to the extent the Company determines it is necessary or advisable for
legal or administrative reasons.
22.
Severability. If all or any part of this Agreement or the Plan is declared by any court or governmental authority to be unlawful or invalid,
such unlawfulness or invalidity will not invalidate any portion of this Agreement or the Plan not declared to be unlawful or invalid. Any Section of
this Agreement (or part of such a Section) so declared to be unlawful or invalid will, if possible, be construed in a manner which will give effect to
the terms of such Section or part of a Section to the fullest extent possible while remaining lawful and valid.
23.
Governing Law/Venue. The interpretation, performance and enforcement of this Agreement will be governed by the law of the state of
Delaware without regard to such state’s conflicts of laws rules. For purposes of litigating any dispute that arises directly or indirectly from the
relationship of the parties evidenced by this grant or the Agreement, the parties hereby submit to and consent to the exclusive jurisdiction of the
State of California and agree that such litigation shall be conducted only in the courts of Santa Clara County, California, or the federal courts for
the United States for the Northern District of California, and no other courts, where this grant is made and/or to be performed.
24.
Miscellaneous.
(a)
The rights and obligations of the Company under your Award will be transferable to any one or more persons or entities, and all
covenants and agreements hereunder will inure to the benefit of, and be enforceable by the Company’s successors and assigns. Your rights and
obligations under your Award may only be assigned with the prior written consent of the Company.
(b)
You agree upon request to execute any further documents or instruments necessary or desirable in the sole determination of the
Company to carry out the purposes or intent of your Award.
(c)
You acknowledge and agree that you have reviewed your Award in its entirety, have had an opportunity to obtain the advice of counsel
prior to executing and accepting your Award, and fully understand all provisions of your Award.
(d)
All obligations of the Company under the Plan and this Agreement will be binding on any successor to the Company, whether the
existence of such successor is the result of a direct or indirect purchase, merger, consolidation, or otherwise, of all or substantially all of the
business and/or assets of the Company.
25.
Amendment. Subject to Section 21 above, this Agreement may not be modified, amended or terminated except by an instrument in
writing, signed by you and by a duly authorized representative of the Company. Notwithstanding the foregoing, this Agreement may be amended
solely by the Board by a writing which specifically states that it is amending this Agreement, so long as a copy of such amendment is delivered to
you, and provided that no such amendment adversely affecting your rights hereunder may be made without your written consent. Without limiting
the foregoing, the Board reserves the right to change, by written notice to you, the provisions of this Agreement in any way it may deem
necessary or advisable to carry out the purpose of the grant as a result of any change in applicable laws or regulations or any future law,
regulation, ruling, or judicial decision, provided that any such change will be applicable only to rights relating to that portion of the Award which is
then subject to restrictions as provided in this Agreement.
26.
Compliance with Section 409A of the Code. This Award is intended to comply with U.S. Treasury Regulation Section 1.409A-1(b)(4)
and thus to not be treated as “deferred compensation”, and will be construed and administered in such a manner, and any ambiguous or missing
terms that may otherwise be supplied from and/or defined under Code Section 409A in a manner that fulfills such intention hereby incorporated
by reference. Each installment of Restricted Stock Units that vests hereunder is intended to constitute a “separate payment” for purposes of
Treasury Regulation Section 1.409A-2(b)(2). Notwithstanding the foregoing, if it is determined that the Award fails to satisfy the requirements of
the short-term deferral rule and is otherwise not exempt from, and determined to be deferred compensation subject to Code Section 409A, this
Award shall comply with Code Section 409A to the extent necessary to avoid adverse personal tax
    8.
Effective Date: January 23, 2025

consequences and any ambiguities herein shall be interpreted accordingly. If it is determined that the Award is deferred compensation subject to
Code Section 409A and you are a “specified employee” (as determined under Code Section 409A) on your “separation from service” (as defined
under Treasury Regulation Section 1.409A-1(h), without regard to any alternative definitions therein, a “Separation from Service”), then the
issuance of any shares, cash or other property that would otherwise be made on the date of your Separation from Service (or within the first six
months thereafter as a result of your Separation from Service) will not be made on the originally scheduled date(s) and will instead be issued in a
lump sum on the earlier of (i) the date that is six months and one day after the date of the Separation from Service or (ii) the date of your death,
but if and only if such delay in the issuance is necessary to avoid the imposition of taxation on you in respect of the shares, cash or property
under Code Section 409A.
    9.
Effective Date: January 23, 2025

NVIDIA Corporation
Global Restricted Stock Unit Grant Notice
Amended & Restated 2007 Equity Incentive Plan
NVIDIA Corporation (the “Company”), pursuant to its Amended & Restated 2007 Equity Incentive Plan (the “Plan”), hereby awards to Participant
a Restricted Stock Unit Award for the number of restricted stock units (the “Restricted Stock Units”) set forth below (the “Award”). The Award is
subject to all of the terms and conditions as set forth in this Grant Notice, in the attached Global Restricted Stock Unit Agreement, including any
additional terms and conditions for Participant’s country set forth in any appendix thereto (the “Appendix”), and in the Plan, the latter two being
incorporated by reference herein. Capitalized terms not otherwise defined in this Grant Notice or the Global Restricted Stock Unit Agreement
(including the Appendix) (collectively, the “Agreement”) will have the meanings set forth in the Plan. In the event of any conflict between the
terms in this Agreement and the Plan, the terms of the Plan will control.
Participant:        
Date of Grant:        
Vesting Commencement Date:        
Threshold Number of Restricted Stock Units/Shares Subject to Award:                
(“Threshold Award”)
Target Number of Restricted Stock Units/Shares Subject to Award:        
(“Target Award”)
Maximum Number of Restricted Stock Units/Shares Subject to Award:         
(“Maximum Award”)
Actual Award:        
Vesting Schedule:    [Subject to Participant’s Continuous Service through each such applicable vesting date, this award will vest as follows:
_____________________] [Single Year PSUs only] [100% of the Restricted Stock Units subject to the Actual Award will
vest on ___________, subject to Participant’s Continuous Service through such date] [Multi Year PSUs only]. However,
notwithstanding anything to the contrary in the Plan, if Participant’s Continuous Service terminates prior to such date(s)
due to Participant’s death, this Award will become fully vested with respect to 100% of the Restricted Stock Units subject
to the Actual Award (or the Target Award if (i) such death occurs prior to Committee Certification and (ii) the Company
receives, prior to Committee Certification, written notification of such death from the executor or administrator of
Participant’s estate (or Participant’s beneficiary, if applicable)), as further described in Section 2(b) of the Agreement.
Issuance Schedule:    The Company will issue one share of Common Stock for each Restricted Stock Unit that has vested under this Award at
the time set forth in Section 6 of the Agreement.
Additional Terms/Acknowledgements: Participant acknowledges receipt of, and understands and agrees to, all of the terms and conditions set
forth in the Agreement and the Plan. Participant acknowledges and agrees that the Agreement may not be modified, amended or revised except
as provided in the Plan or the Agreement. Participant further acknowledges that as of the Date of Grant, the Agreement sets forth the entire
understanding between Participant and the Company regarding this Award, and supersedes all prior oral and written agreements on that subject
with the exception, if applicable, of: (i) the current written employment agreement entered into between the Service Recipient (as defined in
Section 9 of the Global Restricted Stock Unit Agreement) and Participant expressly specifying the terms that should govern this Award; (ii) the
Company’s insider trading policy; and (iii) any

compensation recovery policy that is adopted by the Company or one of its Affiliates or is otherwise required by applicable law. By accepting this
Award, Participant consents to receive Plan documents by electronic delivery and to participate in the Plan through an on-line or electronic
system established and maintained by the Company or a third party designated by the Company.
NVIDIA Corporation    Participant:
By:             
   Signature    Signature
Title:         Date:     
Date:    

Attachment I
NVIDIA Corporation
Amended & Restated 2007 Equity Incentive Plan
Global Restricted Stock Unit Agreement
Pursuant to the Global Restricted Stock Unit Grant Notice (“Grant Notice”) and this Global Restricted Stock Unit Agreement (including
any additional terms and conditions for your country set forth in the appendix attached hereto (the “Appendix”)) (collectively, the “Agreement”),
NVIDIA Corporation (the “Company”) has awarded you a Restricted Stock Unit Award (the “Award”) under its Amended & Restated 2007 Equity
Incentive Plan (the “Plan”). This Award is granted to you effective as of the date of grant set forth in the Grant Notice (the “Date of Grant”).
Capitalized terms not explicitly defined in this Agreement will have the same meanings given to them in the Plan.
1.
Grant of the Award. The Award represents the right to be issued on a future date one share of Common Stock for each Restricted
Stock Unit that vests under this Award, subject to the terms and conditions provided in this Agreement and in the Plan. As of the Date of Grant,
the Company will credit to a bookkeeping account maintained by the Company for your benefit (the “Account”) the number of Restricted Stock
Units subject to the Award. Except as otherwise provided in this Agreement, you will not be required to make any payment to the Company with
respect to your receipt of the Award, the vesting of the Restricted Stock Units or the delivery of the underlying Common Stock.
2.
Vesting.
(a)
Subject to the limitations contained in this Agreement, your Award will vest, if at all, in accordance with the vesting schedule provided in
the Grant Notice, including any special acceleration provisions, as applicable, contained in the Grant Notice.
(b)
Vesting will cease upon the termination of your Continuous Service, except if such termination is due to your death, in which case
vesting will accelerate as described in the Grant Notice (and subject to any other acceleration provided for in the Grant Notice or the Plan).
Notwithstanding anything to the contrary in the Plan, if vesting accelerates as a result of the termination of your Continuous Service due to your
death, such acceleration will occur on the date of your death (or as soon as administratively practicable thereafter); provided, however, that: (i)
such acceleration may be delayed until the date the Company receives written notification of your death from the executor or administrator of
your estate (or your beneficiary, if applicable); (ii) the Company may require the executor or administrator of your estate (or your beneficiary, if
applicable) to provide certain information to the Company (including, but not limited to, tax-related information), to the extent permissible under
applicable law; and (iii) notwithstanding anything to the contrary in this Agreement, any shares of Common Stock that are issuable as a result of
such acceleration will be issued no later than the Issuance Deadline (as defined in Section 6(b) of this Agreement).
(c)
On the termination of your Continuous Service (for any reason other than death), the Restricted Stock Units credited to the Account that
were not vested on the date of such termination (and are not accelerated pursuant to any acceleration provided for in the Grant Notice or the
Plan) will be forfeited and returned to the Company at no cost to the Company and you will have no further right, title or interest in or to such
Restricted Stock Units or the underlying shares of Common Stock. In the event of your death, any Restricted Stock Units credited to the Account
that are not accelerated pursuant to the Grant Notice will be forfeited and returned to the Company at no cost to the Company and you will have
no further right, title or interest in or to such Restricted Stock Units or the underlying shares of Common Stock. For the avoidance of doubt,
Continuous Service during only a period prior to a vesting date (but where Continuous Service has terminated prior to the vesting date) does not
entitle you to vest in a pro-rata portion of the Restricted Stock Units on such date.
3.
Number of Restricted Stock Units and Shares of Common Stock.
1.

(a)
The number of Restricted Stock Units (and the related shares of Common Stock) subject to your Award will be adjusted from time to time
for Capitalization Adjustments, as provided in the Plan.
(b)
Any Restricted Stock Units, shares, cash or other property that become subject to the Award as a result of a Capitalization Adjustment, if
any, will be subject to the same forfeiture restrictions, restrictions on transferability, and time and manner of delivery as applicable to the other
shares covered by your Award.
(c)
No fractional shares or rights for fractional shares of Common Stock will be created by this Section 3. The Board will round down, to the
nearest whole share or whole unit of rights, any fractional shares or rights for fractional shares.
4.
Compliance with Law. You will not be issued any shares under your Award unless either (a) the shares are registered under the
Securities Act; or (b) the Company has determined that such issuance would be exempt from the registration requirements of the Securities Act.
Your Award also must comply with other applicable laws and regulations governing the Award, including any U.S. and non-U.S. state, federal
and local laws, and you will not receive such shares if the Company determines that such receipt would not be in material compliance with such
laws and regulations.
5.
Limitations on Transfer. Your Award is not transferable, except by will or by the laws of descent and distribution. In addition to any
other limitation on transfer created by applicable securities or other laws, you agree not to assign, hypothecate, donate, encumber or otherwise
dispose of any interest in any of the shares of Common Stock subject to the Award until the shares are issued to you. After the shares have been
issued to you, you are free to assign, hypothecate, donate, encumber or otherwise dispose of any interest in such shares, provided that any
such actions are in compliance with the provisions in this Agreement and applicable securities or other laws. If permitted by the Board and valid
under applicable law, you may, by delivering written notice to the Company’s designated broker, pursuant to a form provided by such broker,
designate a third party who, in the event of your death, will thereafter be entitled to receive any distribution of Common Stock to which you were
entitled at the time of your death pursuant to this Agreement.
6.
Date of Issuance.
(a)
The issuance of shares of Common Stock in respect of the Restricted Stock Units is intended to comply with Treasury Regulations
Section 1.409A-1(b)(4) and will be construed and administered in such a manner to the extent applicable. The form of such issuance (e.g., a
stock certificate or electronic entry evidencing such shares) will be determined by the Company.
(b)
Subject to the satisfaction of any withholding obligation for Tax-Related Items (as defined in Section 10 of this Agreement) and Section
6(c) of this Agreement, in the event one or more Restricted Stock Units vests, the Company will issue to you, on the applicable vesting date (or
as soon as administratively practicable thereafter), one share of Common Stock for each Restricted Stock Unit that vests (and for purposes of
this Agreement, such issuance date is referred to as the “Original Issuance Date”); provided, however, that the Original Issuance Date will in all
cases occur no later than the Issuance Deadline. For purposes of this Agreement, the “Issuance Deadline” means the latest of the following, as
applicable: (i) December 31 of the calendar year in which the applicable vesting date occurs (that is, the last day of your taxable year in which
the applicable vesting date occurs); (ii) if permitted in a manner that complies with Treasury Regulations Section 1.409A-1(b)(4), the last day of
the period set forth in Treasury Regulations Section 1.409A-1(b)(4)(i)(A); or (iii) any date that is permitted without incurring adverse tax
consequences under Section 409A of the Code.
(c)
If (i) this Award is subject to any withholding obligations for Tax-Related Items (as defined in Section 10 below) on the Original Issuance
Date, (ii) the Original Issuance Date does not occur (1) during an “open window period” applicable to you, as determined by the Company in
accordance with the Company’s then-effective policy on trading in Company securities, or (2) on a date when you are otherwise permitted to sell
shares of Common Stock on an established stock exchange or stock market (including but not limited to under a previously established
Company-approved 10b5-1 trading plan), and (iii) the Company elects, prior to the Original Issuance Date, (1) not to satisfy any withholding
obligations for Tax-Related Items (as defined in Section 10 below) by
2.

withholding shares of Common Stock from the shares otherwise due, on the Original Issuance Date, to you under this Award, (2) not to permit
you to enter into a “same day sale” commitment with a broker-dealer pursuant to this Agreement (including but not limited to a commitment
under a previously established Company-approved 10b5-1 trading plan) and (3) not to permit you to cover any withholding obligations for Tax-
Related Items (as defined in Section 10 below) in cash, then the shares that would otherwise be issued to you on the Original Issuance Date will
not be issued on such Original Issuance Date and will instead be issued on the first business day when you are not prohibited from selling
shares of Common Stock on an established stock exchange or stock market or on such other date determined by the Company, but in no event
later than the Issuance Deadline.
7.
Dividends. You will receive no benefit or adjustment to your Award and any unissued shares thereunder with respect to any cash
dividend, stock dividend or other distribution that does not result from a Capitalization Adjustment. Following the date of vesting, in the event of
any cash dividend, stock dividend or other distribution that does not result from a Capitalization Adjustment, no cash, stock or other property
related to such dividend or distribution will be issuable in respect of your vested Restricted Stock Units.
8.
Restrictive Legends. The shares of Common Stock issued under your Award will be endorsed with appropriate legends if determined
by the Company that legends are required under applicable law or otherwise.
9.
Award not a Service Contract.
(a)
Your Continuous Service with the Company or, if different, the Affiliate that employs you or for which you otherwise render services (the
“Service Recipient”) is not for any specified term and, if permitted under applicable law, may be terminated by you or by the Service Recipient
at any time, for any reason, with or without cause and with or without notice. Nothing in this Agreement (including, but not limited to, the vesting
of your Award pursuant to the schedule set forth in the Grant Notice or the issuance of the shares subject to your Award), the Plan or any
covenant of good faith and fair dealing that may be found implicit in this Agreement or the Plan will: (i) confer upon you any right to continue in
the employ of, or continue an affiliation or other service relationship with the Service Recipient; (ii) constitute any promise or commitment by the
Company, the Service Recipient or any other Affiliate regarding the fact or nature of future positions, future work assignments, future
compensation or any other term or condition of employment or affiliation; (iii) confer any right or benefit under this Agreement or the Plan unless
such right or benefit has specifically accrued under the terms of this Agreement or Plan; or (iv) deprive the Service Recipient of the right to
terminate you at any time and without regard to any future vesting opportunity that you may have. The grant of the Award shall not be interpreted
as forming or amending an employment or service contract with the Company or the Service Recipient.
(b)
By accepting this Award, you acknowledge and agree that the right to continue vesting in the Award is earned only through Continuous
Service (not through the act of being hired, being granted this Award or any other award or benefit) and that the Company has the right to
reorganize, sell, spin-out or otherwise restructure one or more of its businesses or Affiliates at any time or from time to time, as it deems
appropriate (a “reorganization”). You further acknowledge and agree that such a reorganization could result in the termination of your
Continuous Service, or the termination of Affiliate status of the Service Recipient and the loss of benefits available to you under this Agreement,
including but not limited to, the termination of the right to continue vesting in the Award. You further acknowledge and agree that this Agreement,
the Plan, the transactions contemplated hereunder and the vesting schedule set forth in this Agreement or any covenant of good faith and fair
dealing that may be found implicit in any of them do not constitute an express or implied promise of continued engagement as an Employee or
Consultant for the term of this Agreement, for any period, or at all, and will not interfere in any way with your right or the right of the Service
Recipient to terminate your Continuous Service at any time, with or without cause and, if permitted under applicable law, with or without notice,
and will not interfere in any way with the Company’s right to conduct a reorganization.
10.
Responsibility for Taxes.
(a)
You acknowledge that, regardless of any action the Company or the Service Recipient takes with respect to any or all income tax, social
insurance, payroll tax, fringe benefit tax, payment on
3.

account or other tax related items related to your participation in the Plan and legally applicable to you or deemed by the Company or the
Service Recipient, in its discretion, to be an appropriate charge to you even if legally applicable to the Company or the Service Recipient (“Tax-
Related Items”), the ultimate liability for all Tax-Related Items is and remains your responsibility and may exceed the amount actually withheld
by the Company or the Service Recipient, if any. You further acknowledge that the Company and/or the Service Recipient (i) make no
representations or undertakings regarding the treatment of any Tax-Related Items in connection with any aspect of your Restricted Stock Units
or the underlying shares of Common Stock, including, but not limited to, the grant of the Restricted Stock Units, the vesting and settlement of the
Restricted Stock Units, the delivery or sale of any shares of Common Stock and the issuance of any dividends, and (ii) do not commit to and are
under no obligation to structure the terms of the grant or any aspect of your Award to reduce or eliminate your liability for Tax-Related Items or
achieve any particular tax result. You acknowledge and agree that you will not make any claim against the Company, or any of its Officers,
Directors, Employees or Affiliates (including the Service Recipient) for Tax-Related Items arising from your Award. Further, if you are subject to
Tax-Related Items in more than one jurisdiction, you acknowledge that the Company and/or the Service Recipient may be required to withhold or
account for Tax-Related Items in more than one jurisdiction.
(b)
In connection with the relevant taxable or tax withholding event, as applicable, you agree to make adequate arrangements satisfactorily
to the Company and/or the Service Recipient to satisfy all Tax-Related Items. In this regard, you authorize the Company and/or the Service
Recipient, or their respective agents, at their discretion, to satisfy their withholding obligations or rights, if any, with regard to all Tax-Related
Items by one or a combination of the following: (i) withholding from your wages or any other cash compensation otherwise payable to you; (ii)
causing you to tender a cash payment or requiring you to make a payment in another form acceptable to the Company; (iii) permitting or
requiring you to enter into a “same day sale” commitment with a broker-dealer that is a member of the Financial Industry Regulatory Authority (a
“FINRA Dealer”) (if required, pursuant to this authorization and without further consent) whereby you irrevocably elect to sell a portion of the
shares to be delivered upon settlement of your Restricted Stock Units to satisfy the Tax-Related Items and whereby the FINRA Dealer
irrevocably commits to forward the proceeds necessary to satisfy the withholding obligation for Tax-Related Items directly to the Company and/or
the Service Recipient, including a commitment pursuant to a previously established Company-approved 10b5-1 plan; (iv) withholding shares of
Common Stock from the shares of Common Stock issued or otherwise issuable to you upon settlement of the Award with a value equal to the
amount of such withholding obligation for Tax-Related Items or such other amount as may be permitted while still avoiding classification of the
Award as a liability for financial accounting purposes; provided, however, that if you are an Officer, then the Company will withhold a number of
shares of Common Stock upon the relevant taxable or tax withholding event, as applicable, unless the use of such withholding method is not
feasible under applicable law or has materially adverse accounting consequences, as determined by the Board, in its sole discretion, in which
case, any withholding obligation for Tax-Related Items may be satisfied by one or a combination of methods (i)-(iii) above; and/or (v) any other
method of withholding determined by the Company, provided such method is compliant with applicable law and the Plan.
(c)
The Company and/or the Service Recipient may withhold or account for Tax-Related Items by considering statutory or other withholding
rates, including maximum rates applicable in your jurisdiction(s). In the event of over-withholding, you may receive a refund of any over-withheld
amount in cash from the Company or the Service Recipient (with no entitlement to the Common Stock equivalent), or if not refunded, you may
seek a refund from the local tax authorities. In the event of under-withholding, you may be required to pay any Tax-Related Items directly to the
applicable tax authority or to the Company and/or the Service Recipient. Maximum tax rates are based on the applicable rates in your country,
including your share of payroll or similar taxes, as provided in tax law, regulations, or the tax authority’s administrative practices, not to exceed
the highest rate in that jurisdiction, even if that rate exceeds the highest rate that may be applicable to you. If any withholding obligation for Tax-
Related Items is satisfied by withholding a number of shares of Common Stock, for tax purposes, you will be deemed to have been issued the
full number of shares of Common Stock subject to the vested Restricted Stock Units, notwithstanding that a number of the shares of Common
Stock is held back solely for the purpose of paying the Tax-Related Items.
4.

(d)
Unless any withholding obligation for Tax-Related Items is satisfied, the Company will have no obligation to deliver to you any shares of
Common Stock or other consideration pursuant to this Award.
(e)
In the event any obligation to withhold arises prior to the delivery to you of shares of Common Stock or it is determined after the delivery
of shares of Common Stock to you that the amount of the withholding obligation was greater than the amount withheld, if anything, you agree to
indemnify and hold the Company and/or the Service Recipient harmless from any failure by the Company and/or the Service Recipient to
withhold the proper amount.
11.
Nature of Grant. By accepting your Award, you acknowledge, understand and agree that:
(a)
the Plan is established voluntarily by the Company, it is discretionary in nature and it may be modified, amended,
suspended or terminated by the Company at any time, to the extent permitted by the Plan;
(b)
the Plan is operated and the Award granted solely by the Company and only the Company is a party to this Agreement;
accordingly, any rights you may have under this Agreement may be raised only against the Company but not any Affiliate (including, but not
limited to, the Service Recipient);
(c)
no Affiliate (including, but not limited to, the Service Recipient) has any obligation to make any payment of any kind
under this Agreement;
(d)
the Award is exceptional, voluntary and occasional and does not create any contractual or other right to receive future
Awards (whether on the same or different terms), or benefits in lieu of an Award, even if an Award has been granted in the past;
(e)
all decisions with respect to future Awards, if any, will be at the sole discretion of the Company;
(f)
the Award is granted as an incentive for future services and in no event should be considered as compensation for, or
relating in any way to, past services for the Company, the Service Recipient or any other Affiliate;
(g)
you are voluntarily participating in the Plan;
(h)
the Award and the shares of Common Stock subject to the Award, and the income from and value of same, are an
extraordinary item which, if the Service Recipient is not the Company, does not constitute compensation of any kind for services of any kind
rendered to the Service Recipient, and is outside the scope of your employment or other service contract, if any;
(i)
the Award and the shares of Common Stock subject to the Award, and the income from and value of same, are not
intended to replace any pension rights or compensation;
(j)
the Award and the shares of Common Stock subject to the Award, and the income from and value of same, are not part
of normal or expected compensation for purposes of, without limitation, calculating any severance, resignation, termination, redundancy,
dismissal, end-of-service payments, bonuses, long-service awards, holiday allowance, pension or retirement or welfare benefits or similar
payments under any employee benefit plan sponsored by the Company or any Affiliate, except as such plan otherwise expressly provides (and
the Company expressly reserves its rights to amend, modify, or terminate any of the Company’s or any Affiliate’s employee benefit plans);
5.

(k)
the future value of the underlying shares of Common Stock is unknown, indeterminable, and cannot be predicted with
certainty;
(l)
no claim or entitlement to compensation or damages shall arise from forfeiture of the Award resulting from the
termination of your Continuous Service (for any reason except for your death and whether or not later found to be invalid or in breach of
employment laws in the jurisdiction where you are employed or otherwise rendering services or the terms of your employment or other service
agreement, if any);
(m)
unless otherwise provided herein, in the Plan or by the Company in its discretion, the Award and the benefits evidenced
by this Agreement do not create any entitlement to have the Award or any such benefits transferred to, or assumed by, another company nor to
be exchanged, cashed out or substituted for, in connection with any corporate transaction affecting the shares of Common Stock;
(n)
unless otherwise agreed with the Company in writing, the Award and the shares of Common Stock subject to the Award,
and the income from and value of same, are not granted as consideration for, or in connection with, the service you may provide as a director of
an Affiliate; and
(o)
if you are in Continuous Service outside the United States:
i.
the Award and the shares of Common Stock subject to the Award, and the income from and value of same, are
not part of normal or expected compensation for any purpose; and
ii.
neither the Company, the Service Recipient nor any other Affiliate shall be liable for any foreign exchange rate
fluctuation between your local currency and the United States Dollar that may affect the value of the Award or of any amounts due to you
pursuant to the vesting of the Award or the subsequent sale of any shares of Common Stock acquired upon settlement.
12.
No Advice Regarding Grant. The Company is not providing any tax, legal or financial advice, nor is the Company making any
recommendations regarding your participation in the Plan, or your acquisition or sale of the underlying shares of Common Stock. You should
consult with your own personal tax, financial and/or legal advisors regarding your participation in the Plan, and by accepting this Award, you
have agreed that you have done so or knowingly and voluntarily declined to do so.
13.
Unsecured Obligation. Your Award is unfunded, and as a holder of an Award, you will be considered an unsecured creditor of the
Company with respect to the Company’s obligation, if any, to issue shares pursuant to this Agreement upon vesting of the Award. You will not
have voting or any other rights as a stockholder of the Company with respect to the shares to be issued pursuant to this Agreement until such
shares are issued to you. Upon such issuance, you will obtain full voting and other rights as a stockholder of the Company. Nothing contained in
this Agreement, and no action taken pursuant to its provisions, will create or be construed to create a trust of any kind or a fiduciary relationship
between you and the Company or any other person.
14.
Other Documents. You hereby acknowledge receipt or the right to receive a document providing the information required by Rule
428(b)(1) promulgated under the Securities Act, which includes the Plan prospectus. In addition, you acknowledge receipt of the Company’s
policy permitting certain individuals to sell shares only during certain “window” periods and the Company’s insider trading policy, in effect from
time to time and understand that this policy applies to shares received under this Award.
6.

15.
Notices; Electronic Delivery/Acceptance. Any notices provided for in your Award or the Plan will be given in writing and will be
deemed effectively given upon receipt or, in the case of notices delivered by the Company to you, five (5) days after deposit in the United States
mail, postage prepaid, addressed to you at the last address you provided to the Company. Notwithstanding the foregoing, the Company may, in
its sole discretion, decide to deliver any documents and transmit or require you to transmit notices related to participation in the Plan and this
Award by electronic means. You hereby consent to receive such documents and notices, and to give such notices, by electronic delivery and to
participate in the Plan through the on-line or electronic system established and maintained by the Company or a third party designated by the
Company from time to time.
16.
Governing Plan Document/Recoupment. Your Award is subject to all the provisions of the Plan, the provisions of which are hereby
made a part of your Award, and is further subject to all interpretations, amendments, rules and regulations which may from time to time be
promulgated and adopted pursuant to the Plan. In addition, this Award (and any shares issued under this Award) is subject to recoupment in
accordance with the Dodd–Frank Wall Street Reform and Consumer Protection Act and any implementing regulations thereunder, the
Company’s Compensation Recovery Policy, as amended from time to time, and any other clawback policy that the Company adopts or is
required to adopt, to the extent applicable to you and permissible under applicable law.
17.
Language. You acknowledge that you are sufficiently proficient in the English language, or have consulted with an advisor who is
sufficiently proficient in English, so as to allow you to understand the terms and conditions of this Agreement. Further, if you have received this
Agreement or any other document related to the Plan translated into a language other than English and if the meaning of the translated version
is different than the English version, the English version will control, unless otherwise required by applicable law.
18.
Insider Trading Restrictions/Market Abuse Laws. You may be subject to insider trading restrictions and/or market abuse laws based
on the exchange on which the shares of Common Stock are listed and in applicable jurisdictions, including the United States and your country or
your broker’s country, if different, which may affect your ability to accept, acquire, sell or otherwise dispose of shares of Common Stock, rights to
shares of Common Stock (e.g., Restricted Stock Units) or rights linked to the value of shares of Common Stock during such times as you are
considered to have “inside information” regarding the Company (as defined by the laws in applicable jurisdictions). Local insider trading laws and
regulations may prohibit the cancellation or amendment of orders you placed before you possessed inside information. Furthermore, you could
be prohibited from (i) disclosing the inside information to any third party, which may include fellow employees and (ii) “tipping” third parties or
causing them otherwise to buy or sell securities. Any restrictions under these laws or regulations are separate from and in addition to any
restrictions that may be imposed under any applicable insider trading policy of the Company. You acknowledge that it is your responsibility to
comply with any applicable restrictions and you should speak with your personal legal advisor on this matter.
19.
Foreign Assets/Account and Tax Reporting, Exchange Controls. Your country may have certain foreign asset, account and/or tax
reporting requirements and exchange controls which may affect your ability to acquire or hold shares of Common Stock under the Plan or cash
received from participating in the Plan (including from any dividends received or sale proceeds arising from the sale of shares of Common Stock)
in a brokerage or bank account outside your country. You understand that you may be required to report such accounts, assets or transactions to
the tax or other authorities in your country. You also may be required to repatriate sale proceeds or other funds received as a result of
participation in the Plan to your country through a designated bank or broker and/or within a certain time after receipt. In addition, you may be
subject to tax payment and/or reporting obligations in connection with any income realized under the Plan and/or from the sale of shares of
Common Stock. You acknowledge that you are responsible for complying with all such requirements, and that you should consult personal legal
and tax advisors, as applicable, to ensure compliance.
20.
Appendix. Notwithstanding any provisions in this Agreement, your Award shall be subject to any additional terms and conditions for your
country set forth in the Appendix attached hereto as Attachment II. Moreover, if you relocate to one of the countries included therein, the terms
and conditions for such country, if any, will apply to you to the extent the Company determines that the
7.

application of such terms and conditions is necessary or advisable for legal or administrative reasons. The Appendix constitutes part of this
Agreement.
21.
Imposition of Other Requirements. The Company reserves the right to impose other requirements on your participation in the Plan, on
the Award and on any shares of Common Stock acquired under the Plan, to the extent the Company determines it is necessary or advisable for
legal or administrative reasons.
22.
Severability. If all or any part of this Agreement or the Plan is declared by any court or governmental authority to be unlawful or invalid,
such unlawfulness or invalidity will not invalidate any portion of this Agreement or the Plan not declared to be unlawful or invalid. Any Section of
this Agreement (or part of such a Section) so declared to be unlawful or invalid will, if possible, be construed in a manner which will give effect to
the terms of such Section or part of a Section to the fullest extent possible while remaining lawful and valid.
23.
Governing Law/Venue. The interpretation, performance and enforcement of this Agreement will be governed by the law of the state of
Delaware without regard to such state’s conflicts of laws rules. For purposes of litigating any dispute that arises directly or indirectly from the
relationship of the parties evidenced by this grant or the Agreement, the parties hereby submit to and consent to the exclusive jurisdiction of the
State of California and agree that such litigation shall be conducted only in the courts of Santa Clara County, California, or the federal courts for
the United States for the Northern District of California, and no other courts, where this grant is made and/or to be performed.
24.
Miscellaneous.
(a)
The rights and obligations of the Company under your Award will be transferable to any one or more persons or entities, and all
covenants and agreements hereunder will inure to the benefit of, and be enforceable by the Company’s successors and assigns. Your rights and
obligations under your Award may only be assigned with the prior written consent of the Company.
(b)
You agree upon request to execute any further documents or instruments necessary or desirable in the sole determination of the
Company to carry out the purposes or intent of your Award.
(c)
You acknowledge and agree that you have reviewed your Award in its entirety, have had an opportunity to obtain the advice of counsel
prior to executing and accepting your Award, and fully understand all provisions of your Award.
(d)
All obligations of the Company under the Plan and this Agreement will be binding on any successor to the Company, whether the
existence of such successor is the result of a direct or indirect purchase, merger, consolidation, or otherwise, of all or substantially all of the
business and/or assets of the Company.
25.
Amendment. Subject to Section 21 above, this Agreement may not be modified, amended or terminated except by an instrument in
writing, signed by you and by a duly authorized representative of the Company. Notwithstanding the foregoing, this Agreement may be amended
solely by the Board by a writing which specifically states that it is amending this Agreement, so long as a copy of such amendment is delivered to
you, and provided that no such amendment adversely affecting your rights hereunder may be made without your written consent. Without limiting
the foregoing, the Board reserves the right to change, by written notice to you, the provisions of this Agreement in any way it may deem
necessary or advisable to carry out the purpose of the grant as a result of any change in applicable laws or regulations or any future law,
regulation, ruling, or judicial decision, provided that any such change will be applicable only to rights relating to that portion of the Award which is
then subject to restrictions as provided in this Agreement.
26.
Compliance with Section 409A of the Code. This Award is intended to comply with U.S. Treasury Regulation Section 1.409A-1(b)(4)
and thus to not be treated as “deferred compensation”, and will be construed and administered in such a manner, and any ambiguous or missing
terms that may otherwise be supplied from and/or defined under Code Section 409A in a manner that fulfills such intention hereby incorporated
by reference. Each installment of Restricted Stock Units that
8.

vests hereunder is intended to constitute a “separate payment” for purposes of Treasury Regulation Section 1.409A-2(b)(2). Notwithstanding the
foregoing, if it is determined that the Award fails to satisfy the requirements of the short-term deferral rule and is otherwise not exempt from, and
determined to be deferred compensation subject to Code Section 409A, this Award shall comply with Code Section 409A to the extent necessary
to avoid adverse personal tax consequences and any ambiguities herein shall be interpreted accordingly. If it is determined that the Award is
deferred compensation subject to Code Section 409A and you are a “specified employee” (as determined under Code Section 409A) on your
“separation from service” (as defined under Treasury Regulation Section 1.409A-1(h), without regard to any alternative definitions therein, a
“Separation from Service”), then the issuance of any shares, cash or other property that would otherwise be made on the date of your
Separation from Service (or within the first six months thereafter as a result of your Separation from Service) will not be made on the originally
scheduled date(s) and will instead be issued in a lump sum on the earlier of (i) the date that is six months and one day after the date of the
Separation from Service or (ii) the date of your death, but if and only if such delay in the issuance is necessary to avoid the imposition of taxation
on you in respect of the shares, cash or property under Code Section 409A.

NVIDIA Corporation Amended and Restated 2012 Employee Stock Purchase Plan
Adopted by the Compensation Committee: March 22, 2012
Approved by the Stockholders: May 17, 2012
Amended and Restated by the Compensation Committee: April 9, 2014
Approved by the Stockholders: May 23, 2014
Amended and Restated by the Compensation Committee: April 5, 2016
Approved by the Stockholders: May 18, 2016
Amended and Restated by the Compensation Committee: December 11, 2017
Amended and Restated by the Compensation Committee: April 3, 2018
Approved by the Stockholders: May 16, 2018
Amended and Restated by the Compensation Committee: April 27, 2020
Approved by the Stockholders: June 9, 2020
Amended and Restated by the Board of Directors: July 19, 2021
Amended and Restated by the Board of Directors: June 7, 2024
Amended and Restated by the Compensation Committee: January 23, 2025
1.
General; Purpose.
(a) The Plan is intended as the successor to and continuation of the NVIDIA Corporation 1998 Employee Stock Purchase Plan (the “1998
Plan”). From and after 12:01 a.m. Pacific Standard Time on the Effective Date, no additional rights to purchase shares of Common Stock will be
granted under the 1998 Plan. All rights to purchase shares granted on or after 12:01 a.m. Pacific Standard Time on the Effective Date will be
granted under this Plan. Any rights to purchase shares of Common Stock granted under the 1998 Plan will remain subject to the terms of the
1998 Plan and any offering document or other agreements or governing documents describing the terms and conditions of offerings made
pursuant to the 1998 Plan.
(i)
Any shares of Common Stock that would otherwise remain available for future offerings under the 1998 Plan as of 12:01 a.m.
Pacific Standard Time on the Effective Date (the “1998 Plan's Available Reserve”) will cease to be available under the 1998 Plan at such time.
Instead, that number of shares of Common Stock equal to the 1998 Plan's Available Reserve will be added to the Share Reserve (as further
described in Section 3(a) below) and be then immediately available for grants hereunder, up to the maximum number set forth in Section 3(a)
below.
(ii)
In addition, from and after 12:01 a.m. Pacific Standard Time on the Effective Date, with respect to the aggregate number of
shares subject, at such time, to outstanding grants under the 1998 Plan that would, but for the operation of this sentence, subsequently return to
the share reserve of the 1998 Plan (such shares, the “Returning Shares”), such shares of Common Stock will not return to the share reserve of
the 1998 Plan, and instead that number of shares of Common Stock equal to the Returning Shares will immediately be added to the Share
Reserve as and when such a share becomes a Returning Share, up to a maximum number set forth in Section 3(a) below.
(b) The Plan provides a means by which Eligible Employees of the Company and certain Designated Companies may be given an
opportunity to purchase shares of Common Stock. The Plan permits the Company to grant a series of Purchase Rights to Eligible Employees.
(c) The Company, by means of the Plan, seeks to retain the services of such Employees, to secure and retain the services of new
Employees and to provide incentives for such persons to exert maximum efforts for the success of the Company and its Related Corporations.
(d) This Plan includes two components: a 423 Component and a Non-423 Component. It is the intention of the Company to have the 423
Component qualify as an Employee Stock Purchase Plan. The provisions of the 423 Component, accordingly, will be construed in a manner that
is consistent with the requirements of Section 423 of the Code. In addition, this Plan authorizes the grant of Purchase Rights under the Non-423
Component that does not meet the requirements of an Employee Stock Purchase Plan because of deviations necessary or advisable to permit
or
9.

facilitate participation in the Plan by Employees who are foreign nationals or employed or located outside of the United States while complying
with applicable foreign laws; such Purchase Rights will be granted pursuant to rules, procedures or subplans adopted by the Board designed to
achieve these objectives for Eligible Employees and the Company and its Related Corporations. Except as otherwise provided herein or
determined by the Board, the Non-423 Component will operate and be administered in the same manner as the 423 Component. In addition,
under the 423 Component of the Plan, the Company may make separate Offerings which vary in terms (although not inconsistent with the
provisions in the Plan and not inconsistent with the requirements of an Employee Stock Purchase Plan) and the Company will designate which
Designated Company is participating in each separate Offering.
(e) If a Participant transfers employment from the Company or any Designated 423 Corporation participating in the 423 Component to a
Designated Non-423 Corporation participating in the Non-423 Component, he or she will immediately cease to participate in the 423 Component;
however, any Contributions made for the Purchase Period in which such transfer occurs will be transferred to the Non-423 Component, and such
Participant will immediately join the then current Offering under the Non-423 Component upon the same terms and conditions in effect for his or
her participation in the Plan, except for such modifications as may be required by applicable law. A Participant who transfers employment from a
Designated Non-423 Corporation participating in the Non-423 Component to the Company or any Designated 423 Corporation participating in
the 423 Component will remain a Participant in the Non-423 Component until the earlier of (i) the end of the current Offering Period under the
Non-423 Component, or (ii) the Offering Date of the first Offering in which he or she participates following such transfer.
2.
Administration.
(a) The Board will administer the Plan unless and until the Board delegates administration of the Plan to a Committee or Committees, as
provided in Section 2(c).
(b) The Board will have the power, subject to, and within the limitations of, the express provisions of the Plan:
(i)
To determine how and when Purchase Rights will be granted and the provisions of each Offering (which need not be identical),
including which Designated 423 Corporations and Designated Non-423 Corporations will participate in the 423 Component or the Non-423
Component.
(ii)
To designate from time to time which Related Corporations of the Company will be eligible to participate in the Plan as
Designated 423 Corporations and Designated Non-423 Corporations and which Affiliates will be eligible to participate in the Plan as Designated
Non-423 Corporations and also to designate which Designated Companies will participate in each separate Offering (to the extent the Company
makes separate Offerings).
(iii)
To construe and interpret the Plan and Purchase Rights, and to establish, amend and revoke rules and regulations for its
administration. The Board, in the exercise of this power, may correct any defect, omission or inconsistency in the Plan, in a manner and to the
extent it deems necessary or expedient to make the Plan fully effective.
(iv)
To settle all controversies regarding the Plan and Purchase Rights granted under the Plan.
(v)
To suspend or terminate the Plan at any time as provided in Section 12.
(vi)
To amend the Plan at any time as provided in Section 12.
(vii)
Generally, to exercise such powers and to perform such acts as it deems necessary or expedient to promote the best interests
of the Company and its Related Corporations and to carry out the intent that the 423 Component be treated as an Employee Stock Purchase
Plan.
(viii)
To adopt such procedures and sub-plans as are necessary or appropriate to permit or facilitate participation in the Plan by
Employees who are foreign nationals or employed or located outside the United States. Without limiting the generality of, but consistent with, the
foregoing, the Board specifically is authorized to adopt rules, procedures and subplans, which, for purposes of the Non-423 Component, may be
outside the scope of Section 423 of the Code, regarding, without limitation, eligibility to participate in the Plan, handling and making of
Contributions, establishment of bank or trust accounts to hold Contributions, payment of interest, conversion of local currency,

obligations to pay payroll tax, determination of beneficiary designation requirements, withholding procedures and handling of share issuances,
which may vary according to local requirements.
(c) The Board may delegate some or all of the administration of the Plan to a Committee or Committees. If administration is delegated to a
Committee, the Committee will have, in connection with the administration of the Plan, the powers theretofore possessed by the Board that have
been delegated to the Committee, including the power to delegate to a subcommittee any of the administrative powers the Committee is
authorized to exercise (and references in this Plan to the Board will thereafter be to the Committee or subcommittee), subject, however, to such
resolutions, not inconsistent with the provisions of the Plan, as may be adopted from time to time by the Board. The Board may retain the
authority to concurrently administer the Plan with the Committee and may, at any time, revest in the Board some or all of the powers previously
delegated. Whether or not the Board has delegated administration of the Plan to a Committee, the Board will have the final power to determine
all questions of policy and expediency that may arise in the administration of the Plan.
(d) All determinations, interpretations and constructions made by the Board in good faith will not be subject to review by any person and will
be final, binding and conclusive on all persons.
3.
Shares of Common Stock Subject to the Plan.
(a) Subject to the provisions of Section 11(a) relating to Capitalization Adjustments, the maximum aggregate number of shares of Common
Stock that may be issued under the Plan will not exceed 3,737,293,320 shares of Common Stock (the “Share Reserve”), which number is the
sum of (i) 3,363,563,988 shares that were added to reflect a 10-for-1 stock split effective June 7, 2024, (ii) 280,296,999 shares that were added
to reflect a 4-for-1 stock split effective July 19, 2021, (iii) 2,000,000 shares that were approved at the Company’s 2020 Annual Meeting of
Stockholders, (iv) 13,500,000 shares that were approved at the Company’s 2018 Annual Meeting of Stockholders, (v) 10,000,000 shares that
were approved at the Company’s 2016 Annual Meeting of Stockholders, (vi) 12,500,000 shares that were approved at the Company’s 2014
Annual Meeting of Stockholders, (vii) 32,000,000 shares that were approved at the Company’s 2012 Annual Meeting of Stockholders, (viii) the
number of shares subject to the 1998 Plan's Available Reserve, in an amount not to exceed 8,432,333 shares, and (ix) the number of shares that
are Returning Shares, as such shares become available from time to time, in an amount not to exceed 15,000,000 shares.
(b) If any Purchase Right granted under the Plan terminates without having been exercised in full, the shares of Common Stock not
purchased under such Purchase Right will again become available for issuance under the Plan.
(c) The stock purchasable under the Plan will be shares of authorized but unissued or reacquired Common Stock, including shares
repurchased by the Company on the open market.
4.
Grant of Purchase Rights; Offering.
(a) The Board may from time to time grant or provide for the grant of Purchase Rights to Eligible Employees under an Offering on Offering
Dates selected by the Board. Each Offering will be in such form and will contain such terms and conditions as the Board will deem appropriate,
and with respect to the 423 Component will comply with the requirement of Section 423(b)(5) of the Code that all Employees granted Purchase
Rights will have the same rights and privileges. The provisions of separate Offerings need not be identical, but each Offering will include (through
incorporation of the provisions of this Plan by reference in the document comprising the Offering or otherwise) the period during which the
Offering will be effective, which period will not exceed 27 months beginning with the Offering Date, and the substance of the provisions contained
in Sections 5 through 8, inclusive.
(b) If a Participant has more than one Purchase Right outstanding under the Plan, unless he or she otherwise indicates in forms delivered
to the Company: (i) each form will apply to all of his or her Purchase Rights under the Plan; and (ii) a Purchase Right with a lower exercise price
(or an earlier-granted Purchase Right, if different Purchase Rights have identical exercise prices) will be exercised to the fullest possible extent
before a Purchase Right with a higher exercise price (or a later-granted Purchase Right if different Purchase Rights have identical exercise
prices) will be exercised.

(c) The Board will have the discretion to structure an Offering so that if the Fair Market Value of a share of Common Stock on the first
Trading Day of a new Purchase Period within that Offering is less than or equal to a Participant’s Offering Date Price, then with respect to such
Participant, that Offering will terminate immediately as of that first Trading Day and such Participant will be automatically enrolled in a new
Offering beginning on that first Trading Day.
5.
Eligibility.
(a) Purchase Rights may be granted only to Employees of the Company or, as the Board may designate in accordance with Section 2(b), to
Employees of a Related Corporation or an Affiliate. Except as provided in Section 5(b), an Employee will not be eligible to be granted Purchase
Rights unless, on the Offering Date, the Employee has been in the employ of the Company, a Related Corporation or an Affiliate, as the case
may be, for such continuous period preceding such Offering Date as the Board may require, but in no event will the required period of
continuous employment be equal to or greater than two years. In addition, the Board may (unless prohibited by law) provide that no Employee
will be eligible to be granted Purchase Rights under the Plan unless, on the Offering Date, such Employee's customary employment with the
Company, the Related Corporation or the Affiliate is more than 20 hours per week and more than five months per calendar year or such other
criteria as the Board may determine consistent with Section 423 of the Code.
(b) The Board may provide that each person who, during the course of an Offering (or any specified period within an Offering), first
becomes an Eligible Employee will, on or after the day on which such person becomes an Eligible Employee, be granted a Purchase Right
under that Offering, which Purchase Right will thereafter be deemed to be a part of that Offering. Such Purchase Right will have the same
characteristics as any Purchase Rights originally granted under that Offering, as described herein, except that:
(i)
the date on which such Purchase Right is granted will be the “Offering Date” of such Purchase Right for all purposes;
(ii)
the period of the Offering with respect to such Purchase Right will begin on its Offering Date and end coincident with the end of
the original Offering; and
(iii)
the Board may provide that if such person first becomes an Eligible Employee within a specified period of time before the end of
the Offering, he or she will not be granted any Purchase Right under that Offering.
(c) No Employee will be eligible for the grant of any Purchase Rights if, immediately after any such Purchase Rights are granted, such
Employee owns stock possessing five percent or more of the total combined voting power or value of all classes of stock of the Company or of
any Related Corporation (unless otherwise required by law). For purposes of this Section 5(c), the rules of Section 424(d) of the Code will apply
in determining the stock ownership of any Employee, and stock which such Employee may purchase under all outstanding Purchase Rights and
options will be treated as stock owned by such Employee.
(d) As specified by Section 423(b)(8) of the Code, an Eligible Employee may be granted Purchase Rights only if such Purchase Rights,
together with any other rights granted under all Employee Stock Purchase Plans of the Company and any Related Corporations, do not permit
such Eligible Employee's rights to purchase stock of the Company or any Related Corporation to accrue at a rate which exceeds $25,000 of Fair
Market Value of such stock (determined at the time such rights are granted, and which, with respect to the Plan, will be determined as of their
respective Offering Dates) for each calendar year in which such rights are outstanding at any time.
(e) Officers of the Company and any Designated Company, if they are otherwise Eligible Employees, will be eligible to participate in
Offerings under the Plan. Notwithstanding the foregoing, the Board may (unless prohibited by law) provide in an Offering that Employees who
are highly compensated Employees within the meaning of Section 423(b)(4)(D) of the Code will not be eligible to participate.
6.
Purchase Rights; Purchase Price.

(a) On each Offering Date, each Eligible Employee will be granted a Purchase Right under the applicable Offering to purchase up to that
number of shares of Common Stock purchasable either with a percentage or with a maximum dollar amount, as designated by the Board but in
either case not exceeding 25%, of such Employee's eligible earnings (as defined by the Board in each Offering) during the period that begins on
the Offering Date (or such other date as the Board determines for a particular Offering) and ends on the date stated in the Offering, which date
will be no later than the end of the Offering. For clarity, such percentage or maximum dollar amount of such Employee's eligible earnings may be
applied on the basis of each or any pay-period, Purchase Period or other period during the Offering (including the entire period of the Offering),
as designated by the Board.
(b) The Board will establish one or more Purchase Dates during an Offering on which Purchase Rights granted for that Offering will be
exercised and shares of Common Stock will be purchased in accordance with such Offering.
(c) In connection with each Offering made under the Plan, the Board may specify (i) a maximum number of shares of Common Stock that
may be purchased by any Participant on any Purchase Date during such Offering, (ii) a maximum aggregate number of shares of Common
Stock that may be purchased by all Participants pursuant to such Offering, and/or (iii) a maximum aggregate number of shares of Common
Stock that may be purchased by all Participants on any Purchase Date under the Offering. If the aggregate purchase of shares of Common
Stock issuable upon exercise of Purchase Rights granted under the Offering would exceed any such maximum aggregate number, then, in the
absence of any Board action otherwise, a pro rata (based on each Participant's accumulated Contributions) allocation of the shares of Common
Stock available will be made in as nearly a uniform manner as will be practicable and equitable.
(d) The purchase price of each share of Common Stock acquired pursuant to a Participant’s Purchase Right will be not less than the lesser
of:
(i)
an amount equal to 85% of such Participant’s Offering Date Price; or
(ii)
an amount equal to 85% of the Fair Market Value of a share of Common Stock on the applicable Purchase Date.
7.
Participation; Withdrawal; Termination.
(a)
An Eligible Employee may elect to authorize payroll deductions as the means of making Contributions by completing and delivering to
the Company, within the time specified in the Offering, an enrollment form provided by the Company. The enrollment form will specify the amount
of Contributions not to exceed the maximum amount specified by the Board. Each Participant's Contributions will be credited to a bookkeeping
account for such Participant under the Plan and will be deposited with the general funds of the Company except where applicable law requires
that Contributions be deposited with a third party or otherwise segregated. If permitted in the Offering, a Participant may reduce (including to
zero) or increase his or her Contributions. If required under applicable law or if specifically provided in the Offering, in addition to or instead of
making Contributions by payroll deductions, a Participant may make Contributions through the payment by cash or check or wire transfer prior to
a Purchase Date, in the manner directed by the Company.
(b)
During an Offering, a Participant may cease making Contributions and withdraw from the Offering by delivering to the Company a
withdrawal form provided by the Company. The Company may impose a deadline before a Purchase Date for withdrawing. Upon such
withdrawal, such Participant's Purchase Right in that Offering will immediately terminate and the Company will distribute to such Participant all of
his or her accumulated but unused Contributions. A Participant's withdrawal from that Offering will have no effect upon his or her eligibility to
participate in any other Offerings under the Plan, but the Participant will be required to deliver a new enrollment form to participate in future
Offerings.
(c)
Unless otherwise required by applicable law, Purchase Rights granted pursuant to any Offering under the Plan will terminate
immediately if the Participant either (i) is no longer an Employee for any reason or for no reason or (ii) is otherwise no longer eligible to
participate. The Company will distribute to such individual all of his or her accumulated but unused Contributions.

(d)
During a Participant's lifetime, Purchase Rights will be exercisable only by such Participant. Purchase Rights are not transferable by a
Participant, except by will, by the laws of descent and distribution, or, if permitted by the Company, by a beneficiary designation as described in
Section 10.
(e)
The Company has no obligation to pay interest on Contributions, unless otherwise required by applicable law.
8.
Exercise of Purchase Rights.
(a) On each Purchase Date, each Participant's accumulated Contributions will be applied to the purchase of shares of Common Stock, up
to the maximum number of shares of Common Stock permitted by the Plan and the applicable Offering, at the purchase price specified in the
Offering. No fractional shares will be issued unless specifically provided for in the Offering.
(b) If any amount of accumulated Contributions remains in a Participant's account after the purchase of shares of Common Stock on the
final Purchase Date of an Offering and such remaining amount is less than the amount required to purchase one share of Common Stock, then
such remaining amount will be held in such Participant's account for the purchase of shares of Common Stock under the next Offering under the
Plan, unless such Participant withdraws from or is not eligible to participate in such Offering, in which case such amount will be distributed to
such Participant after the final Purchase Date, without interest (unless otherwise required by applicable law). If the amount of Contributions
remaining in a Participant's account after the purchase of shares of Common Stock on the final Purchase Date of an Offering is at least equal to
the amount required to purchase one whole share of Common Stock, then such remaining amount will not roll over to the next Offering and will
instead be distributed in full to such Participant after the final Purchase Date, without interest (unless otherwise required by applicable law).
(c) No Purchase Rights may be exercised to any extent unless the shares of Common Stock to be issued upon such exercise under the
Plan are covered by an effective registration statement pursuant to the Securities Act and the Plan is in material compliance with all applicable
laws. If on a Purchase Date the shares of Common Stock are not so registered or the Plan is not in such compliance, no Purchase Rights will be
exercised on such Purchase Date, and the Purchase Date will be delayed until the shares of Common Stock are subject to such an effective
registration statement and the Plan is in material compliance, except that the Purchase Date will in no event be more than 27 months from the
Offering Date. If, on the Purchase Date, as delayed to the maximum extent permissible, the shares of Common Stock are not registered and the
Plan is not in material compliance with all applicable laws, no Purchase Rights will be exercised and all accumulated but unused Contributions
will be distributed to the Participants without interest (unless otherwise required under applicable local law).
9.
Covenants of the Company.
The Company will seek to obtain from each federal, state, foreign or other regulatory commission or agency having jurisdiction over the Plan
such authority as may be required to grant Purchase Rights and issue and sell shares of Common Stock thereunder unless doing so would be
an unreasonable cost to the Company compared to the potential benefit to Eligible Employees which the Company shall determine at its
discretion. If, after commercially reasonable efforts, the Company is unable to obtain the authority that counsel for the Company deems
necessary for the grant of Purchase Rights or the lawful issuance and sale of Common Stock under the Plan, and at a commercially reasonable
cost, the Company will be relieved from any liability for failure to grant Purchase Rights and/or to issue and sell Common Stock upon exercise of
such Purchase Rights.
10. Designation of Beneficiary.
(a) The Company may, but is not obligated to, permit a Participant to submit a form designating a beneficiary who will receive any shares of
Common Stock and/or Contributions from the Participant's account under the Plan if the Participant dies before such shares and/or Contributions
are delivered to the Participant. The Company may, but is not obligated to, permit the Participant to change such designation of beneficiary. Any
such designation and/or change must be on a form approved by the Company.

(b)  If a Participant dies, and in the absence of a valid beneficiary designation, the Company will deliver any shares of Common Stock
and/or Contributions to the executor or administrator of the estate of the Participant. If no executor or administrator has been appointed (to the
knowledge of the Company), the Company, in its sole discretion, may deliver such shares of Common Stock and/or Contributions to the
Participant's spouse, dependents or relatives, or if no spouse, dependent or relative is known to the Company, then to such other person as the
Company may designate.
11. Adjustments upon Changes in Common Stock; Corporate Transactions.
(a) On a Capitalization Adjustment, the Board will appropriately and proportionately adjust: (i) the class(es) and maximum number of
securities subject to the Plan pursuant to Section 3(a); (ii) the class(es) and number of securities subject to, and the purchase price applicable to
outstanding Offerings and Purchase Rights; and (iii) the class(es) and number of securities that are the subject of the purchase limits under each
ongoing Offering. The Board will make these adjustments, and its determination will be final, binding and conclusive.
(b) On a Corporate Transaction, then: (i) any surviving corporation or acquiring corporation (or the surviving or acquiring corporation's
parent company) may assume or continue outstanding Purchase Rights or may substitute similar rights (including a right to acquire the same
consideration paid to the stockholders in the Corporate Transaction) for outstanding Purchase Rights; or (ii) if any surviving or acquiring
corporation (or its parent company) does not assume or continue such Purchase Rights or does not substitute similar rights for such Purchase
Rights, then the Participants' accumulated Contributions will be used to purchase shares of Common Stock within ten business days prior to the
Corporate Transaction under the outstanding Purchase Rights, and the Purchase Rights will terminate immediately after such purchase.
12. Amendment, Termination or Suspension of the Plan.
(a) The Board may amend the Plan at any time in any respect the Board deems necessary or advisable. However, except as provided in
Section 11(a) relating to Capitalization Adjustments, stockholder approval will be required for any amendment of the Plan for which stockholder
approval is required by applicable law or listing requirements, including any amendment that either (i) materially increases the number of shares
of Common Stock available for issuance under the Plan, (ii) materially expands the class of individuals eligible to become Participants and
receive Purchase Rights, (iii) materially increases the benefits accruing to Participants under the Plan or materially reduces the price at which
shares of Common Stock may be purchased under the Plan, (iv) materially extends the term of the Plan, or (v) expands the types of awards
available for issuance under the Plan, but in each of (i) through (v) above only to the extent stockholder approval is required by applicable law or
listing requirements.
(b) The Board may suspend or terminate the Plan at any time. No Purchase Rights may be granted under the Plan while the Plan is
suspended or after it is terminated.
(c) Any benefits, privileges, entitlements and obligations under any outstanding Purchase Rights granted before an amendment,
suspension or termination of the Plan will not be materially impaired by any such amendment, suspension or termination except (i) with the
consent of the person to whom such Purchase Rights were granted, (ii) as necessary to comply with any laws, listing requirements, or
governmental regulations (including, without limitation, the provisions of Section 423 of the Code and the regulations and other interpretive
guidance issued thereunder relating to Employee Stock Purchase Plans) including without limitation any such regulations or other guidance that
may be issued or amended after the Effective Date, or (iii) as necessary to obtain or maintain favorable tax, listing, or regulatory treatment. To be
clear, the Board may amend outstanding Purchase Rights without a Participant's consent if such amendment is necessary to ensure that the
Purchase Right and/or the Plan comply with the requirements of Section 423 of the Code.
13. Code Section 409A; Tax Qualification.
(a) Purchase Rights granted under the 423 Component are intended to be exempt from the application of Section 409A of the Code under
Treasury Regulation Section 1.409A-1(b)(5)(ii). Purchase Rights granted under the Non-423 Component to U.S. taxpayers are intended to be
exempt from the application of Section 409A of the Code under the

short-term deferral exception and any ambiguities will be construed and interpreted in accordance with such intent. Subject to Section 13(b)
hereof, Purchase Rights granted to U.S. taxpayers under the Non-423 Component will be subject to such terms and conditions that will permit
such Purchase Rights to satisfy the requirements of the short-term deferral exception available under Section 409A of the Code, including the
requirement that the shares subject to a Purchase Right be delivered within the short-term deferral period. Subject to Section 13(b) hereof, in the
case of a Participant who would otherwise be subject to Section 409A of the Code, to the extent the Board determines that a Purchase Right or
the exercise, payment, settlement or deferral thereof is subject to Section 409A of the Code, the Purchase Right will be granted, exercised, paid,
settled or deferred in a manner that will comply with Section 409A of the Code, including U.S. Department of Treasury regulations and other
interpretive guidance issued thereunder, including without limitation any such regulations or other guidance that may be issued after the adoption
of the Plan. Notwithstanding the foregoing, the Company will have no liability to a Participant or any other party if the Purchase Right that is
intended to be exempt from or compliant with Section 409A of the Code is not so exempt or compliant or for any action taken by the Board with
respect thereto.
(b) Although the Company may endeavor to (i) qualify a Purchase Right for favorable tax treatment under the laws of the United States or
jurisdictions outside of the United States or (ii) avoid adverse tax treatment (e.g., under Section 409A of the Code), the Company makes no
representation to that effect and expressly disavows any covenant to maintain favorable or avoid unfavorable tax treatment, notwithstanding
anything to the contrary in this Plan, including Section 13(a) hereof. The Company will be unconstrained in its corporate activities without regard
to the potential negative tax impact on Participants under the Plan.
14. Effective Date of Plan.
The Plan will become effective on the Effective Date. No Purchase Rights will be exercised unless and until the Plan has been approved by
the stockholders of the Company, which approval must be within 12 months before or after the date the Plan is adopted (or if required under
Section 12(a) above, materially amended) by the Board.
15. Miscellaneous Provisions.
(a) Proceeds from the sale of shares of Common Stock pursuant to Purchase Rights will constitute general funds of the Company.
(b) A Participant will not be deemed to be the holder of, or to have any of the rights of a holder with respect to, shares of Common Stock
subject to Purchase Rights unless and until the Participant's shares of Common Stock acquired upon exercise of Purchase Rights are recorded
in the books of the Company (or its transfer agent).
(c) The Plan and Offering do not constitute an employment contract. Nothing in the Plan or in the Offering will in any way alter the at will
nature of a Participant's employment, if applicable, or be deemed to create in any way whatsoever any obligation on the part of any Participant to
continue in the employ of the Company or a Related Corporation or an Affiliate, or on the part of the Company or a Related Corporation or an
Affiliate to continue the employment of a Participant.
(d) The provisions of the Plan will be governed by the laws of the State of California without resort to that state's conflicts of laws rules.
(e) If any particular provision of the Plan is found to be invalid or otherwise unenforceable, such provision will not affect the other provisions
of the Plan, but the Plan will be construed in all respects as if such invalid provision were omitted.
16. Definitions.
As used in the Plan, the following definitions will apply to the capitalized terms indicated below:
(a) “423 Component” means the part of the Plan, which excludes the Non-423 Component, pursuant to which Purchase Rights that satisfy
the requirements for Employee Stock Purchase Plans may be granted to Eligible Employees.

(b) “Affiliate” means any branch or representative office of a Related Corporation, as determined by the Board, whether now or hereafter
existing.
(c)  “Board” means the Board of Directors of the Company.
(d)  “Capitalization Adjustment” means any change that is made in, or other events that occur with respect to, the Common Stock subject
to the Plan or subject to any Purchase Right after the Effective Date without the receipt of consideration by the Company through merger,
consolidation, reorganization, recapitalization, reincorporation, stock dividend, dividend in property other than cash, large nonrecurring cash
dividend, stock split, liquidating dividend, combination of shares, exchange of shares, change in corporate structure or other similar equity
restructuring transaction, as that term is used in Financial Accounting Standards Board Accounting Standards Codification Topic 718 (or any
successor thereto). Notwithstanding the foregoing, the conversion of any convertible securities of the Company will not be treated as a
Capitalization Adjustment.
(e) “Code” means the U.S. Internal Revenue Code of 1986, as amended.
(f)
“Committee” means a committee of one or more members of the Board to whom authority has been delegated by the Board.
(g) “Common Stock” means the common stock of the Company.
(h) “Company” means NVIDIA Corporation, a Delaware corporation.
(i)
“Contributions” means the payroll deductions and other additional payments specifically provided for in the Offering that a Participant
contributes to fund the exercise of a Purchase Right. A Participant may make additional payments into his or her account if specifically provided
for in the Offering, and then only if the Participant has not already had the maximum permitted amount withheld during the Offering through
payroll deductions.
(j)
“Corporate Transaction” means the occurrence, in a single transaction or in a series of related transactions, of any one or more of the
following events:
(i)
the consummation of a sale or other disposition of all or substantially all, as determined by the Board in its sole discretion, of the
consolidated assets of the Company and its Subsidiaries;
(ii)
the consummation of a sale or other disposition of at least 50% of the outstanding securities of the Company;
(iii)
the consummation of a merger, consolidation or similar transaction following which the Company is not the surviving corporation;
or
(iv)
the consummation of a merger, consolidation or similar transaction following which the Company is the surviving corporation but
the shares of Common Stock outstanding immediately preceding the merger, consolidation or similar transaction are converted or
exchanged by virtue of the merger, consolidation or similar transaction into other property, whether in the form of securities, cash
or otherwise.
To the extent required for compliance with Section 409A of the Code, in no event will an event be deemed a Corporate Transaction if such
transaction is not also a “change in the ownership or effective control of” the Company or “a change in the ownership of a substantial portion of
the asset of” the Company as determined under Treasury Regulation Section 1.409A-3(i)(5) (without regard to any alternative definition
thereunder).
(k) “Designated Non-423 Corporation” means any Related Corporation or Affiliate selected by the Board as eligible to participate in the
Non-423 Component.
(l)
“Designated Company” means a Designated Non-423 Corporation or Designated 423 Corporation.
(m) “Designated 423 Corporation” means any Related Corporation selected by the Board as eligible to participate in the 423 Component.
(n) “Director” means a member of the Board.

(o) “Effective Date” means the effective date of this Plan document, which is the date of the 2012 Annual Meeting of Shareholders of the
Company provided this Plan is approved by the Company's stockholders at such meeting.
(p) “Eligible Employee” means an Employee who meets the requirements set forth in the document(s) governing the Offering for eligibility
to participate in the Offering, provided that such Employee also meets the requirements for eligibility to participate set forth in the Plan.
(q) “Employee” means any person, including an Officer or Director, who is treated as an employee in the records of the Company or a
Related Corporation (including an Affiliate). However, service solely as a Director, or payment of a fee for such services, will not cause a Director
to be considered an “Employee” for purposes of the Plan.
(r)
“Employee Stock Purchase Plan” means a plan that grants Purchase Rights intended to be options issued under an “employee stock
purchase plan,” as that term is defined in Section 423(b) of the Code.
(s) “Exchange Act” means the U.S. Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended.
(t)
“Fair Market Value” means, as of any date, the value of the Common Stock determined as follows:
(i)
If the Common Stock is listed on any established stock exchange or traded on any established market, the Fair Market Value of a
share of Common Stock will be the closing sales price for such stock as quoted on such exchange or market (or the exchange or
market with the greatest volume of trading in the Common Stock) on the date of determination, as reported in such source as
the Board deems reliable. Unless otherwise provided by the Board, if there is no closing sales price for the Common Stock on the
date of determination, then the Fair Market Value will be the closing sales price on the last preceding date for which such quotation
exists.
(ii)
In the absence of such markets for the Common Stock, the Fair Market Value will be determined by the Board in good faith in
compliance with applicable laws.
(u)  “Non-423 Component” means the part of the Plan, which excludes the 423 Component, pursuant to which Purchase Rights that are
not intended to satisfy the requirements for Employee Stock Purchase Plans may be granted to Eligible Employees.
(v) “Offering” means the grant to Eligible Employees of Purchase Rights, with the exercise of those Purchase Rights automatically
occurring at the end of one or more Purchase Periods. The terms and conditions of an Offering will generally be set forth in the “Offering
Document” approved by the Board for that Offering.
(w) “Offering Date” means a date selected by the Board for an Offering to commence.
(x) “Offering Date Price” means, with respect to each Participant participating in an Offering, the Fair Market Value of a share of Common
Stock on the Offering Date applicable to such Participant (i.e., the date on which such Participant is granted a Purchase Right for such Offering).
(y) “Officer” means a person who is an officer of the Company or a Related Corporation within the meaning of Section 16 of the Exchange
Act and the rules and regulations promulgated thereunder.
(z) “Participant” means an Eligible Employee who holds an outstanding Purchase Right.
(aa) “Plan” means this NVIDIA Corporation Amended and Restated 2012 Employee Stock Purchase Plan, including both the 423 and Non-
423 Components, as amended from time to time.
(bb) “Purchase Date” means one or more dates during an Offering selected by the Board on which Purchase Rights will be exercised and
on which purchases of shares of Common Stock will be carried out in accordance with such Offering.
(cc) “Purchase Period” means a period of time specified within an Offering, generally beginning on the Offering Date or on the first Trading
Day following a Purchase Date, and ending on a Purchase Date. An Offering may consist of one or more Purchase Periods.

(dd) “Purchase Right” means an option to purchase shares of Common Stock granted pursuant to the Plan.
(ee) “Related Corporation” means any “parent corporation” or “subsidiary corporation” of the Company whether now or subsequently
established, as those terms are defined in Sections 424(e) and 424(f), respectively, of the Code.
(ff) “Securities Act” means the U.S. Securities Act of 1933, as amended.
(gg) “Trading Day” means any day on which the exchange(s) or market(s) on which shares of Common Stock are listed, including but not
limited to the NYSE, Nasdaq Global Select Market, the Nasdaq Global Market, the Nasdaq Capital Market or any successors thereto, is open for
trading.

    
INSIDER TRADING POLICY
This Policy applies to NVIDIA employees, board members, contractors and consultants. If you use a third party to trade on your behalf, you are responsible for
ensuring they adhere to this Policy in any activity they perform for you.
Any trading activity by persons in your household, family members, or anyone subject to your influence may create an appearance of misconduct, exposing you
and NVIDIA to significant legal risk.
Policy Statement | Responsibilities
“MNPI” is material, non-public information. Information is material if it would influence a reasonable investor to trade or would significantly alter the total mix of
publicly available information. Information is non-public if it has not yet been broadly released to the public by way of a press release, conference call, public
filing, or similar means of public dissemination.
While most NVIDIA employees work with company confidential information, only a small subset of non-public information rises to the level of MNPI. Examples of
material information could include: financial results; significant mergers or acquisitions; major contracts; significant information regarding NVIDIA’s products and
services; significant information about competition, customers, or market demand; major cybersecurity breaches, data protection or privacy incidents; key
personnel changes; significant litigation; or material regulatory activity.
BLANKET PROHIBITIONS
Federal and state insider trading laws prohibit transacting in securities of any company when in possession of MNPI relevant to that company.
Federal and state laws also prohibit “tipping” or disclosing MNPI to third parties who then transact on that information—the tipper can be legally liable even if
they do not benefit financially from any transaction.
The following additional activities also are restricted at all times, regardless of whether you have MNPI or whether NVIDIA’s trading window (if applicable to you)
is open:
•
Trading in NVIDIA Derivatives. You may not trade in derivatives of NVIDIA securities, including call and put options.
•
Hedging or Shorting NVIDIA. You may not engage in any form of hedging involving NVIDIA securities, including equity swaps, prepaid forward sale
contracts, collars, straddles, or similar instruments. You may not short NVIDIA securities.
•
Purchasing or Holding NVIDIA on Margin. You may not purchase NVIDIA securities on margin or hold them in a margin account.
•
Pledging NVIDIA Securities. You may not pledge NVIDIA securities as collateral for a loan.
•
Providing Information to the Press or Financial Community. Unless you are expressly authorized and are performing your job duties for NVIDIA, you
may not provide information to the press or the financial community regarding NVIDIA, competition, customers, market demand, or any other information
that could be deemed relevant by stockholders, financial analysts, broker-dealers, or investment research firms.
ADDITIONAL RESTRICTIONS APPLICABLE TO “DESIGNATED INDIVIDUALS” ONLY
Designated Individuals’ work involves access to financial information that may be material. Check whether you are a Designated Individual in Workday under
“Current Equity Data”. If you are a Designated Individual, you may not trade in or gift NVIDIA securities during the quarterly closed trading window, which starts
five weeks prior to the end of the fiscal quarter and generally reopens on the 2  trading day after the quarter’s earnings results are announced, other than
pursuant to a 10b5-1 trading plan (as described below), regardless of whether you have MNPI.
SPECIAL RESTRICTIONS
Even if you are not a Designated Individual, NVIDIA may impose a special trading restriction on those who become aware of non-public information that raises a
risk of insider trading. You will be notified by Legal if you become subject to a special trading restriction. If so, you may not trade in NVIDIA securities until you
are notified that the special restriction has ended.
EXCEPTIONS
The prohibited activities above do not apply to:
•
10b5-1 Trades. Trades pursuant to a 10b5-1 plan already in effect may execute even while you possess MNPI and/or during an applicable closed trading
window. See NVIDIA’s Rule 10b5-1 Trading Plan Guidelines for applicable requirements.
nd
Policy Name: Insider Trading Policy    
Policy Owner: Legal
Application: Global
Last Updated: 20 FEB 2025; Effective: 22 SEP 2021
Page 1 of 2

    
INSIDER TRADING POLICY
•
Restricted Stock Unit (RSU) Vests and Employee Stock Purchase Plan (ESPP). The automatic deduction of shares by NVIDIA to satisfy tax
withholding liabilities at RSU vest, and your election to participate in the NVIDIA ESPP and purchase ESPP shares, may occur even while you possess
MNPI and/or during an applicable closed trading window.
•
Exchange Funds. Investments in exchange funds using NVIDIA stock may be permitted on a case-by-case basis if the fund is broadly diversified. Contact
Corporate Legal in advance to review and approve your participation.
•
Mutual Funds and Exchange-Traded Products. Trading in single-stock exchange-traded products (such as ETFs) for any company’s securities is treated
as trading in that company’s securities. However, you may trade in mutual funds that invest in, or non-single stock exchange-traded products that contain,
NVIDIA stock.
•
Gifts. You may gift NVIDIA shares while you possess MNPI and/or during an applicable closed trading window if: (1) the gift is for estate planning purposes
(such as to family members or a trust you control), (2) you retain beneficial ownership of the shares, (3) the gift recipient complies with this Policy, and (4)
you do not have reason to believe that the gift recipient intends to sell the shares while you possess MNPI and/or during an applicable closed trading
window.
PRECLEARANCE
Section 16 directors and officers must obtain from Corporate Legal preclearance of any transaction in NVIDIA’s stock.
COMPLIANCE | VIOLATIONS and CONSEQUENCES
The consequences of violating insider trading laws are severe and could include fines and imprisonment. Additionally, a violation of this Policy may result in
discipline, up to and including termination of employment or engagement with NVIDIA.
Speak Up | Reporting Concerns
If you are aware of a potential violation of this Policy, report it to Corporate Legal. You may submit a report anonymously by using NVIDIA’s Speak Up system
through EthicsPoint at *-***-***-**** (U.S.) or online. NVIDIA will take appropriate measures to maintain confidentiality and will not retaliate against anyone who
reports a good faith concern or cooperates with an investigation.
Questions
If you have questions about this Policy, contact Corporate Legal for guidance before proceeding with any trades or communicating potential MNPI to others.
Policy Name: Insider Trading Policy    
Policy Owner: Legal
Application: Global
Last Updated: 20 FEB 2025; Effective: 22 SEP 2021
Page 2 of 2

EXHIBIT 21.1
SUBSIDIARIES OF REGISTRANT
The following is a list of subsidiaries of NVIDIA Corporation as of January 26, 2025, omitting subsidiaries which, considered in the aggregate,
would not constitute a significant subsidiary.
Subsidiaries of Registrant (All 100% owned)
State or Other Jurisdiction of Incorporation
Mellanox Technologies, Ltd
Israel
NVIDIA International, Inc.
Delaware, U.S.
NVIDIA Singapore Pte Ltd
Singapore

EXHIBIT 23.1
CONSENT OF INDEPENDENT REGISTERED PUBLIC ACCOUNTING FIRM
We hereby consent to the incorporation by reference in the Registration Statements on Form S-3 (No. 333-270119) and Form S-8 (Nos. 333-
74905, 333-51520, 333-74868, 333-100010, 333-106191, 333-114375, 333-123933, 333-132493, 333-140021, 333-143953, 333-181625, 333-
185036, 333-188775, 333-196259, 333-211615, 333-229774, 333-249570, and 333-267207) of NVIDIA Corporation of our report dated February
26, 2025 relating to the financial statements, financial statement schedule and the effectiveness of internal control over financial reporting,
which appears in this Form 10-K.
/s/ PricewaterhouseCoopers LLP
San Jose, California
February 26, 2025

  EXHIBIT 31.1
CERTIFICATION
I, Jen-Hsun Huang, certify that:
1.  I have reviewed this Annual Report on Form 10-K of NVIDIA Corporation;
2.  Based on my knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary to
make the statements made, in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made, not misleading with respect to the period
covered by this report;
3.  Based on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial information included in this report, fairly present in all material respects
the financial condition, results of operations and cash flows of the registrant as of, and for, the periods presented in this report;
4.    The registrant's other certifying officer(s) and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures (as
defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) and internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-
15(f) and 15d-15(f)) for the registrant and have:  
(a) designed such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision,
to ensure that material information relating to the registrant, including its consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to us by others within those
entities, particularly during the period in which this report is being prepared;
(b) designed such internal control over financial reporting, or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed under our
supervision, to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for
external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles;
(c) evaluated the effectiveness of the registrant's disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions about the
effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation; and
(d) disclosed in this report any change in the registrant's internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the registrant's most recent
fiscal quarter (the registrant's fourth fiscal quarter in the case of an annual report) that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially
affect, the registrant's internal control over financial reporting; and
5.  The registrant's other certifying officer(s) and I have disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation of internal control over financial reporting,
to the registrant's auditors and the audit committee of the registrant's board of directors (or persons performing the equivalent functions):  
(a) all significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which are reasonably
likely to adversely affect the registrant's ability to record, process, summarize and report financial information; and
(b) any fraud, whether or not material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the registrant's internal
control over financial reporting.
Date:  February 26, 2025
/s/ JEN-HSUN HUANG
Jen-Hsun Huang        
President and Chief Executive Officer 

EXHIBIT 31.2
 
CERTIFICATION
I, Colette M. Kress, certify that:
1.  I have reviewed this Annual Report on Form 10-K of NVIDIA Corporation;
2. Based on my knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary to
make the statements made, in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made, not misleading with respect to the period
covered by this report;
3.  Based on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial information included in this report, fairly present in all material respects
the financial condition, results of operations and cash flows of the registrant as of, and for, the periods presented in this report;
4.    The registrant's other certifying officer(s) and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures (as
defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) and internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-
15(f) and 15d-15(f)) for the registrant and have:  
(a) designed such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision,
to ensure that material information relating to the registrant, including its consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to us by others within those
entities, particularly during the period in which this report is being prepared;
(b) designed such internal control over financial reporting, or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed under our
supervision, to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for
external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles;
(c) evaluated the effectiveness of the registrant's disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions about the
effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation; and
(d) disclosed in this report any change in the registrant's internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the registrant's most recent
fiscal quarter (the registrant's fourth fiscal quarter in the case of an annual report) that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially
affect, the registrant's internal control over financial reporting; and
5.  The registrant's other certifying officer(s) and I have disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation of internal control over financial reporting,
to the registrant's auditors and the audit committee of the registrant's board of directors (or persons performing the equivalent functions):
(a) all significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which are reasonably
likely to adversely affect the registrant's ability to record, process, summarize and report financial information; and
(b) any fraud, whether or not material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the registrant's internal
control over financial reporting.
Date:  February 26, 2025
/s/ COLETTE M. KRESS 
Colette M. Kress
Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer

EXHIBIT 32.1
 
CERTIFICATION 
Pursuant to the requirement set forth in Rule 13a-14(b) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended (the “Exchange Act”), and
Section 1350 of Chapter 63 of Title 18 of the United States Code (18 U.S.C. § 1350), Jen-Hsun Huang, the President and Chief Executive
Officer of NVIDIA Corporation (the “Company”), hereby certifies that, to the best of his knowledge:
1.  The Company's Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended January 26, 2025, to which this Certification is attached as Exhibit 32.1 (the
“Periodic Report”), fully complies with the requirements of Section 13(a) or Section 15(d) of the Exchange Act; and
2.  The information contained in the Periodic Report fairly presents, in all material respects, the financial condition of the Company at the end of
the period covered by the Periodic Report and results of operations of the Company for the period covered by the Periodic Report.
Date:  February 26, 2025
/s/ JEN-HSUN HUANG
Jen-Hsun Huang    
President and Chief Executive Officer
A signed original of this written statement required by Section 906 of 18 U.S.C. § 1350 has been provided to NVIDIA Corporation and will be
retained by NVIDIA Corporation and furnished to the Securities and Exchange Commission or its staff upon request.
  
This certification accompanies the Form 10-K to which it relates, is not deemed filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission and is
not to be incorporated by reference into any filing of the Company under the Securities Act of 1933, as amended, or the Exchange Act (whether
made before or after the date of the Form 10-K), irrespective of any general incorporation language contained in such filing.

EXHIBIT 32.2
 
CERTIFICATION
Pursuant to the requirement set forth in Rule 13a-14(b) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended (the “Exchange Act”), and
Section 1350 of Chapter 63 of Title 18 of the United States Code (18 U.S.C. § 1350), Colette M. Kress, Executive Vice President and Chief
Financial Officer of NVIDIA Corporation (the “Company”), hereby certifies that, to the best of her knowledge:
1. The Company's Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended January 26, 2025, to which this Certification is attached as Exhibit 32.2 (the
“Periodic Report”), fully complies with the requirements of Section 13(a) or Section 15(d) of the Exchange Act; and
2. The information contained in the Periodic Report fairly presents, in all material respects, the financial condition of the Company at the end of
the period covered by the Periodic Report and results of operations of the Company for the period covered by the Periodic Report.
Date:  February 26, 2025
/s/ COLETTE M. KRESS 
Colette M. Kress
Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer
  
A signed original of this written statement required by Section 906 of 18 U.S.C. § 1350 has been provided to NVIDIA Corporation and will be
retained by NVIDIA Corporation and furnished to the Securities and Exchange Commission or its staff upon request.
  
This certification accompanies the Form 10-K to which it relates, is not deemed filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission and is
not to be incorporated by reference into any filing of the Company under the Securities Act of 1933, as amended, or the Exchange Act (whether
made before or after the date of the Form 10-K), irrespective of any general incorporation language contained in such filing.

