 
 
 
 
 
 
2024 FORCED LABOR, HUMAN TRAFFICKING, AND CHILD LABOR 
STATEMENT  
 
 
NVIDIA Corporation  
Application: Global 
Policy Name: 2024 Forced Labor, Human Trafficking, and Child Labor Statement  
Effective: 29 MAY 2024 
                                                               
 
Page 1 of 5     
 
Last Updated: May 29th, 2024 
Integral to our vision are NVIDIA's sustainability commitments, including respecting and championing the human rights of our 
employees and ensuring all workers in our supply chain, contracting firms, and managed services are treated with respect and 
dignity. This statement describes the actions taken by NVIDIA Corporation and its subsidiaries during the fiscal year ended 
January 28, 2024, or Fiscal 2024, to prevent forced labor, human trafficking, and child labor in our business and supply chain. 
Please see About this Statement below for further information about how actions taken at the level of NVIDIA Corporation 
apply to our subsidiaries.  
NVIDIA STRUCTURE, BUSINESS, AND OPERATIONS  
NVIDIA pioneered accelerated computing to help solve the most challenging computational problems. NVIDIA, a full-stack 
computing infrastructure company, provides data-center-scale offerings. Our data-center-scale offerings are comprised of 
compute and networking solutions that can scale to tens of thousands of GPU-accelerated servers interconnected to function 
as a single giant computer; this type of data center architecture and scale is needed for the development and deployment of 
modern AI applications. Our full-stack also includes the CUDA programming model that runs on all NVIDIA GPUs, as well as 
hundreds of domain-specific software libraries, software development kits, or SDKs, and Application Programming Interfaces, 
or APIs.  
NVIDIA is headquartered in Silicon Valley, California, in the United States, employs more than 29,000 people, and has offices 
around the world, including in the United Kingdom and Canada.  
We do not directly manufacture our products. We utilize a manufacturing strategy for our products and systems whereby we 
employ suppliers for the manufacturing process, including wafer fabrication, substrates, assembly, testing, and packaging. Our 
contract manufacturers and suppliers are also responsible for procurement of most of the raw materials used in the 
production and assembly of our products.  
We also employ contractors and managed services for many engineering processes, facilities operations, and IT solutions.   
CANADIAN OPERATIONS. NVIDIA Corporation, a Delaware corporation, and NVIDIA Development, Inc., a Nova Scotia 
corporation (NVIDIA Canada) are subject to the Canadian Fighting Against Forced Labor and Child Labor in Supply Chains Act 
(Canadian Act). NVIDIA Canada is a wholly-owned subsidiary of NVIDIA Corporation.  
 
NVIDIA Canada provides marketing services relating to NVIDIA’s products in Canada. NVIDIA Canada also performs 
contracted research and development services and data center infrastructure services for other NVIDIA entities. 
NVIDIA Canada imports materials into Canada for company use and owns a data center that is housed at a third-party 
site in Canada.   
 
NVIDIA Corporation ships products to forward stocking locations and replacement parts to customers in Canada. 
POLICIES RELATED TO FORCED LABOR, HUMAN TRAFFICKING, AND CHILD LABOR  
NVIDIA's Code of Conduct and corporate policies define our corporate governance, promote the interests of our stockholders, 
and establish common expectations within our company. Our Code includes clear provisions regarding human rights, forced 
labor, and child labor, as well as supplier expectations. In it, we specify that we honor human rights including:  
 
Complying with applicable laws and respecting internationally recognized human rights where we operate;  

 
 
 
 
 
 
2024 FORCED LABOR, HUMAN TRAFFICKING, AND CHILD LABOR 
STATEMENT  
 
 
NVIDIA Corporation  
Application: Global 
Policy Name: 2024 Forced Labor, Human Trafficking, and Child Labor Statement  
Effective: 29 MAY 2024 
                                                               
 
Page 2 of 5     
 
 
Not engaging in child labor; forced, bonded, or indentured labor; involuntary prison labor; slavery; trafficking of 
persons; or physical punishment;  
 
Supporting the rights of employees in our suppliers' operations; and  
 
Requiring our suppliers to comply with the Code of Conduct of the Responsible Business Alliance (RBA) and to align 
with other internationally recognized standards related to social and environmental responsibility. 
Our Combatting Trafficking in Persons Policy defines prohibited acts of trafficking or related activities by NVIDIA employees, 
agents, subcontractors (including our suppliers), subcontractor employees, or their agents. We require that our employees 
report any activity inconsistent with this Policy to our Compliance Committee. Employees, subcontractors, or agents of NVIDIA 
who violate this Policy or related legal requirements will be subject to disciplinary action, including termination of employment 
or other relationship with NVIDIA. 
Our Human Rights Policy also states our commitment to key international human rights standards and our endorsement of 
internationally recognized human rights principles, including the United Nations Global Compact, the United Nations Guiding 
Principles, the Universal Declaration of Human Rights, the Core Conventions of the International Labor Organization (ILO), and 
the ILO Declaration on Fundamental Principles and Rights at Work. In our Human Rights Policy, we state that we do not engage 
in child labor, forced, bonded, or indentured labor, involuntary prison labor, slavery, trafficking of persons, or physical 
punishment. We expect suppliers that provide products or services for us to have practices meet or exceed applicable law, the 
RBA Code of Conduct, our Corporate Responsibility Directive, our Code of Conduct, and the Human Rights Policy.  
We drive several of our supply chain initiatives through participation in the RBA. We have adopted the RBA Code of Conduct 
and integrated its elements into our program. Our manufacturing partners who manufacture and assemble our products are 
required to acknowledge and implement the RBA Code of Conduct, which includes a prohibition on forced, bonded, indentured, 
or child labor and human trafficking, to ensure that we address all aspects of responsible supply chain management.  
RISKS, DUE DILIGENCE PROCESSES, AND EFFECTIVENESS  
Due to the nature of our business model and our supplier manufacturing process, there is low risk of modern slavery, human 
trafficking, and child labor within our own business operations. Our exposure to the risk of citations for general labor and 
ethics violations is also low, and we have a robust system for soliciting and rectifying confidential notifications on suspected 
labor or ethics issues.  
Our supply chain has a greater risk in respect of forced labor, trafficking, and child labor than our own operations. To address 
risks in the supply chain, we utilize the RBA-Online system to evaluate potential new suppliers connected to our products 
against product compliance industry standards, social and environmental criteria, use of conflict minerals, the RBA Code of 
Conduct, and NVIDIA’s Code of Conduct. We use the results of the assessment, which includes a spending analysis, to 
determine their overall risk.  
We also engage with certain manufacturing partners, including those who produce or handle NVIDIA production materials, 
those for whom we manage quality requirements, those who design our branded products, and those who we are required to 
work with based on customer agreements (collectively, Strategic Suppliers), through quarterly business reviews.  We measure 
compliance against RBA member requirements and RBA Code of Conduct for our Strategic Suppliers and have conducted 
audits on our product lines. Manufacturing partners are expected to complete an annual self-assessment questionnaire (SAQ), 
and we expect a biennial Validated Assessment Program (VAP) on-site, third-party audits from Strategic Suppliers to validate 
the SAQ. Aside from RBA engagement, we also participate in organizations focused on issues relevant to supplier 

 
 
 
 
 
 
2024 FORCED LABOR, HUMAN TRAFFICKING, AND CHILD LABOR 
STATEMENT  
 
 
NVIDIA Corporation  
Application: Global 
Policy Name: 2024 Forced Labor, Human Trafficking, and Child Labor Statement  
Effective: 29 MAY 2024 
                                                               
 
Page 3 of 5     
 
responsibility, such as the Public-Private Alliance for Responsible Minerals Trade and the Association Connecting Electronics 
Industries.  
Our semiconductor wafer manufacturers and several contract manufacturers are members of the RBA. In Fiscal 2024, we 
screened new manufacturing partners for environmental and social criteria, and maintained ongoing communication regarding 
environmental and social matters with our Strategic Suppliers. We reviewed Strategic Suppliers' VAPs, which involves an end-
to-end process, focused on validating the integrity of audit results, and engaged with suppliers on corrective action plans. 
Accordingly, we worked with certain suppliers to track working hours, to address and comply with policies related to document 
retention, and to address and comply with zero hiring fees. We continue to monitor manufacturing partners to ensure that 
they demonstrate effective processes to ensure conformance and report our progress through our Corporate Responsibility 
Report.  
Additionally, as part of our conflict minerals program, NVIDIA is a member of the Public Private Alliance for Responsible 
Minerals Trade (PPA) and the Responsible Minerals Initiative (RMI), formerly known as the Conflict-Free Sourcing Initiative. 
NVIDIA supports these on-the-ground programs aimed at reducing human rights risks, including forced labor. The PPA 
provides funding and coordination support to organizations working within the Democratic Republic of Congo and adjacent 
countries to develop verifiable conflict-free supply chains; align due diligence programs and practices; encourage responsible 
sourcing from the region; promote transparency; and bolster in-region civil society and governmental capacity. The RMI 
provides companies with tools and resources to make sourcing decisions that improve regulatory compliance and support 
responsible sourcing from conflict-affected and high-risk areas. The Responsible Minerals Assurance Process of the RMI offers 
companies and their suppliers an independent, third-party audit that determines which smelters and refiners can be validated 
as "responsibly sourced," in line with current global standards. 
The Nominating and Corporate Governance Committee of NVIDIA’s Board of Directors has oversight of policies and practices 
in connection with human rights and provides periodic updates to the Board.  At the management level, our Sustainability 
Steering Committee is responsible for reviewing and ensuring the effectiveness of our human rights program. Through this 
governance body and related executive engagement, management undertakes all actions it deems reasonable and necessary 
to ensure compliance with our Human Rights Policy. Additionally, our investigations team will promptly investigate human 
rights allegations it becomes aware of through our Speak Up line and present any findings to the Compliance Committee that 
require the input of that committee.   
REMEDIATION 
In Fiscal 2024, our diligence processes revealed issues related to certain suppliers that engaged in non-compliant activities, 
including hiring fees, document and passport retention, working hours, and penalties for leaving employers prior to specified 
time periods. In various instances we worked with manufacturing partners to have them return hiring fees to employees; allow 
workers to retain documents and passports and provide safe storage options for documents for employees in certain 
circumstances; change practices related to working hours; and change practices penalizing employees for leaving prior to 
specified time periods.  
We understand the risk of loss of income to vulnerable families that can occur because of work to prevent forced labor and 
child labor and address human rights risks in global supply chains. We are not aware of any vulnerable families that have 
experienced loss of income as a result of our responsible supply chain work. As an RBA member, NVIDIA commits to continuous 
improvement; we work to maintain relationships with existing manufacturing partners to address any issues in the supply 
chain to limit the risks of economic consequences for the vulnerable when remediating these issues in the supply chain.  

 
 
 
 
 
 
2024 FORCED LABOR, HUMAN TRAFFICKING, AND CHILD LABOR 
STATEMENT  
 
 
NVIDIA Corporation  
Application: Global 
Policy Name: 2024 Forced Labor, Human Trafficking, and Child Labor Statement  
Effective: 29 MAY 2024 
                                                               
 
Page 4 of 5     
 
TRAINING  
All NVIDIA employees are required to complete training, both upon hire and periodically during employment, on the NVIDIA 
Code of Conduct, which specifically includes our commitment to non­engagement in forced labor, trafficking of persons, and 
child labor. Relevant employees took several RBA e-Learning Academy courses and are engaged in RBA workgroups relevant to 
our supply chain operations.  
SUMMARY  
NVIDIA is committed to the highest standards of ethics and corporate social responsibility to prohibit forced labor, trafficking 
in persons or related activities, and child labor, and encourages our employees, suppliers, and business partners to join our 
commitment to promoting human rights.  
ABOUT THIS STATEMENT 
This statement constitutes NVIDIA’s report pursuant to the UK Modern Slavery Act and the Canadian Act (combined, the Acts) 
for Fiscal 2024. For the Canadian Act, this statement is a joint report and covers the obligations of NVIDIA Canada and NVIDIA 
Corporation. For the UK Modern Slavery Act, this report covers the steps that NVIDIA entities have taken to be compliant with 
the UK Modern Slavery Act in Fiscal 2024. NVIDIA Corporation manages its supply chains centrally and governs all subsidiaries' 
purchasing, importing, or selling activities. All subsidiaries, including NVIDIA Canada and subsidiaries active in the UK, follow the 
corporate policies, processes, and procedures of NVIDIA Corporation. This report’s statements on supply chain governance, 
diligence, and remediation pertain solely to actions at the NVIDIA Corporation level, as subsidiaries are not directly involved in 
these supply chain activities. 
 
 
 

 
 
 
 
 
 
2024 FORCED LABOR, HUMAN TRAFFICKING, AND CHILD LABOR 
STATEMENT  
 
 
NVIDIA Corporation  
Application: Global 
Policy Name: 2024 Forced Labor, Human Trafficking, and Child Labor Statement  
Effective: 29 MAY 2024 
                                                               
 
Page 5 of 5     
 
BOARD OF DIRECTORS APPROVAL AND ATTESTATION  
This Report was approved by the Nominating and Corporate Governance Committee of the Board of Directors of NVIDIA 
Corporation, a Delaware corporation. NVIDIA Development, Inc., a Nova Scotia corporation, is a wholly-owned indirect subsidiary 
of NVIDIA Corporation. 
 
In accordance with the requirements of the Acts, and in particular section 11 of the Canadian Act, I attest that I have reviewed 
the information contained in the report for the entity or entities listed above. Based on my knowledge, and having exercised 
reasonable diligence, I attest that the information in the report is true, accurate and complete in all material respects for the 
purposes of the Acts, for Fiscal 2024.  
 
/s/ Stephen C. Neal 
Stephen C. Neal on behalf of Nvidia Corporation 
Date: May 22, 2024 
 
 
 

