Salesforce Human 
Rights Policy
2024

Our Commitment 
At Salesforce, we are committed to respecting human rights throughout our entire business and value 
chain. In upholding this commitment, we work with governments, industry peers, partners within our 
ecosystem, civil society groups, shareholders, and our customers to promote the realization, enjoyment, 
and fulﬁllment of human rights.   
Salesforce is committed to respecting human rights and our approach is informed by the International 
Bill of Human Rights (consisting of the Universal Declaration of Human Rights, the International 
Covenant on Civil and Political Rights, and the International Covenant on Economic, Social and Cultural 
Rights), as well as the International Labor Organization’s Declaration on Fundamental Principles and 
Rights at Work. Salesforce is also committed to a human rights program based on the actions set out in 
the UN Guiding Principles on Business and Human Rights (UNGPs) and the OECD Guidelines for 
Multinational Enterprises on Responsible Business Conduct. These are the core references that inform 
our approach to conducting human rights due diligence across our own operations and business 
relationships.
In line with established and evolving practices, standards and regulations, we are committed to: (a) 
establishing policy commitment and management systems; (b) assessing actual and potential human 
rights impacts; (c) avoiding, preventing, and mitigating adverse impacts, (d) tracking implementation 
and results; (e) communicating how impacts are addressed; and (f) providing for or cooperating in 
remediation when appropriate. Through this ongoing process, we seek to appropriately understand and 
address evolving risks. Furthermore, we pursue meaningful engagement with aﬀected stakeholders to 
inform our human rights approach and due diligence.
How we implement
To ensure we set up suitable human rights due diligence, we embed our commitment to respect human 
rights within our business processes. For that we work to identify the most salient human rights risks 
connected to our business activities and business relationships (which are captured below in 
“Embedding our commitment across our business processes”), and we regularly review our human rights 
risk analysis. Additionally, to secure adequate oversight and accountability across the business and to 
ensure that human rights issues are directed to the most relevant internal decision-makers, we have 
established an internal governance structure. 
We acknowledge that remedy is an integral part of the corporate responsibility to respect human rights. 
Therefore, we provide grievance mechanisms and work to provide access to remedy in circumstances 
where our business practices may have caused or contributed to an adverse human rights impact. We 
also recognize the importance of monitoring and reporting, and regularly communicate on how we 
implement and perform.
1

Our approach
Salesforce’s company values embody a long-standing respect for human rights. It is these values – trust, 
customer success, innovation, equality, and sustainability – that guide everything we do.
This policy applies to all Salesforce business areas and subsidiaries – including all locations where we 
operate and all of our employees. We take great care to inform our employees about our commitment to 
respecting human rights through this policy and our Code of Conduct. We also expect our suppliers and 
business partners to respect human rights in their own operations and supply chains, as outlined in our 
Global Supplier Code of Conduct.
In line with established and evolving practices, standards and regulations, we are committed to: (a) 
establishing policy commitment and management systems; (b) assessing actual and potential human 
rights impacts; (c) avoiding, preventing, and mitigating adverse impacts, (d) tracking implementation and 
results; (e) communicating how impacts are addressed; and (f) providing for or cooperating in 
remediation when appropriate. Through this ongoing process, we seek to appropriately understand and 
address evolving risks. Furthermore, we pursue meaningful engagement with aﬀected stakeholders to 
inform our human rights approach and due diligence.
Customers and end-users
Privacy: We recognize that privacy is a fundamental human right, and as a cloud service provider, we are 
committed to protecting the privacy and security of our customers’ data in all jurisdictions through policy 
and technology. With trust as our number one value, we regularly reﬁne our comprehensive privacy 
program that accounts for the ever-evolving landscape of global data protection laws. In the context of this 
program, we publicly communicate data collection and processing practices related to individuals’ data 
and the rights associated with processing, and we educate our customers on the use and protection of 
information in our products and services. Additionally, we are actively working with governments and civil 
society organizations to ensure the free ﬂow of data, and protect privacy and data security in the cloud. In 
collaboration with diﬀerent stakeholders, we engage in key initiatives to advance privacy as a company and 
in society, including the Trusted Cloud Principles.
Ethical and Inclusive Products: At Salesforce, we believe that the ethical and inclusive design, 
development, and use of technology are integral to preventing harm and supporting the realization, 
enjoyment, and fulﬁllment of human rights. As we and our stakeholders develop and engage with 
technologies like artiﬁcial intelligence (AI), our core business imperative is to understand how our 
products are used as well as the direct impacts of our technologies in the world. In this context, we have 
deﬁned areas of focus such as: (a) responsible AI & technology - empowering innovators to embed ethics 
into tech products design (especially AI) by considering the intended and unintended consequences of 
our technology, creatively mitigating risks, and minimizing product misuse; (b) setting and adhering to 
benchmarks and standards for AI models and applications including evolving industry practices or 
standards for accuracy, data leakage risk management, bias, and toxicity; (c) ethical use policy - guiding 
the responsible deployment and use of our products and services with principles and processes; and (d) 
product accessibility and inclusive design - designing for and alongside users to unleash innovation for 
everyone. These focus areas are guided by our policies and principles such as our Acceptable Use and 
External-Facing Services Policy, our Artiﬁcial Intelligence Acceptable Use Policy, and our Ethical and 
Humane Use Guiding Principles. Salesforce is a member of the UNESCO Business Council for Ethics of AI, 
and has committed to integrate the values and principles of UNESCO’s Recommendation on the Ethics of 
Artiﬁcial Intelligence. Salesforce also references the OECD AI Principles to inform a human-centric 
approach to trusted, ethical AI.
2
Embedding our commitment
across our business processes

Employees
Health and Safety: We are committed to providing a healthy and safe work environment to our 
employees, contractors, interns, volunteers, and guests in line with our Health and Safety Policy. We 
achieve this goal through the implementation of our health and safety management system, which 
promotes open communication and consultation with employees and company leadership, proactive 
identiﬁcation and management of health and safety risks, and compliance with applicable laws and 
regulations. We are committed to preventing incidents and continually improving by setting health and 
safety performance targets and program improvement objectives. We monitor our performance through 
data driven metrics and measure management system conformance and legal compliance via regular 
audits. Every employee is responsible for complying with the requirements documented in our health and 
safety management system. People leaders have the additional responsibility for managing health and 
safety performance on a daily basis, setting a good example at all times, and providing the necessary 
resources for the implementation of the management system.
Equality: Bringing inclusiveness and diversity into our daily workplace is a commitment that we live by, 
therefore equality is one of our core values. At Salesforce, we advocate for equal treatment and 
opportunity throughout all levels of our organization and the communities where we operate. Salesforce is 
an equal opportunity employer and maintains a policy of non-discrimination for employment decisions 
such that hiring, ﬁring, and promoting shall never be based on personal characteristics, such as race, 
religion, color, national origin, sex, sexual orientation, gender expression or identity, transgender status, 
age, disability, veteran or marital status, political viewpoint, or other classiﬁcations protected by law. We 
are committed to providing equal pay for equal work, therefore we monitor our pay practices carefully and 
have systems in place to address unexplained diﬀerences in pay between genders, as well as between race 
and ethnicity. As established in our Code of Conduct, all persons should be treated with dignity and 
respect, and harassment and bullying are not tolerated. In collaboration with diﬀerent stakeholders, we 
continuously engage in various initiatives to increase equality representation as a company and in society, 
including the UN Women's Empowerment Principles.
Wages, Beneﬁts, and Working Hours: We are committed to developing and supporting an active, thriving 
workforce. At Salesforce, we invest in the health and wellbeing of our employees by combining traditional 
beneﬁts with educational wellbeing content. We comply with all applicable wage and hour laws and 
regulations – including those relating to minimum wages, overtime hours, piece rates, and other elements 
of compensation – and provide at least the legally mandated beneﬁts. We are committed to fairly 
compensating our employees for the hours they work, allow suﬃcient rest, and provide generous beneﬁts 
that often go beyond statutory minimums. We respect the legal rights of our employees to associate 
freely, bargain collectively, join or not join trade unions, seek representation, and join workers’ councils in 
accordance with local laws – without fear of reprisal, intimidation, harassment, or retaliation.
Forced Labor, Modern Slavery, and Child Labor: We only use voluntary labor and have processes 
designed to verify that new hires have the right to work in the country location where they’ve been hired, 
or are currently working (such as in the United Kingdom and Australia). We do not use forced or 
involuntary labor of any type (e.g. forced, bonded, indentured, or involuntary prison labor) or any form of 
human traﬃcking. This includes transporting, harboring, recruiting, transferring, or receiving any person by 
means of threat, force, coercion, abduction, or fraud for the purpose of exploitation. All employees, 
including interns, are free to leave work at any time or terminate their employment without reprisal.
3
Embedding our commitment
across our business processes

Employees are not required to surrender any government-issued identiﬁcation, passports, or work permits 
as a condition of employment. There are no unreasonable restrictions on employees’ freedom of 
movement in our workplace or unreasonable restrictions on entering or exiting company-provided 
facilities. We do not use child labor and we support the use of legitimate workplace apprenticeship 
programs, which comply with all the laws and regulations applicable to such apprenticeship programs.
Suppliers
Our suppliers are a critical part of our value chain, and we acknowledge that human rights impacts might 
take place in supply chains. We communicate our human rights requirements to suppliers through our 
Global Supplier Code of Conduct, through which we require suppliers to establish policies, procedures, 
and reasonable documentation to demonstrate compliance with the Supplier Code of Conduct. Our 
suppliers are required to monitor their own operations and those of next-tier suppliers. Human rights 
criteria are increasingly embedded within our suppliers’ onboarding processes and performance reviews. 
Suppliers deemed highest risk on human rights are audited or reviewed on a periodic basis with the help 
of a third-party evaluation service. In order to address potential or actual impacts, we work closely with 
suppliers to develop corrective action plans that lead to prevention, mitigation, or remediation 
accordingly. In addition, we proactively take steps to diversify our supply chain through our Supplier 
Diversity & Inclusion Program.
Communities
We recognize the importance of engaging with aﬀected stakeholders. We cannot do this work alone, so we 
rely on partner organizations (including grantees and subgrantees) and other stakeholders to help us 
identify human rights risks, prevent abuses, and mitigate harm when it occurs in our communities. We 
expect third parties that work with us to abide by the aforementioned policies and principles.
Environmental Sustainability: We support the human right to a safe, clean, healthy, and sustainable 
environment. We understand that climate change and nature loss are pressing issues for humanity, with 
negative impacts weighing heaviest on the world’s most vulnerable communities, amplifying global 
inequality. We acknowledge the urgency of climate action – decarbonization in particular – and the 
importance of halting and reversing nature loss. In light of these global challenges, we are committed to 
addressing the impacts of our business on people and the planet and be a positive force. We advocate for 
policies that advance equitable investments to defend vulnerable communities against the impacts of 
climate change and nature loss, ensure equitable access to critical resources, and enhance sustainable 
livelihoods. This position is demonstrated by our Global Climate Policy Principles, Nature Policy Priorities, 
Ocean-Climate Policy Priorities, Climate Justice Policy Priorities, and our Climate Action Plan.
Indigenous Peoples: We support and recognize local communities and Indigenous peoples as leaders for 
conservation and restoration. In line with our Nature Policy Priorities, we support the right of local 
communities and Indigenous people to Free, Prior, and Informed Consent (FPIC), and their right to 
decision-making and leadership roles concerning the design and beneﬁt allocation of nature-based 
solutions.
Human Rights Defenders: Human rights defenders provide valuable insights into human rights issues. We 
recognize the heightened vulnerability of human rights defenders due to their exposure to threats, 
intimidation, or criminalization. We foster open dialogues and constructive collaborations, and oppose 
actions that threaten, intimidate, or otherwise unduly restrict the work of human rights defenders.
4
Embedding our commitment
across our business processes

Salesforce functional leads and subject matter experts integrate our human rights approach across the 
business. The Human Rights Steering Committee includes team members such as Legal, Ethical and 
Humane Use, Privacy, Employee Success, Equality, Sustainability, Procurement, and Government Aﬀairs. 
They oversee our eﬀorts to monitor and identify salient human rights risks, and to escalate to relevant 
stakeholders including to senior management and the Board of Directors, as appropriate. 
We aspire to continuously improve the implementation of our human rights commitments. 
Our Board, including through its committees, and informed by regular engagement with senior 
management, ultimately oversees Salesforce’s business operations and our environmental, social, and 
governance initiatives, including human rights matters. 
Remediation and grievance mechanisms
We publicly encourage reporting of misconduct in good faith. The reporter, internal or external, is free to 
conﬁdentially express any concerns, including concerns relating to actual or potential violations of law or 
any of our policies (including this policy) or any concerns relating to situations or conduct that may be 
unethical or cause harm. We provide details of the reporting process in our Code of Conduct. Through a 
secure reporting line, we provide an accessible, reliable, and conﬁdential reporting process, with explicit 
non-retaliation commitments, and through which reporters can remain anonymous, where permitted by 
law.
Communicating on how we implement
and perform 
We took a collaborative approach to develop this policy. We worked closely with external human rights 
experts and engaged internal business partners to inform its creation. Our ongoing engagement with 
leading collaborative eﬀorts such as UN Global Compact and the UN Human Rights B-Tech Project also 
inform our management approach.
We will continue to review our position on human rights and ensure that the measures implemented 
remain eﬀective, and are designed to be in compliance with international standards and local regulations.
We recognize that the key to eﬀective policy implementation is ongoing tracking, monitoring, and 
reporting on progress and management of concerns related to human rights. As a global company, we 
continuously work to ﬁnd the best solutions to track, document, and communicate how we implement 
and perform on human rights due diligence across our diverse geographies and businesses. We embed 
human rights reporting within our annual ESG reporting processes, and we tailor our approach according 
to local legal requirements.
This policy will be reviewed annually and on an ad-hoc basis, in the event of a signiﬁcant change or expanded risk situation.
Last policy review date: August 2024
5
Governance structure for oversight
and accountability

