Schedules of Selected 
 Environmental and Social 
Metrics
Salesforce, Inc. 
Salesforce Tower 
415 Mission Street, 3rd Fl 
San Francisco, California 94105 

Index to Schedules of Selected Environmental and Social Metrics
Page No.
Forward Looking Information   ..........................................................................................................................
2
Management’s Discussion of Selected Environmental and Social Metrics    ....................................................
3
Independent Accountants’ Review Report      .......................................................................................................
8
Consolidated Statements of Environmental Metrics     ........................................................................................
10
Notes to Consolidated Statements of Environmental Metrics  .....................................................................
12
Consolidated Statements of Social Metrics   .....................................................................................................
25
Notes to Consolidated Statements of Social Metrics    ..................................................................................
27
1

FORWARD LOOKING INFORMATION
These schedules of Selected Environmental and Social Metrics contains words such as “expect,” “anticipates,” 
“aims,” “projects,” “intends,” “plans,” “believes,” “estimates,” “assumes,” “may,” “will,” “should,” “could,” 
“would,” “potential,” “forecasts,” “predicts,” “targets,” “commitments” and “goals” variations of such words 
and similar expressions. These words are intended to identify such forward-looking statements, which may consist 
of, among other things, trend analyses and statements regarding future events, future financial and climate 
performance and achievement of stated goals, performance, anticipated growth, industry prospects, our business 
plans and growth strategy, our commitments, goals, aims or aspirations regarding environmental social and 
governance matters, including climate change and diversity and inclusion, our strategies, expectations or plans 
regarding our investments, including strategic investments or future acquisitions, our beliefs or expectations 
regarding our competition, our intentions regarding use of future earnings or dividends, our expectations regarding 
the Restructuring Plan, including with respect to timing or costs, our expectations regarding investing in human 
capital and technology or our beliefs or expectations regarding working capital, capital expenditures, debt 
maintenance or commitments. These forward-looking statements are based on current expectations, estimates and 
forecasts, as well as the beliefs and assumptions of our management, and are subject to risks and uncertainties that 
are difficult to predict, including: potential economic downturn and climate change. The achievement or success of 
the matters covered by such forward-looking statements involves risks, uncertainties and assumptions. We 
continually review emissions quantification methodologies and are committed to implementing best practice 
quantification methodologies. Any changes in methodology may result in material changes to our calculations and 
may result in the current and previous periods, including our base year, to be adjusted. These and other risks and 
uncertainties may cause our actual results to differ materially and adversely from those expressed in any forward-
looking statements. Readers are directed to risks and uncertainties identified in the “Risk Factors” section and 
elsewhere in our Annual Report on Form 10-K (“Form 10-K”), filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission 
(“SEC”) on March 6, 2024, for additional detail regarding factors that may cause actual results to be different than 
those expressed in our forward-looking statements. Except as required by law, we undertake no obligation to revise 
or update publicly any forward-looking statements for any reason.
2

MANAGEMENT’S DISCUSSION OF SELECTED ENVIRONMENTAL AND SOCIAL METRICS
Purpose of this document 
Salesforce, Inc. (“Salesforce”, “we”, “us”, “our”) believes that values drive value, and that along with our 
Profitable Growth strategy of driving sustainable top line and bottom line progression, effectively managing our 
priority Environmental, Social, and Governance (“ESG”) topics will help create long-term value for our investors. 
Our core values of Trust, Customer Success, Innovation, Equality and Sustainability guide us as we operationalize 
these values across our company. Transparency is a key pillar of our commitment to ESG excellence. We believe 
companies should clearly report progress and consistently communicate decision-useful information on ESG topics 
to their key stakeholders. Our belief is that comparable, consistent, and verified ESG disclosure is critical to 
understanding the long-term health and resilience of a business. 
The purpose of this document is to report on and provide transparency into our calculation methodologies for 
selected ESG metrics, some of which are subject to a limited assurance third party review by Ernst & Young LLP 
(“EY”) (see Independent Accountants’ Review Report at pg. 7) and to provide a brief commentary on our results 
relative to our key environmental and social goals. Metrics included in this document have been determined based 
on ESG materiality assessments and alignment to our core values of equality and sustainability. We have structured 
this document in a manner similar to our Form 10-K, which includes a brief overview of our key programs and 
goals, selected schedules detailing our key metrics, and footnotes that provide transparency into our calculation 
methodology.
This document should be read in conjunction with our existing disclosures on our longstanding ESG 
programs, which include more comprehensive reporting of our risks, overall strategy, governance structures, goals 
and results, which can be found on our website, in our annual Stakeholder Impact Report, our Climate Action Plan, 
our Task Force on Climate-Related Financial Disclosures (“TCFD”) report, our Form 10-K and our Proxy 
Statements. This document and the content of the various websites referenced throughout this document are not 
incorporated by reference and do not constitute a part of any filing we have made or will make with the SEC, 
regardless of any general incorporation language in such filing.
Environment Overview
Salesforce envisions a net zero, nature positive future for all. We operationalize sustainability into core 
business decisions, supported by rigorous data, to drive efficiency and innovation. Our integrated sustainability 
strategy can be found at salesforce.com/sustainability.
During the fiscal year ended January 31, 2024, we maintained our achievement of three key targets: 
1.
Maintain net zero residual emissions across our full value chain. That means we purchase carbon credits
equivalent to Salesforce’s residual scope 1, 2, and 3 emissions. See our Sustainability FAQs for more about
what net zero residual emissions means to Salesforce.
2.
Procure electricity or renewable energy certificates from renewable energy resources equivalent to 100
percent of the electricity we used globally, calculated based on the methodology described in Notes 7 and 8
to the Consolidated Statements of Environmental Metrics, respectively.
3.
Reduce our scope 1 and 2 market-based method (“MBM”) emissions by 50 percent ahead of our fiscal
2031 target
We also made progress against a number of other environmental targets included below.
Absolute Emissions Reduction and Science-Based Targets:
In fiscal 2019, we set science-based targets (“SBTs”) formally with the Science Based Targets initiative 
(“SBTi”) covering our greenhouse gas (“GHG”) emissions. Our five-year SBT refresh will take place in fiscal 2025. 
These targets are intended to be consistent with reductions required to keep global warming to 1.5°C and include:
1.
Reduce our scope 1 and scope 2 MBM GHG emissions by 50 percent by fiscal 2031 from a fiscal 2019
base year.
2.
Reduce our scope 3 MBM GHG emissions from fuel and energy-related (“FERA”) activities by 50 percent
by fiscal 2031 from a fiscal 2019 base year.
3.
Ensure that suppliers representing 60 percent of our applicable scope 3 location-based method (“LBM”)
GHG emissions, covering purchased goods and services, capital goods, upstream transportation and
distribution, waste generated in operations, and upstream leased assets will set science-based targets by the
end of fiscal 2025.
In fiscal 2022, within our Climate Action Plan, we announced our intentions to reduce our absolute emissions, 
defined as scope 1, scope 2 LBM, and scope 3 LBM emissions from a fiscal 2019 baseline, with science-based goals 
3

of a 50 percent reduction in absolute emissions by fiscal 2031 and 90 percent reduction in absolute emissions by 
fiscal 2041.
In fiscal 2024, our progress towards our selected environmental targets were as follows (emissions figures in 
metric tons carbon dioxide equivalent (“mt CO2e”)): 
Net zero residual emissions target 
Net residual emissions 
0
0
0
610,000
100 percent renewable energy target
Percentage of total global electricity 
procured from renewable energy resources
100%
 100.0 %
 100.0 %
 55.0 %
Absolute emissions reduction goal by fiscal 2031 (1)
Scope 1 emissions
3,000
4,000
6,000
Scope 2 LBM emissions
315,000
280,000
322,000
Scope 3 LBM emissions 
1,293,000
1,275,000
944,000
Total absolute emissions 
1,611,000
1,559,000
1,272,000
Increase (reduction) from 2019 base year
(50)%
 26.7 %
 22.6 %
N/A
Science-based targets: 
Scope 1 & 2 MBM reduction target by fiscal 2031
Scope 1 emissions
3,000
4,000
6,000
Scope 2 MBM emissions
75,000
67,000
181,000
Total Scope 1 and 2 MBM emissions
78,000
71,000
187,000
Reduction from 2019 base year
(50)%
 (58.3) %
 (62.0) %
N/A 
Scope 3 FERA reduction target by fiscal 2031
FERA MBM Scope 3 emissions not included 
in Scope 1 and 2
35,000 
33,000 
48,000
Increase (reduction) from 2019 base year
(50)%
 (27.1) %
 (31.3) %
N/A
Scope 3 supplier engagement target by fiscal 2025
Percentage of applicable Scope 3 LBM 
emissions from suppliers with set SBTs (2)
60%
 25.3 %
 15.8 %
 1.9 %
Fiscal year ended January 31,
Target 
2024
2023
2019 
(Base Year)
(1) The absolute emissions reduction goal of 50 percent is the near term fiscal 2031 target. The long term goal is 90
percent reduction in absolute emissions by fiscal 2041. Both of these goals are calculated from a 2019 base year
and are only achievable with additional innovation and investment. See Climate Action Plan for more details.
(2) In fiscal 2023, we updated our supplier engagement target language with the SBTi to clearly identify the
categories covered by this target.
In fiscal 2024 and 2023 we achieved 100 percent renewable energy and net zero residual emissions. Our net 
zero residual emissions calculation is based on the methodology described in Note 7 to the Consolidated Statements 
of Environmental Metrics and does not currently align with the SBTi’s definition of Net-Zero as published in 
October 2021, which outlines that in order for a company to claim net zero GHG emissions they must (1) set and 
achieve various short and long term emissions targets aligned with 1.5°C global average temperature warming and 
(2) neutralize all residual emissions through carbon dioxide removals (carbon credits associated with projects that
remove carbon dioxide from the atmosphere) after the short and long term emissions targets are achieved.
We support the SBTi’s efforts and plan to achieve our near term absolute emissions reduction targets by fiscal 
2031 and 2041, respectively, ten years earlier than recommended by the SBTi, and by transitioning our carbon credit 
portfolio from avoidance to removal carbon credits over the long term. This transition may result in increased costs 
and present challenges due to our expectation that there will be limited availability of high quality removal carbon 
credits relative to demand from corporate buyers. 
4

In fiscal 2024 and 2023, we reported an increase in absolute emissions as compared to our base year of 26.7 
percent and 22.6 percent, respectively. These increases, compared to the base year, are largely due to the continued 
growth of our business; as we grow, so do our expenditures and corresponding emissions. However, in fiscal 2024, 
we experienced a slowing in the growth of absolute emissions as a result of the Company’s operational excellence 
initiative which lead to decreased expenditures. 
Past emissions inventories have shown that the vast majority of our emissions occur in the upstream value 
chain, particularly in category 1 purchased goods and services. In an effort to improve the accuracy of our value 
chain emissions, we collected higher quality data with more specificity during fiscal 2024. As we transition to 
supplier-specific data, we expect overall scope 3 emissions to decrease relative to the spend-based method due to 
engagement with our supply chain partners as demonstrated below in our scope 3 supplier engagement SBT. 
Specifically, approximately 46 percent of our applicable upstream Scope 3 LBM emissions are calculated using the 
spend-based approach, while 52 percent were determined using the hybrid approach, and the remaining 2 percent 
were calculated using other methodologies. Historically, the majority of our scope 3 emissions were determined 
using the spend-based method. This approach utilizes less specific, industry-average data and serves as a screening 
process to determine the scale and relative magnitude of emissions. The spend-based approach and the hybrid 
approach are discussed in additional detail below.
However, achieving our ambitious absolute emissions reduction goals remain challenging. Given the 
continued growth of our company, systemic global decarbonization is necessary. For further insights into our 
strategies to drive these changes, refer to our Climate Action Plan, which outlines our efforts in education, 
mobilization, innovation, regulation, and policy. 
In fiscal 2024 and 2023, we reported the percentage of applicable scope 3 LBM emissions from suppliers with 
set SBTs as 25.3 and 15.8 percent, respectively. We remain focused on supplier engagement and enablement as we 
strive to meet the target by the end of fiscal 2025.
Environmental Metrics - Including Looking Forward to Fiscal 2025 and Beyond
We continually review emissions quantification methodologies and are committed to implementing best 
practice quantification methodologies. For example, in fiscal 2024, we implemented the hybrid methodology for 
Scope 3 reporting. Historically, Salesforce has calculated emissions for several scope 3 categories using the spend-
based method outlined in the GHG Protocol Scope 3 Calculation Guidance. This approach quantifies emissions 
using less specific, industry-average data and serves as a screening process to determine the size and relative 
magnitude of emissions in the upstream scope 3 categories. Past inventories confirmed the vast majority of 
emissions are in the upstream value chain, particularly in category 1, purchased goods and services. Therefore, to 
improve the accuracy of our value-chain emissions quantification, Salesforce aims to collect higher quality, primary 
data with more supplier specificity. Supplier-specific emissions hold a higher level of emissions data specificity 
compared to the spend-based method. This more specific data can be obtained through a combination of resources 
such as CDP, direct supplier engagement, and publicly available data.
As a result of refinements to our calculation methodology and classification determinations for certain 
categories, we may occasionally update our previously presented emissions.
Changes in fiscal 2024 and beyond may include:
•
Scope 3 emissions – For specific suppliers and categories, such as purchased goods and services, we
implemented a hybrid approach as mentioned above to migrate away from purely spend-based method to
using emissions data obtained directly from our suppliers as more information becomes readily available.
This change is designed to improve the quality of data in our scope 3 emissions disclosures and affect prior
period disclosures.
•
Base year recalculations - We updated the base year, as well as interim years’, numbers to include
emissions from Slack and Tableau, which were acquired in fiscal 2022 and fiscal 2020, respectively, and
the implementation of the hybrid methodology to maintain data consistency and more easily compare our
current year results.
•
Scope 3 MBM and LBM dual presentation - To enhance transparency, we disclosed both Market-Based
(MBM) and Location-Based (LBM) emissions for our scope 3 calculations. The LBM quantifies emissions
based on average energy generation emission factors for defined geographic locations, including local,
subnational, or national boundaries whereas the MBM quantifies emissions based on GHG emissions
emitted by the generators from which the reporter contractually purchases electricity bundled with
5

contractual instruments, or contractual instruments on their own. While we actively pursue renewable 
energy initiatives reflected in our MBM emissions, we recognize the importance of transparently presenting 
our emissions, irrespective of reliance on renewable energy sources.
6

Equality Overview
Equality is a core value at Salesforce. We live this value by fostering a more inclusive workplace and 
advancing greater equality in society. We remain focused on accelerating equality within our organization, across 
the Salesforce ecosystem, and in our communities around the world.
During the fiscal year ended January 31, 2024, we maintained our achievement of two key targets: 
1.
Ensure at least 50 percent of our U.S. employees are made up of underrepresented groups
(“underrepresented groups” or “URG”), which we define as employees who identify as Women, Black,
Latina/o/x, Indigenous, Two or more races, LGBTQ+, People with Disabilities, and Veterans.
2.
Double the U.S. representation of Black employees in leadership positions vice president or higher (VP+)
positions, from October 2019 baseline.
However, in fiscal 2024, Salesforce experienced a significant decrease in hiring volume as compared to 
previous years. The functional and regional mix in hiring both in the U.S. and globally has shifted to be more 
focused in India and on functional roles within Tech and Product. We have also experienced a significant shift in the 
Company's focus on operating margins and business performance, which slowed momentum toward greater 
representation earlier in the year. These factors impacted our ability to drive progress on URM representation in the 
U.S, resulting in not achieving our two URM targets. Going forward, driving results on our representation goals will
require intentional effort across the entire Company and, as such, we are currently assessing future fiscal year
targets.
We also began reporting on a new goal for fiscal 2027 to achieve 40 percent Global Women and Non-binary 
representation.
In fiscal 2024, our progress towards our selected equality goals, all of which have a target year of fiscal 2024 
other than the Global Women and Non-binary representation which has a target year of 2027, were as follows: 
Target
Progress
January 31, 
2024
January, 31, 
2023
Baseline (3)
U.S. Only
50% of workforce made of URG
 50 %
N/A
 51.3 %
 52.0 %
N/A
50% increase in URM (1)
 50 %
 35.2 %
 14.2 %
 14.5 %
 10.5 %
50% increase in URM leadership 
(VP+)(1)
 50 %
 16.2 %
 8.6 %
 8.8 %
 7.4 %
Double Black leadership (VP+) (2)
 100 %
 126.0 %
 3.4 %
 3.7 %
 1.5 %
Global
Women and Non-binary representation 
(4)
 40 %
N/A
 36.3 %
N/A
 36.3 %
(1) Underrepresented minorities (“URM”) is defined as employees who identify as Black, Latina/o/x, Indigenous,
and Two or more races.
(2) Black leadership includes those employees who identify as Black or African American and who hold vice
president roles and higher.
(3) Baseline period for URM workforce and URM in leadership (VP+) is as of July 31, 2019. Baseline period for
Black leadership (VP+) representation is as of October 31, 2019. All measurements without a baseline are a point
in time measurement as opposed to a change.
(4) Non-binary includes both "Gender Non-Binary/Non-Conforming" and "Transgender.”
Equality Metric Measurement
We continually review our equality metric measurement and are committed to implementing best practice 
disclosures. For example, in fiscal 2024, our disclosure of equality and diversity metrics includes all metrics as 
defined by GRI disclosure component 405-1b, disclosing the percentage of employees by level and function across 
gender, age, and ethnicity. 
7

Independent Accountants’ Review Report
To the Board of Directors and Management of Salesforce, Inc.
We have reviewed Salesforce, Inc.’s (“Salesforce”) Consolidated Statements of Environmental
Metrics and Consolidated Statements of Social Metrics (collectively the “Consolidated
Statements”), and the related Notes to the Consolidated Statements (the “Subject Matter”)
included in Salesforce’s Schedules of Selected Environmental and Social Metrics as of and for
the year ended January 31, 2024, in accordance with the criteria set forth in the Notes to the
Consolidated Statements (the “Criteria”). Salesforce’s management is responsible for the
Subject Matter in accordance with the Criteria. Our responsibility is to express a conclusion on
the Subject Matter based on our review.
Our review was conducted in accordance with attestation standards established by the
American Institute of Certified Public Accountants (AICPA) AT-C section 105, Concepts
Common to All Attestation Engagements, and AT-C section 210, Review Engagements. Those
standards require that we plan and perform our review to obtain limited assurance about
whether any material modifications should be made to the Subject Matter in order for it to be in
accordance with the Criteria. The procedures performed in a review vary in nature and timing
from and are substantially less in extent than, an examination, the objective of which is to obtain
reasonable assurance about whether the Subject Matter is in accordance with the Criteria, in all
material respects, in order to express an opinion. Accordingly, we do not express such an
opinion. Because of the limited nature of the engagement, the level of assurance obtained in a
review is substantially lower than the assurance that would have been obtained had an
examination been performed. As such, a review does not provide assurance that we became
aware of all significant matters that would be disclosed in an examination. We believe that the
review evidence obtained is sufficient and appropriate to provide a reasonable basis for our
conclusion.
We are required to be independent of Salesforce and to meet our other ethical responsibilities,
in accordance with the relevant ethical requirements related to our review engagement.
Additionally, we have complied with the other ethical requirements set forth in the Code of
Professional Conduct and applied the Statements on Quality Control Standards established by
the AICPA.
The procedures we performed were based on our professional judgment. Our review consisted
principally of applying analytical procedures, making inquiries of persons responsible for the
subject matter, obtaining an understanding of the data management systems and processes
used to generate, aggregate and report the Subject Matter and performing such other
procedures as we considered necessary in the circumstances.
As described in the Notes to the Consolidated Statements, the Subject Matter is subject to
measurement uncertainties resulting from limitations inherent in the nature and the methods
used for determining such data. The selection of different but acceptable measurement
techniques can result in materially different measurements. The precision of different
measurement techniques may also vary.
8

Furthermore, Scope 3 emissions are calculated based on a significant number of estimations
and management assumptions due to the inherent nature of the Greenhouse Gas Protocol
Corporate Value Chain (Scope 3) Accounting and Reporting Standard as well as the Technical
Guidance for Calculating Scope 3 Emissions criteria.
The information included in Salesforce’s Schedules of Selected Environmental and Social
Metrics, other than the Subject Matter, has not been subjected to the procedures applied in our
review and, accordingly, we express no conclusion on it.
Based on our review, we are not aware of any material modifications that should be made to the
Consolidated Statements of Environmental Metrics, Consolidated Statements of Social Metrics
and the related Notes to the Consolidated Statements as of and for the year ended January 31,
2024 in order for it to be in accordance with the Criteria.

San Francisco, California
March 29, 2024
9

Salesforce, Inc. 
Consolidated Statements of Environmental Metrics 
(in metric tons carbon dioxide equivalent) 
Emissions from operations: 
Scope 1 (1) 
Scope 2 Market-Based method ("MBM") (Note 4) 
Emissions from operations 
Scope 1 
Scope 2 Location-Based Method ("LBM") (Note 4) 
Emissions from operations - LBM 
Emissions from value chain: 
Scope 3 upstream emissions - MBM 
Scope 3 downstream emissions - MBM 
Emissions from value chain - MBM (See Note 2) 
Scope 3 upstream emissions - LBM 
Scope 3 downstream emissions - LBM 
Emissions from value chain - LBM (See Note 2) 
Emissions from operations and value chain - MBM 
Emissions from operations and value chain - LBM 
Neutralization and compensation adjustments: (Note 6) 
Removal carbon credits 
Avoidance carbon credits 
Net residual emissions (Note 7) 
Percentage of total global electricity procured from 
renewable energy resources (Note 8) 
Percentage of applicable scope 3 LBM emissions from 
suppliers with SBTs (Note 9) 
Percentage of applicable scope 3 LBM emissions from 
suppliers committed to setting SBTs (Note 9) (2) 
Fiscal year ended January 31, 
2019 
(Base Year) (3) 
2024 
2023(3)(4) 
(unreviewed) 
3,000 
4,000 
6,000 
75,000 
67,000 
181,000 
78,000 
71,000 
187,000 
3,000 
4,000 
6,000 
315,000 
280,000 
322,000 
318,000 
284,000 
328,000 
1,021,000 
988,000 
750,000 
101,000 
96,000 
30,000 
1,122,000 
1,084,000 
917,000 
1,193,000 
1,171,000 
777,000 
100,000 
104,000 
30,000 
1,293,000 
1,275,000 
944,000 
1,200,000 
1,155,000 
1,104,000 
1,611,000 
1,559,000 
1,272,000 
(294,000) 
(178,000) 
0 
(906,000) 
(1,160,000) 
(344,000) 
0 
0 
760,000 
100 % 
100 % 
55 % 
25.3 % 
15.8 % 
1.9 % 
14.4 % 
35.3 % 
NIA 
(1) Emissions from combusting biodiesel and refrigerants were excluded from scope 1 calculations because these are
biogenic emissions and non-Kyoto Protocol gases are reported separately in accordance with the GHG Protocol.
For example, for fiscal 2024, 203 metric tons of CO2 emissions from combusting biodiesel were excluded as well
as 1,053 metric tons ofrefrigerant emissions from non-Kyoto Protocol gases. Emissions data for direct CO2 
emissions from biologically sequestered carbon (e.g., CO2 from burning biomass/biofuels), are reported
separately from the scopes.
(2) Fiscal 2023 was the first year this metric was reported. For the base year, Fiscal 2019, scope 3 LBM and MBM
values include acquisition emissions data which is reflected at the scope 3 value chain level above, but not
included in the upstream and downstream level.
(3) The 2019 base year was recalculated to include both the hybrid methodology and inclusion of Slack and Tableau.
Fiscal 2023 was recalculated for the hybrid methodology.
10

( 4) For the fiscal year ended January 31, 2023, scope 1 and scope 2 MBM emissions and the percentage of total
global electricity procured from renewable energy resources were subjected to limited assurance. Refer to the
Independent Accountants' Review Report dated March 23, 2023.
See accompanying Notes to Consolidated Statements of Environmental Metrics. 
11 

Salesforce, Inc. 
Notes to Consolidated Statements of Environmental Metrics 
1. Summary of Business and Significant Policies
Description of Business 
Salesforce, Inc. (the "Company") is a global leader in customer relationship management technology that 
brings companies and customers together. With the Customer 360 platform, the Company delivers a single source of 
truth, connecting customer data across systems, apps and devices to help companies sell, service, market and 
conduct commerce from anywhere. Since its founding in 1999, Salesforce has pioneered innovations in cloud, 
mobile, social, analytics and artificial intelligence, enabling companies of every size and industry to transform their 
businesses in the all-digital, work-from-anywhere era. 
The Company's fiscal year ends on January 31. References to fiscal 2024, for example, refer to the fiscal year 
ending January 31, 2024. Fiscal 2019 has been set as the Company's base year (see Note 3). 
Rounding 
Figures in the Consolidated Statements of Environmental Metrics and accompanying footnotes have been 
rounded to the nearest thousand. 
Basis of Presentation 
Scope 1 emissions information has been prepared in accordance with the World Resources Institute ("WRl") I
World Business Council for Sustainable Development's ("WBCSD") Greenhouse Gas ("GHG") Protocol: A 
Corporate Accounting and Reporting Standard, Revised. 
Scope 2 indirect emissions information, calculated using the location-based and market-based methods, have 
been prepared in accordance with the WRl WBCSD GHG Protocol: A Corporate Accounting and Reporting 
Standard, Revised and the WRl WBCSD GHG Protocol Scope 2 Guidance: An amendment to the GHG Protocol 
Corporate Standard. 
Scope 3 GHG emissions information has been prepared in accordance with the WRl WBCSD Corporate 
Value Chain (Scope 3), Accounting and Reporting Standard and the Scope 3 Technical Guidance. 
Collectively, the Greenhouse Gas Protocol: A Corporate Accounting and Reporting Standard, Revised, the 
GHG Protocol Scope 2 Guidance: An amendment to the GHG Protocol Corporate Standard, the GHG Protocol 
Corporate Value Chain (Scope 3), Accounting and Reporting Standard, and the Scope 3 Technical Guidance are 
collectively referred to as the "GHG Protocol" in this document. 
GHG emissions included in inventory 
The following GHGs are included as part of the Company's scope 1 and 2 inventory: carbon dioxide (CO2), 
methane (CRi), nitrous oxide (N2O), and hydrofluorocarbons (HFCs). Other GHGs, including perfluorocarbons 
(PFCs), sulfur hexafluoride (SF6), and nitrogen trifluoride (NF3), are not included in the Company's inventory as 
they do not generate material scope 1 or scope 2 emissions as part of the Company's operations. The Company's 
scope 3 inventory includes all seven GHGs covered by the Kyoto Protocol (CO2, CRi, N20, HFCs, PFCs, SF6, and 
NF3). 
The Company does not present all of these GHGs separately, and instead converts all emissions to carbon 
dioxide equivalents (CO2e) for reporting. CO2 is the only significant GHG for the Company, making up 99 percent 
of total emissions. Other GHGs, including CRi, N2O, and emissions from refrigerants make up the remaining 1 
percent. 
12 

Use of Estimates 
The Company bases its estimates and methodologies on historical experience, available information, and 
various other assumptions that it believes to be reasonable. 
Environmental and energy use data used in the preparation of the Consolidated Statements of Environmental 
Metrics are subject to measurement uncertainties resulting from limitations inherent in nature and the methods used 
for determining such data. The selection of different but acceptable measurement techniques can result in materially 
different measurements. The precision of different measurement techniques may also vary. As the Company updates 
its methodologies and as new information becomes available, the Company may continue to revise its estimates, 
assumptions and emissions factors used to calculate its emissions in scope 1, 2 and 3. 
Acquisitions 
Scope 1, 2 and 3 emissions from acquisitions made by the Company are generally accounted for in the fiscal 
year following the acquisition date. For example, in fiscal 2022, the Company acquired Slack Technologies, Inc. 
("Slack") for approximately $27 .1 billion, and emissions for Slack were reflected in the following fiscal 2023 
figured. Both Slack and Tableau, which was acquired in fiscal 2020, acquisitions are included in the base year as 
well as all interim and current year calculations. 
2. Organizational and Operational Boundaries
The Company utilizes the operational control approach, which means it accounts for GHG emissions from 
operations over which it has control. This approach covers the Company's global operations. The Company defines 
operational control as having the authority to introduce and implement operational policies over an asset or a 
location and reports on all emissions for the Company and its wholly owned subsidiaries. 
All known activities within the Company's supply chain but outside of the Company's direct control as 
defined GHG Protocol Scope 3 Categories are recorded within the scope 3 indirect emissions. 
Scope 1 
Direct emissions are from the combustion of fuel from sources that are owned or controlled by the Company 
and include: 
Emissions Source 
Salesforce Boundary Description 
Stationary 
Combustion of natural gas from stationary sources such as boilers and generators occurring 
Combustion 
within owned and occupied buildings. 
Mobile Combustion 
Combustion of fuel from corporate jets contracted by the Company and Company shuttles 
contracted by the Company. Fuel burn rates for corporate jets are obtained from external 
sources and are based on the actual jet types used. 
Scopel 
Indirect emissions are emissions occurring outside of the Company's organizational boundaries to produce 
electricity or heat purchased for use at the Company's locations under the Company's operational control and 
include: 
Emissions Source 
Salesforce Boundary Description 
Purchased Electricity Purchased electricity for all owned and leased offices and data centers. 
Heat/Steam 
Purchased natural gas, diesel, fuel oil and district steam for all leased offices and data 
centers. 
Fugitive Emissions 
Fugitive emissions from refrigerant leaks at all leased offices and data centers that have 
cooling systems with active refrigerants. 
Scope3 
Indirect value chain emissions include emissions from the Company's upstream or downstream value chain 
activities. In accordance with the WRI/WBCSD Corporate Value Chain (Scope 3) Standard, the Company evaluates 
the 15 Categories of emissions as follows, noting that all reported scope 3 emissions are calculated within the 
minimum boundaries for the respective category. Where optional emissions outside of the minimum boundary are 
included they are noted as "optional." In our scope 3 emissions calculations, we have provided a disclosure of both 
MBM and LBM emissions for Categories 1-5, 8, and 13. 
13

In fiscal 2024, we implemented the hybrid methodology. Historically, Salesforce has calculated emissions for 
several scope 3 categories using the spend-based method outlined in the GHG Protocol Scope 3 Calculation 
Guidance. This approach quantifies emissions using industry-average data and serves as a screening process to 
determine the size and relative magnitude of emissions in the upstream scope 3 categories. Past inventories 
confirmed the vast majority of emissions are in the upstream value chain, particularly in category 1, purchased 
goods and services. To improve the accuracy of our value-chain emissions quantification, Salesforce aims to collect 
higher quality, primary data with more supplier specificity. This more specific data can be obtained through a 
combination of resources such as CDP, direct supplier engagement, and publicly available data. 
Scope 3 Category 
Salesforce Boundary Description (1) 
Category 1: 
Upstream emissions associated with purchases of products and services used in operations. 
Purchased goods and 
Relevant spend categories include but are not limited to: cloud computing platfom1 services 
services 
provided by third parties, non-capitalized technology and real estate costs, consulting 
services, marketing and event-related products and services. 
Category 2: Capital 
The company's expenditures including buildings and other fixed asset purchases, data 
goods 
center infrastructure and equipment purchases, financial leases for servers, storage, and 
other data center related peripherals, leasehold improvements such as build-outs or 
modifications made to leased property, and enterprise software and perpetual software 
licenses. 
Category 3: Fuel-
Emissions related to the production of fuels and energy purchased and consumed, not 
and energy-related 
covered in scope 1 and 2. Emissions from fuel and energy-related activities ("FERA") 
emissions not 
includes all upstream activities required to produce the fuels and electricity consumed by 
included in scope 1 or the Company. This includes activities such as extraction, production, and transportation of 
2 
fuels used for combustion or electricity generation as well as transmission and distribution 
losses. 
Category 4: 
Data center shipping and freight activities, third-party transportation services between the 
Upstream 
Company's own facilities and the transportation of products or materials paid for by the 
transportation and 
Company. 
distribution 
Category 5: Waste 
Emissions associated with recycling services and garbage collection and disposal, including 
generated in 
emissions from transportation of waste. Emissions from this category are immaterial and 
operations 
are not disclosed. 
Category 6: Business Employee business travel, including full time and part time employees, paid for by the 
travel 
Company. The Company calculates emissions from commercial air travel, car rentals, 
personal car travel, rail travel, taxi, limousine, and car sharing. The Company also includes 
emissions from the optional category of hotel stays. 
Category 7: 
Emissions resulting from commuting by full-time employees. Any contractors, customers, 
Employee commuting and third-party vendors are not included. This category also includes the optional 
emissions from employees who work remotely for any period of time over the course of the 
reporting period. 
Category 8: 
Emissions from leased assets that are not included in scope 1 or scope 2 boundary. These 
Upstream leased 
primarily include coworking and shared offices. 
assets 
Optional embodied emissions from manufacturing, production and transportation of 
operationally leased technology assets as these products are considered integral to the 
Company's operations. The emissions from direct energy use for leased assets are included 
in scope 2 emissions, with the exception of virtual offices and executive suites, which are 
included in this category. 
Category 9: 
This category has been identified as non-relevant as the Company does not produce any 
Downstream 
physical products that require downstream transportation. 
transportation and 
distribution 
14 

Category 10: 
This category has been identified as non-relevant as the Company does not produce any 
Processing of sold 
physical products that require further processing. 
products 
Category 11: Use of Emissions resulting from electricity usage to power customers' end user devices when 
sold products 
accessing and using the Company's intangible software-as-a-service (SaaS) products. 
Based on a model that assumes that the duration of each instance of use of the Saas product 
constitutes the useful life of that instance and calculates emissions based on actual annual 
usage. 
Category 12: End-of- The Company has concluded the end-of-life emissions related to tangible items sold, which 
life treatment of sold 
include items branded with the Company logo, are negligible and thus irnrnaterial. 
products 
Category 13: 
Energy use and fugitive emissions in spaces that the Company currently subleases and, 
Downstream leased 
therefore, does not maintain operational control including sublease agreements with third-
assets 
party entities in which monthly payments are received. 
Category 14: 
This category has been identified as non-relevant as the Company does not operate any 
Franchises 
franchises. 
Category 15: 
Emissions associated with and energy used by the Company's strategic investment 
Investments 
portfolio investee companies. The Company excludes emissions related to cash and cash 
equivalents and marketable securities. 
(I) Categories 1, 2, 4, 5, 8 are calculated using the hybrid methodology.
3. Base Year (unreviewed)
In fiscal 2019, the Company set science-based targets ("SBTs") covering selected components of its GHG 
emissions. Verifiable emissions data was available and the measurements against fiscal 2019 were meaningful to its 
company targets. Therefore, the Company has deemed fiscal 2019 as the base year for the Company. Emissions data 
is assessed against data from the base year to track and communicate performance. 
The base year emissions are subject to recalculation should a material change be identified, including changes 
in calculation methodology, changes due to data accuracy and structural change including mergers, acquisitions, and 
divestments. The Company has determined that adjustments will be made for the changes listed above impacting 
prior period results by 5% of the total scope 1, 2, and 3 emissions in the base year. 
In fiscal 2024, the Company updated the base year emissions to include its acquisitions, Slack and Tableau. 
Additionally, methodological changes from the hybrid method are incorporated. 
4. Emissions Factors and Global Warming Potentials
The global warming potentials for each GHG are sourced from the Intergovernmental Panel on Climate 
Change Fourth or Fifth Assessment Report, Appendix A: Global Warming Potentials. 
Emissions factors applied by scope are as follows: 
Scopel 
Emission Source 
Emission Factor Em()loyed 
Ty()e 
Stationary and 
The Company uses emissions factors provided by the Environmental Protection Agency 
Mobile Combustion ("EPA") Emission Factors for Greenhouse Gas Inventories 2023. 
Scope 2 
The Company discloses emission factors for both the location-based methodology ("LBM") and the market­
based methodology ("MBM"), in accordance with the GHG Protocol. The LBM quantifies emissions based on 
average energy generation emission factors for defined geographic locations, including local, subnational, or 
national boundaries whereas the MBM quantifies emissions based on GHG emissions emitted by the generators 
from which the reporter contractually purchases electricity bundled with contractual instruments, or contractual 
instruments on their own. To estimate total electricity consumption including the overhead (e.g., cooling), IT 
electricity is multiplied by the power usage effectiveness (PUE). Scope 2 Emissions also references the Information 
and Communication Technology ("ICT") Sector Guidance 'Built on the GHG Protocol Product Life Cycle 
Accounting and Reporting Standard. 
15 

The following emission factors are used in the scope 2 MBM inventory, in accordance with the GHG Protocol 
data hierarchy: 
•
Energy attribute certificates obtained from virtual power purchase agreements ("VPP As") and other
sources;
•
Renewable energy procured by entering into contracts with the Company's suppliers to directly procure
renewable energy
•
Renewable energy procured as result ofrate adjustments or tariffs charged by the Company's utility
suppliers for renewable energy products; and
•
Residual mix - only applicable to European countries.
The following is a reconciliation of scope 2 indirect emissions - LBM to scope 2 indirect emissions - MBM, 
for each of the fiscal years presented (in metric tons CO2e): 
Fiscal year ended January 31, 
2019 
(Base Year) 
2024 
2023(1) 
(unreviewed) 
Scope 2 indirect emissions - LBM 
315,000 
280,000 
322,000 
Impacts of contractual instruments and MBM emission 
factors 
(240,000) 
(213,000) 
(141,000) 
Scope 2 indirect emissions - MBM 
75,000 
67,000 
181,000 
( 1) For the fiscal year ended January 31, 2023 scope 2 LBM and MBM emissions were subjected to limited
assurance. Refer to the Independent Accountants' Review Report dated March 23, 2023.
Emission Source Type 
Emission Factor Employed 
Purchased electricity - LBM Enviromnental Protection Agency Emissions & Generation Resource Integrated 
Database 2021 ("eGRID") and 2023 International Energy Agency ("IEA") 
Purchased electricity 
2021 eGRID, 2023 IEA, and 2022 Association for Issuing Bodies ("AIB") European 
MBM 
Residual Mixes. Residual mix emission factors adjusted to account for voluntary 
purchases are not available for electricity consumption outside of Europe 
Heat/Steam - LBM & MBM 2023 EPA Emission Factors for Greenhouse Gas Inventories 
Fugitive Emissions - LBM 
2007 IPCC AR4 
&MBM 
For fiscal 2024, over 94 percent of the Company's scope 1 and 2 emissions are based on actual consumption 
data. For those circumstances where actual data could not be obtained, the energy consumption data was modeled 
and extrapolated using energy intensity factors from both internal custom factors and the 2018 Commercial 
Buildings Energy Consumption Survey ("CBECS") data. 
16 

Scope3 
The following table includes scope 3 GHG emissions based on the recommended categories in the GHG 
Protocol Scope 3 Guidance that are material and relevant to the Company's overall GHG emissions for each of the 
fiscal years presented in metric tons of carbon dioxide equivalent (CO2e). 
Fiscal year ended January 31, 
2019 
2023 
(Base Year) 
2024 
( on reviewed)( 4) 
( unreviewed)(3)( 4) 
Upstream scope 3 emissions: 
Purchased Goods and services - LBM 
808,000 
847,000 
426,000 
Purchased Goods and services - MBM 
683,000 
735,000 
428,000 
Capital Goods - LBM 
128,000 
103,000 
57,000 
Capital Goods - MBM 
126,000 
101,000 
56,000 
Fuel and energy-related activities not included in 
Scope 1 or 2 - LBM 
80,000 
102,000 
76,000 
Fuel and energy-related activities not included in 
Scope 1 or 2 - MBM 
35,000 
33,000 
48,000 
Upstream transportation and distribution - LBM 
0 
2,000 
1,000 
Upstream transportation and distribution - MBM 
0 
2,000 
1,000 
Business travel (Note 5) 
145,000 
83,000 
129,000 
Employee commuting 
19,000 
8,000 
26,000 
Work from home (1) 
13,000 
24,000 
0 
Upstream leased assets - LBM 
0 
2,000 
62,000 
Upstream leased assets - MBM 
0 
2,000 
62,000 
Upstream Scope 3 emissions - LBM 
1,193,000 
1,171,000 
777,000 
Upstream Scope 3 emissions - MBM 
1,021,000 
988,000 
750,000 
Downstream scope 3 emissions: 
Use of sold products 
39,000 
41,000 
18,000 
Downstream leased assets - LBM (2) 
12,000 
12,000 
0 
Downstream leased assets - MBM (2) 
13,000 
4,000 
0 
Investments 
49,000 
51,000 
12,000 
Downstream Scope 3 emissions - LBM 
100,000 
104,000 
30,000 
Downstream Scope 3 emissions - MBM 
101,000 
96,000 
30,000 
Scope 3 emissions from value chain - LBM (3) 
1,293,000 
1,275,000 
944,000 
Scope 3 emissions from value chain - MBM (3) 
1,122,000 
1,084,000 
917,000 
(1) Work from home emissions were first calculated in fiscal 2021 and were not calculated for fiscal 2019 base year.
(2) Emissions from downstream leased assets, including offices subleased by the Company to third parties, were not
material for the fiscal 2019 base year and, as such, have not been reported.
(3) The base year, fiscal 2019, scope 3 LBM and MBM values include acquisition emissions data which is reflected
at the scope 3 value chain level above, but not included in the category level.
(4) The fiscal 2019 base year and fiscal 2023 was recalculated to include the hybrid methodology.
17 

As described in the tables below, when calculating all relevant scope 3 emissions, the Company used the 
following relevant factors: 
•
Supplier-specific emissions, allocated to Salesforce, sourced from suppliers through CDP or directly;
•
Supplier-specific revenue intensity emission factors, calculated by using the supplier's scope 1, 2 (LBM
and MBM) and upstream scope 3 emissions, obtained from CDP data, and dividing it by total revenue;
•
Environmentally extended input-output ("EEIO") emission factors data "U.S. EPA Supply Chain
Emissions with Margins (SEF+MEF)" published by the U.S. Environmental Protection Agency ("EPA")
Office of Research and Development ("ORD") and adjusted for inflation in calendar year 2023 using the
U.S. Bureau of Labor Statistics ("BLS") Chained Consumer Price Index ("CPI") data;
•
2023 Department for Environment, Food and Rural Affairs ("DEFRA");
•
2023 EPA Emission Factors for Greenhouse Gas Inventories ("U.S. EPA");
•
2023 International Energy Agency ("IEA");
•
U.S. Emissions & Generation Resource Integrated Database 2021 ("eGRID");
•
Association oflssuing Bodies European Residual Mixes 2022 ("AIB'');
•
Hotel Sustainability Benchmark Index ("HSBI") 2023;
•
Actual data and vendor-provided Life Cycle Analysis ("LCA");
•
Non-use phase emission factors; and
•
Internally developed emissions factors
The Company deploys the following relevant calculation methodologies: 
•
Supplier-specific approach - use of cradle-to-gate emissions or emission factors sourced from suppliers,
directly corresponding to the goods and services purchased
•
Hybrid approach - includes a combination of both emissions obtained directly from suppliers and
emissions calculated based on revenue intensity from suppliers spend and emissions
•
Spend-based approach - utilizes annual spend with suppliers and EEIO data to convert spend data to
estimated emissions based on the type of good or services purchased
•
Average-data approach - involves use of secondary emission factors to estimate emissions based on
physical activity data
•
Distance-based approach - use of distance traveled, by mode of transport, to estimate emissions
associated with transportation
•
Energy-based approach - use of energy activity data multiplied by published emission factors per
emission source
18 

The Company applies the following calculation methodology to the relevant scope 3 categories: 
Scope 3 upstream emissions: 
Emissions type 
Percent 
Emission factors 
Emissions calculation methodology (1) 
calculated 
applied 
with 
supplier 
data 
Category 1: 
50% 
Supplier-specific 
Purchased goods and services are calculated using 
Purchased goods 
emissions, supplier-
the supplier-specific approach for select cloud 
and services 
specific revenue 
services providers, the hybrid approach for other 
intensity emission 
key suppliers, and spend-based approach for the 
factors, 
remainder of our purchased goods and services. 
U.S. EPA Supply Chain 
(EEIO) 
Category 2: 
61% 
Leasehold 
Leasehold improvements are calculated using the 
Capital goods 
Improvements: Custom square footage of the leased space multiplied by a 
Life Cycle Analysis 
custom LCA factor derived from an analysis of the 
("LCA") 
embodied emissions of the Company's typical fit 
out for leased office space. 
All other capital goods: 
Supplier-specific 
All other capital goods are calculated using the 
emissions, supplier-
Hybrid methodology and spend-based approach. 
specific revenue 
intensity emission 
factors, 
U.S. EPA Supply Chain 
(EEIO) 
Category 3: 
0% 
2023 IEA Generation; 
Average-data method applied to fuels and electricity 
FERA not 
2023 IEA Fuel-cycle; 
purchased, covering generation well-to-tank (WTT), 
included in Scope 
2023 DEFRA 
transmission and distribution (T&D) losses, and 
1 or 2 
T&D losses WTT. For the location-based approach, 
we remove applicable renewable energy purchases 
from our generation WTT calculation, in 
accordance with the GHG Protocol Scope 2 
Guidance. 
Category 4: 
67% 
Supplier-specific 
Hybrid methodology and spend-based approach 
Upstream 
emissions, supplier-
transportation and 
specific revenue 
distribution 
intensity emission 
factors, 
U.S. EPA Supply Chain 
(EEIO) 
Category 5: 
32% 
Supplier-specific 
Hybrid methodology and spend-based approach 
Waste generated 
emissions, supplier-
Emissions from this category are immaterial and are 
in operations 
specific revenue 
not disclosed. 
intensity emission 
factors, 
U.S. EPA Supply Chain 
(EEIO) 
19

Emissions type 
Percent 
Emission factors 
Emissions calculation methodology (1) 
calculated 
applied 
with 
supplier 
data 
Category 6: 
81% 
Air travel, personal 
Air travel, car rentals, and personal car travel use 
Business travel 
mileage: DEFRA 
the distance-based method as reported by third-
reimbursement; 
party travel agencies. 
Rail and taxi: U.S. EPA 
Rail travel and taxi, limousine, and car sharing use 
the spend based EEIO approach. 
Supply Chain (EEIO); 
Rental car, personal 
Hotel stays are based on the number of nights in a 
hotel as reported by third-party travel agencies. 
mileage reimbursement: 
U.S. EPA 
Well-to-tank factors: 
DEFRA 
hotel stay: HSBI 
Category 7: 
0% 
Employee commute: 
Employee commute is calculated using the distance-
Employee 
DEFRA and Average 
based method by multiplying the distance 
commuting & 
U.S. EPA 
employees commute by the percent per 
Work from home 
Work from home: U.S. 
transportation mode. Then, the emission factor for 
EPA, IEA and DEFRA 
each transportation mode is applied to the calculated 
commute miles. 
Work from home is calculated using the basic 
survey approach in the Anthesis White Paper, 
"Estimating Energy ConsumQtion & GHG 
Emissions for Remote Workers." Specifically, the 
Company leverages an employee commuting and a 
work from home survey to determine the emissions 
profile of the Company's employee commutes and 
remote work. Incremental energy consumption is 
calculated based on the results of the employee 
survey. Then, emission factors are applied based on 
the fuel type and electricity grid location, less 
applicable employee renewable energy. 
Employee commute and work from home data is 
collected from self-reported data to our commuting 
and remote work survey. 
20 

Emissions type 
Percent 
Emission factors 
Emissions calculation methodology (1) 
calculated 
applied 
with 
supplier 
data 
Category 8: 
47% 
Operational leased data Emissions for operational leased data center assets 
Upstream leased 
center assets: 
are calculated using the average-data approach 
assets 
Environmental Product 
which leverages cradle-to-gate LCA emission 
Declaration LCA, U.S. 
factors for servers. Where LCA data for a server 
EPA eGRID, IEA, 
make and model is not available, an average LCA 
factor is applied. An energy-based calculation 
All other upstream 
methodology is utilized for other leased data center 
leased assets: Supplier-
equipment. The Company recognizes the entire 
specific emissions, 
embodied emissions of IT equipment in the first 
supplier-specific 
fiscal year of possession. 
revenue intensity 
emission factors, 
Emissions for all other upstream leased assets in 
U.S. EPA Supply Chain this category are calculated using the hybrid 
(EEIO) 
methodology and spend-based approach. 
(1) Categories 1, 2, 4, 5, 8 are calculated using the hybrid methodology.
Scope 3 downstream emissions: 
Emissions type 
Percent 
Emission Factors 
Emissions Calculation Methodology 
calculated 
Applied 
with 
supplier 
data 
Category 9: 
NIA 
Not applicable. 
Not relevant or calculated. 
Downstream 
transportation and 
distribution 
Category 10: 
NIA 
Not applicable. 
Not relevant or calculated. 
Processing of 
sold products 
Category 11: 
0% 
IEA; 
Energy use from end user devices from the use of 
Use of sold 
Environmental Product 
the Company's offerings is calculated through the 
products 
Declaration LCA 
Monthly Active User report or equivalent estimates 
for all offerings. 
The total number of user hours in the current fiscal 
year for all products are multiplied by the energy 
consumption of end user devices. A global energy 
emissions factor is then applied. 
The Company's product use emissions are 
calculated based on the assumption that users are 
utilizing products on a laptop computer and that 
100% of the laptop usage load is attributed to the 
product in use. As such, battery watts per hour and 
battery life data is based on publicly available 
information for a laptop which the Company deems 
as a reputable proxy for laptop power usage. 
21 

Emissions type 
Percent 
Emission Factors 
Emissions Calculation Methodology 
calculated 
Applied 
with 
supplier 
data 
Category 12: 
NIA 
Not applicable. 
Not relevant or calculated. 
End-of-life 
treatment of sold 
products 
Category 13: 
0% 
Electricity: IEA, 
Energy use and fugitive emissions in subleased 
Downstream 
eGRID, and AIB; 
spaces are calculated by identifying the total space 
leased assets 
Fuel: EPA; and 
("SQFT") in sublease arrangements with third-
Refrigerants: IPPC 
parties and prorating the total energy use from the 
scope 1 and 2 energy-based quantification method 
for offices with the subleased SQFT and with 
renewable energy applied, if applicable. 
Category 14: 
NIA 
Not applicable. 
Not relevant or calculated. 
Franchises 
Category 15: 
0% 
Internally-developed 
The Company utilizes a methodology based on the 
Investments 
emission factor 
average-data approach from the GHG Protocol 
Scope 3 Calculation Guidance and economic 
activity-based approach from the Partnership for 
Carbon Accounting Financials (PCAF) Guidance 
which utilizes company revenue to obtain the 
estimated emissions from investments. 
Revenue data is not available for all portfolio 
companies, therefore the Company uses its own 
fiscal year 2019 scope 1, 2 LBM and 3 emissions 
data and average market cap to create a custom 
internally-developed emission factor in emissions 
per market value which is then applied to the total 
average carrying value of the Company's strategic 
investment portfolio during the fiscal year as a 
proxy of emissions. 
22 

5. Sustainable Aviation Fuel
In fiscal 2023, all prior year business travel emissions calculations were adjusted to include the use of 
DEFRA's well-to-tank ("WTT") emission factors, in addition to the previously utilized combustion factors from 
U.S. EPA and DEFRA. Starting in fiscal 2023, the Company also began receiving Sustainable Aviation Fuel 
certificates ("SAF c"), which represent one metric ton of CO2e through the purchase of attributes to support their 
production and use of sustainable aviation fuel. However, in fiscal 2023, the Company excluded these SAFcs from 
the calculation of net residual emissions, and in fiscal 2024, there were no purchases ofSAFcs. 
6. Carbon Credits
The Company currently uses both removal and avoidance carbon credits to achieve net zero residual 
emissions. The Company determines the classification of each carbon credit based on the definition from the 
Taskforce on Scaling Voluntary Carbon Markets: 
•
Removal projects capture, remove or store CO2 from the atmosphere, including through nature-based
sequestration and technology-based removal.
•
Avoidance projects reduce emissions from current sources, such as by funding the implementation oflow
carbon technologies such as renewable energy, and avoiding practices that cause emissions such as by
reducing deforestation.
Carbon credits purchased by the Company support projects that lower atmospheric CO2 and have
compelling positive social and environmental benefits. These carbon credits must be certified by a market standard 
that is endorsed by the International Carbon Reduction and Offset Alliance ("ICROA"), including but not limited to 
the Gold Standard, the Verified Carbon Standard ("VCS"), American Carbon Registry ("ACR"), United Nations 
Framework Convention on Climate Change Clean Development Mechanism ("UNFCCC CDM"), or the Climate 
Action Reserve ("CAR"). In addition, many of the projects that the Company sources credits from have also been 
certified by the Climate, Community and Biodiversity Alliance Standards, and have been assessed by independent, 
third-party ratings agencies. All carbon credits are retired on a public registry at the amount equal to the Company's 
scope 1, scope 2 MBM, and scope 3 MBM emissions. 
Carbon Credits purchased by suppliers 
In each of the fiscal years ended January 31, 2024 and 2023, suppliers purchased carbon credits on behalf 
of their portion of Company's scope 3 GHG emissions, which make up more than 9 percent of the total carbon 
credits applied in each year. These credits are included in the total reported carbon credits for the same fiscal year. 
The fiscal 2019 base year does not include carbon credits purchased by suppliers on behalf of the Company. 
7. Net residual emissions
The Company calculates its net residual emissions as its total scope 1, scope 2 MBM and scope 3 MBM 
emissions less its avoidance and removal carbon credits. In fiscal 2024, the Company reported net residual emissions 
of zero, or net zero residual emissions. 
8. Percentage of total global electricity procured from renewable energy resources
The Company calculates the percentage of total global electricity procured from renewable energy 
resources by dividing total renewable electricity or renewable energy certificates procured from renewable energy 
resources by total global electricity usage. The Company includes all electricity procured from renewable energy 
resources in its calculation regardless of the market in which the renewable energy was consumed. 
Percentage of total global electricity procured from renewable energy resources is measured in Megawatt 
Hours ("MWh"). Renewable energy resources include utility renewable energy tariffs, supplier-provided renewable 
energy, renewable energy certificate purchases, and indirect large offsite purchases including virtual power purchase 
agreements ("VPPAs"). 
The Company's total global electricity usage includes electricity consumed, measured in MWh, at all of its 
global facilities including offices and data centers under its operational control. 
23 

9. Scope 3 Supplier Engagement target
The Company calculates the percentage of applicable scope 3 LBM emissions from suppliers with SBTs as 
follows (in metric tons CO2e): 
Scope 3 LBM emissions from suppliers with SBTs 
Applicable scope 3 LBM emissions (2) 
Percentage of applicable scope 3 LBM emissions 
from suppliers with SBTs 
Fiscal year ended January 31, 
2024 
237,000 
936,000 
25.3 % 
2023 
(unreviewed) 
151,000 
954,000 
-------
15.8 % 
======= 
2019 
(Base Year) 
( unreviewed)(l) 
12,000 
630,000 
1.9 % 
======= 
( 1) The fiscal 2019 base year was recalculated to include the inclusion of Slack and Tableau.
(2) The fiscal 2019 base year and fiscal 2023 were recalculated to include both the hybrid methodology and
refinement of the applicable scope 3 LBM emissions.
The percentage of applicable scope 3 LBM emissions from suppliers with SB Ts is calculated by dividing 
the emissions from suppliers with SBTs by the applicable scope 3 LBM emissions for the year. 
Suppliers with SBTs represents suppliers who either obtained a validation from the SBTi on their near-term 
science-based emissions reductions targets in line with a well-below 2°C or a l .5°C scenario, or have provided an 
attestation to the Company that they have set science-based emissions reductions targets in line with the SBTi 
criteria. The Company only includes suppliers across the purchased goods and services, capital goods, upstream 
transportation and distribution, waste generated in operations, and upstream leased assets scope 3 category. 
Applicable scope 3 LBM emissions is calculated by summing the emissions for the Scope 3 categories 
included in the goal: purchased goods and services, capital goods, upstream transportation, waste generated in 
operations, and upstream leased assets. 
The Company calculates the percent of suppliers who have committed to setting an SBT by dividing the 
emissions from suppliers committed to setting SBTs by the applicable scope 3 LBM emissions for the year. 
Scope 3 LBM emissions from suppliers who have committed 
to setting SBTs 
Percentage of applicable scope 3 LBM emissions from 
suppliers who have committed to setting SBTs 
Fiscal year ended January 31, 
2019 
2023 (1) 
(Base Year) 
2024 
(unreviewed) (unreviewed) 
135,000 
337,000 
NIA 
14.4 % 
35.3 % 
NIA 
(1) Fiscal 2023 is the first year of measurement for suppliers committed to setting SBTs.
Suppliers committed to setting SBTs represents suppliers who have formally committed to develop and 
submit targets to the SBTi and are recognized as "committed" with the SBTi on their near-term science-based 
emissions reductions targets as of the fiscal year end. These organizations are recognized by the SBTi as having 
made a public commitment to set a science-based target aligned with the SBTi's target-setting criteria within 24 
months. The Company has not confirmed that these committed targets are in line with a well-below 2°C or a l .5°C 
scenario. However, this measure is only used to further inform the Company's progress towards our 60 percent 
target. Suppliers are not included in the performance metric until their SBTs have been independently validated by 
the SB Ti, or the supplier provides the Company with an alternative form of attestation. 
Applicable scope 3 LBM emissions from suppliers who have committed to setting SBTs is calculated using 
the same applicable scope 3 LBM emissions as those used in calculating the percentage of applicable scope 3 LBM 
emissions from suppliers with SBTs. 
In fiscal 2023, the Company updated their target language with the SBTi to better reflect the intent of the 
initial target submissions. 
24 

Salesforce, Inc. 
Consolidated Statements of Social Metrics 
As of January 31, 2024 
Non-
Non-
Tech 
Tech 
VP+ 
VP+ 
Total 
Employees by Gender 
Women 
30.1 % 
42.5 % 
36.3 % 
29.8 % 
36.1 % 
Men 
69.6 
57.3 
63.5 
70.1 
63.7 
Other/Undisclosed 
0.3 
0.2 
0.2 
0.1 
0.2 
Total 
100 % 
100 % 
100 % 
100 % 
100 % 
Employees by Age 
<30 
22.9 % 
16.8 % 
20.5 % 
0.1 % 
20.0 % 
30-50
66.2 
69.6 
68.1 
56.3 
67.8 
>50
10.9 
13.6 
11.4 
43.6 
12.2 
Total 
100 % 
100 % 
100 % 
100 % 
100 % 
Employees by Ethnicity (U.S. Only) 
White 
40.5 % 
67.2 % 
52.7 % 
67.3 % 
53.2 % 
Asian and Indian 
43.1 
12.2 
28.7 
21.1 
28.4 
Hispanic and Latinx/o/a 
4.9 
6.7 
5.9 
2.8 
5.8 
Black or African American 
3.9 
6.1 
5.0 
3.4 
5.0 
Two or more races 
2.7 
3.4 
3.0 
2.1 
3.0 
Hawaiian and Pacific Islander 
0.2 
0.4 
0.3 
0.1 
0.3 
American Indian and Alaska Native 
0.2 
0.3 
0.2 
0.2 
0.2 
Undisclosed 
4.5 
3.7 
4.2 
3.0 
4.1 
Total 
100 % 
100 % 
100 % 
100 % 
100 % 
25 

Employees by Gender 
Women 
Men 
Other/Undisclosed 
Total 
Employees by Age 
<30 
30-50
>50
Total 
Employees by Ethnicity (U.S. Only) 
White 
Asian and Indian 
Hispanic and Latinx/ola 
Black or African American 
Two or more races 
Hawaiian and Pacific Islander 
American Indian and Alaska Native 
Undisclosed 
Total 
U.S. Only 
Underrepresented Groups 
Underrepresented Minorities (1) 
Underrepresented Minorities in leadership 
(VP+)(l) 
Black leadership (VP+) representation (2) 
Global 
Women and Non-binary representation (3) 
As of January 31, 2023 
Non-
Non-
Tech 
Tech 
VP+ 
VP+ 
28.4 % 
44.9 % 
36.6 % 
29.5 % 
71.3 
54.9 
63.2 
70.5 
0.3 
0.2 
0.2 
100 % 
100 % 
100 % 
100 % 
21.7 % 
19.2 % 
21.1 % 
0.1 % 
67.2 % 
67.5 % 
67.6 % 
57.9 % 
11.1 % 
13.3 % 
11.3 % 
42.0 % 
100.0 % 
100.0 % 
100.0 % 
100.0 % 
43.9 % 
66.2 % 
53.6 % 
68.5 % 
39.3 
12.5 
27.2 
19.6 
4.8 
6.8 
5.8 
2.9 
3.9 
6.7 
5.2 
3.8 
2.7 
3.5 
3.1 
1.9 
0.2 
0.4 
0.3 
0.1 
0.2 
0.3 
0.3 
0.1 
5.0 
3.6 
4.5 
3.1 
100 % 
100 % 
100 % 
100 % 
As of 
January 31, 
January 31, 
Progress 
2024 
2023 
NIA 
51.3 % 
52.0 % 
35.2 % 
14.2 % 
14.5 % 
16.2 % 
8.6 % 
8.8 % 
126.0 % 
3.4 % 
3.7 % 
NIA 
36.3 % 
NIA 
(l) Fiscal ended January 31, 2023 was the first year this metric was reported.
Total 
36.4 % 
63.4 
0.2 
100 % 
20.5 % 
67.3 % 
12.2 % 
100.0 % 
54.2 % 
26.9 
5.7 
5.2 
3.0 
0.3 
0.3 
4.4 
100 % 
Baseline (4) 
NIA 
10.5 % 
7.4 % 
1.5 % 
36.3 % 
(2) Black leadership includes those employees who identify as Black or African American and who hold vice
president roles and higher.
(3) Fiscal ended January 31, 2024 is the first year Women and Non-binary representation was reported. Non-binary
includes both "Gender Non-Binary/Non-Conforming" and "Transgender."
(4) Baseline period for Underrepresented Minorities and Underrepresented Minorities in leadership (VP+) is as of
July 31, 2019. Baseline period for Black leadership (VP+) representation is as of October 31, 2019. The URG
measurement does not have a baseline value because it is a point in time measurement as opposed to a change.
Baseline period for Women and Non-binary representation is as of January 31, 2024.
26 
See accompanying Notes to Consolidated Statements of Social Metrics. 

Salesforce, Inc. 
Notes to Consolidated Statements of Social Metrics 
1. Summary of Business and Significant Policies
Refer to the Notes to Consolidated Statements of Environmental Metrics for a description of the business and 
fiscal year. 
Use of Estimates 
Non-financial diversity and equality information is subject to measurement uncertainties resulting from 
limitations inherent in the nature and the methods used for determining such data, such as the reliance on individuals 
to self report their information in our human capital management system. The selection of different but acceptable 
measurement techniques can result in materially different measurements. The precision of different measurement 
techniques may also vary. 
Rounding 
Figures in the Consolidated Statements of Social Metrics have been rounded to the nearest tenth of a 
percentage. 
Employees and Impact from Acquisitions 
The Company includes both full time and part time employees in its diversity and equality calculations. The 
Company includes employee data from any acquisition or divestiture made by the Company at the earlier of: the one 
year anniversary of the acquisition or the date of harmonization of employees from the acquisition. All employees 
that have joined the Company through acquisition are included in the Company's fiscal 2024 results. 
Basis of Presentation 
The Consolidated Statements of Social Metrics are prepared as defined by GRI 405-1 b and include employees 
by gender, employees by age, and employees by ethnicity. The Company excludes the other criteria included in GRI 
405-1, for example, percentage of individuals within governance bodies. This information is included in the
Company's annual proxy filing and is not subject to assurance. Reported progress against established goals within
the Company follow custom criteria and those goals and measurements are explained below. The Company's
reporting of social metrics aligns with its fiscal year ended January 31, 2024.
2. Criteria
Employees by Gender 
For presentation purposes, ''women" represent individuals whose biological sex is "female" and "men" 
represent individuals whose biological sex is "male" in the Company's human resource management system. If 
employees are listed with biological sex other than "male" or "female," they have been presented as "Other/ 
Undisclosed." 
Employee Category 
GRI 405-1 b establishes that a Company must disclose percentage of employees by employee category in 
alignment with gender, age, and other indicators of diversity where relevant. Employee category is required to 
encompass both level and function. 
Level 
The Company has concluded that level be split between those employees who are in leadership 
positions and those who are not. The Company defines leadership for the purpose of presentation as vice 
president roles and higher. 
Function 
The Company has concluded that function is best disaggregated between those employees in 
technology roles and those who are not. The Company defines technology roles as all technical occupations 
in computing and information technology, all occupations that require deep technical specialization and 
knowledge, as well as managers, directors, and executives who oversee technical employees and the 
development and delivery of technical products. Additionally, the workforce is defined by position, not 
department. 
27

Other indicators of diversity 
GRI 405-1 b(iii) establishes that a Company report the percentage of employees by employee category by other 
indicators of diversity. The Company defines "other indicators of diversity" as employee ethnicity in the U.S. 
Employees who did not self-disclose their ethnicity are included in the ''undisclosed" ethnicity category. There are 
no other indicators of diversity for global employees. 
Underrepresented Group 
The Company defines an underrepresented group ("URG") as Women, Black, Latina/o/x, Indigenous, Two or 
more races, LGBTQ+, People with Disabilities, and Veterans. URG is defined to include gender, ethnic, and other 
groups that are historically underrepresented within the U.S. technology industry. As such, women have been 
included as a URG and Asian and Indian ethnicities are not included as an URG. 
Employees who did not self-disclose as one of the URGs were assumed to be unaffiliated with any URG. Ifan 
employee self identifies as multiple UR Gs, they are only included once for the purposes of the calculation. The 
Company calculates this metric for U.S. employees only. 
URG representation is calculated by dividing the number of U.S. employees identified under at least one of the 
URGs by the total number of U.S. employees. 
Underrepresented Minority and Underrepresented Minority in leadership 
The Company defines an underrepresented minority ("URM") as Black, Latina/o/x, Indigenous, and 
individuals who identify with two or more races. URM is defined to include ethnicities that are historically 
underrepresented within the U.S. technology industry. 
Employees who did not self-disclose as one of these ethnicities were assumed to be unaffiliated with any 
URM. If an employee self identifies as multiple URMs, they are only included once for the purposes of the 
calculation. The Company calculates this metric for U.S. employees only. 
URM representation is calculated by dividing the number of U.S. employees identified under at least one of the 
URMs by the total number of U.S. employees. 
Progress against baseline is calculated by dividing the current year URM representation percentage less the 
base year URM representation percentage by the base year URM representation percentage. 
URM leadership representation (U.S. only) is calculated by dividing the number of U.S. employees in 
leadership positions (VP+) who identified under at least one of the URMs by the total number of U.S. employees in 
leadership positions. 
Progress against baseline is calculated by dividing the current year URM leadership representation percentage 
less the base year URM leadership representation percentage by the base year URM leadership representation 
percentage. 
Black Leadership 
Black leadership representation (U.S. only) is calculated by dividing the number of U.S. employees in 
leadership positions (VP+) who self-identified as Black or African American by the total number of U.S. employees 
in leadership positions. 
Progress against baseline is calculated by diving the current year Black leadership representation percentage 
less the base year Black leadership representation percentage by the base year Black leadership representation 
percentage. 
Global Women and Non-binary 
Global Women and Non-binary representation is calculated by dividing the number of global employees who 
identified as Woman or Non-binary which includes both "Gender Non-Binary/Non-Conforming" and "Transgender" 
employees, by the total number of global employees. 
Progress against baseline is calculated by dividing the current year global women and non-binary 
representation percentage less the base year global women and non-binary representation percentage by the base 
year women and non-binary representation percentage. 
28 

