 
 
 
 
Telefónica, S.A. 
 
Independent reasonable assurance report of the own Net Promoter Score (NPS) indicator of 
the companies Telefónica de España, S.A.U., Telefónica Móviles España, S.A.U., Telefónica 
Germany GmbH & Co. OHG. and Telefônica Brasil, S.A. corresponding to the year ended 
December 31, 2024 
 
 

 
PricewaterhouseCoopers Auditores, S.L., Torre PwC, Pº de lah Castellana 259 B, 28046 Madrid, Spain 
Tel.: +34 915 684 400 / +34 902 021 111, Fax: +34 915 685 400, www.pwc.es  
1 
 
R. M. Madrid, page M-63.988, folio 75, volume 9.267, book 8.054, section 3 
Registered in the R.O.A.C. under number S0242 - NIF: B-79031290 
This version of our report is a free translation of the original, which was prepared in Spanish. All possible 
care has been taken to ensure that the translation is an accurate representation of the original. However, 
in all matters of interpretation of information, views or opinions, the original language version of our 
report takes precedence over this translation. 
 
 
Independent reasonable assurance report of the own Net Promoter Score (NPS) 
indicator of the companies Telefónica de España, S.A.U., Telefónica Móviles España, 
S.A.U., Telefónica Germany GmbH & Co. OHG. and Telefônica Brasil, S.A. 
 
 
To the management of Telefónica, S.A.: 
 
We have carried out a reasonable assurance engagement for Telefónica, S.A.'s own indicator called Net 
Promoter Score (NPS) contained in the table "Value of the NPS indicator 2024" of the document "Strengthening 
the control of sustainability information towards reasonable assurance: Net Promoter Score" (hereinafter the 
"Telefónica Document") related to the Telefónica group companies Telefónica de España,  S.A.U., Telefónica 
Móviles España, S.A.U., Telefónica Germany GmbH & Co. OHG. and Telefônica Brasil, S.A., which operate in 
the markets of Spain, Germany and Brazil, respectively, linked to their core business, which is mainly associated 
with the deployment of telecommunications networks and the management and marketing of services around 
them (hereinafter, "NPS Indicator"), corresponding to the year ended December 31, 2024,  prepared in 
accordance with the criteria defined by Telefónica, S.A., contained in the appendix “Indicator preparation and 
reporting” (hereinafter the "Telefónica Criteria") of the aforementioned Telefónica’s Document.  
 
Responsibility of the management of Telefónica, S.A. 
 
The management of Telefónica, S.A. is responsible for the preparation of the NPS Indicator in accordance with 
Telefónica’s Criteria contained in the appendix to Telefónica’s Document. This responsibility includes the design, 
implementation, and maintenance of the internal control that the management of Telefónica, S.A. determines 
necessary to ensure that the NPS Indicator is prepared in accordance with Telefónica’s Criteria and is free of 
material misstatement, whether due to fraud or error. 
 
The management of Telefónica, S.A. is also responsible for defining, implementing, adapting, and maintaining the 
management systems from which the necessary information is obtained, as well as making assumptions and 
estimates that are reasonable under the circumstances for the preparation of the NPS Indicator. 
 
Our independence and quality management 
 
We have complied with the independence requirements and other ethical requirements of the International Code 
of Ethics for Professional Accountants (including International Independence Standards) issued by the 
International Ethics Standards Board for Accountants (“IESBA Code”) which is founded on fundamental principles 
of integrity, objectivity, professional competence, and due care, confidentiality, and professional behaviour.  
 
Our firm applies the International Standard on Quality Control 1 (ISQC 1) and maintains, consequently, a quality 
control system that includes policies and procedures related to compliance with ethical requirements, professional 
standards, and applicable legal and regulatory provisions.  

Telefónica, S.A. 
 
 
2 
Our responsibility 
 
Our responsibility is to plan and execute the verification work necessary to obtain reasonable assurance that the 
NPS Indicator, on which our report is issued, is free from material misstatement, whether due to fraud or error, 
and to issue a verification report that includes our opinion. Misstatements may arise from fraud or error and are 
considered material if, individually or in the aggregate, they can reasonably be expected to influence the decisions 
of users made on the basis of the NPS Indicator. 
   
We conducted our reasonable assurance engagement in accordance with International Standard on Assurance 
Engagements (ISAE) 3000 Revised, "Assurance Engagements Other than Audits and Reviews of Historical 
Financial Information" (ISAE 3000 Revised), issued by the International Auditing and Assurance Standards Board 
(IAASB) of the International Federation of Accountants (IFAC).  
 
As part of a reasonable assurance engagement, in accordance with NIEA 3000 (Revised), we apply our 
professional judgement and maintain an attitude of professional scepticism throughout the engagement. In 
addition: 
 
• 
We determine the appropriateness of Telefónica, S.A.'s use of the Telefónica Criteria as the basis for 
preparing the NPS Indicator, given the circumstances. 
 
• 
We perform risk assessment procedures, including obtaining an understanding of internal control relevant 
to the engagement, to identify and assess the risks of material misstatement, due to fraud or error, without 
expressing an opinion on the effectiveness of Telefónica, S.A.'s internal controls. 
 
• 
We design and implement procedures that address the assessed risks of material misstatement for the 
NPS Indicator. The risk of not detecting a material misstatement resulting from fraud is higher than that 
resulting from error, as fraud may involve collusion, forgery, intentional omissions, misrepresentations or 
the override of internal controls.  
 
In light of the circumstances of the reasonable assurance engagement, the main procedures performed are 
described hereafter: 
 
• 
Meetings and interviews with the managers and personnel of Telefónica, S.A., as well as with the various 
units of the aforementioned group operators involved in the preparation of Telefónica’s Document, 
including those responsible for obtaining, validating and compiling the information contained therein. 
 
• 
Understanding of the processes and information management systems for collecting and validating the 
data presented in Telefónica’s Document. 
 
• 
Analysis of the application of the NPS Indicator in relation to Telefónica's Criteria, as well as ensuring the 
consistent application of these criteria.  
 
• 
Obtaining original supporting documentation, quantitative or qualitative, from the information management 
systems of Telefónica de España, S.A.U., Telefónica Móviles España, S.A.U., Telefónica Germany GmbH 
& Co. OHG. and Telefônica Brasil, S.A., as well as from external sources, used in the preparation of the 
NPS Indicator. 
 
• 
Conducting tests to evaluate the design and determine the effectiveness of the internal controls 
established in the process of collecting and validating the information included in the NPS Indicator. 

Telefónica, S.A. 
 
 
3 
• 
Verifying, through detailed tests based on a selected sample of the quantitative information of the NPS 
Indicator from Telefónica de España, S.A.U., Telefónica Móviles España, S.A.U., Telefónica Germany 
GmbH & Co. OHG. and Telefônica Brasil, S.A.   
 
• 
Obtaining a representation letter from the management of Telefónica, S.A. 
 
We consider that the evidence we have obtained provides a sufficient and adequate basis for our opinion. 
 
Reasonable Assurance Opinion  
 
In our opinion, Telefónica, S.A.'s own indicator, known as the Net Promoter Score (NPS), related to the Telefónica 
group companies - Telefónica de España, S.A.U., Telefónica Móviles España, S.A.U., Telefónica Germany GmbH 
& Co. OHG. and Telefônica Brasil, S.A. – for the year ended December 31, 2024, as presented in the table "Value 
of the NPS indicator 2024" in the document "Strengthening the control of sustainability information towards 
reasonable assurance: Net Promoter Score", has been prepared, in all its material aspects, in accordance with 
the criteria outlined in "Indicator preparation and reporting" established by Telefónica, S.A., and which is included 
in the appendix of the aforementioned document. 
 
Use and distribution 
 
Our report is issued solely to the management of Telefónica, S.A., in accordance with the terms of our 
engagement letter. We accept no responsibility to parties other than the management of Telefónica, S.A. 
 
This work does not constitute an account audit and is not subject to the current audit regulations Spain and, 
accordingly, we do not express an audit opinion in accordance with those regulations. 
 
PricewaterhouseCoopers Auditores, S.L. 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Sergio Mateos Orcajo 
 
April 10, 2025 
 

 
Strengthening the control of sustainability 
information towards reasonable assurance:
Net Promoter Score

Strengthening the control of 
sustainability information towards 
reasonable assurance: Net 
Promoter Score
At Telefónica, we recognise the increasing importance 
of sustainability information for our stakeholders. It is not 
only a constantly increasing demand from our 
customers and society as a whole, but also among 
investors and regulators. Specifically, in Spain, the 
Corporate Governance Code for Listed Companies, 
revised in June 2020, reinforced the functions of the 
Audit Committee. It also recommended, among other 
things, the attribution of functions for the supervision 
and evaluation of the preparation process, as well as the 
integrity of sustainability information, sustainability risk 
management and control systems, in line with the 
guidelines established in 2017 with the CNMV Technical 
Guide 3/2017, which was updated in 2023 to align with 
the European Sustainability Reporting Directive (CSRD).
Furthermore, the CSRD's European Sustainability 
Reporting Standard (ESRS 2) includes a section on 
Governance, which aims to establish disclosure 
requirements that allow for the understanding of 
governance processes, controls, and procedures set up 
to manage, oversee, and monitor sustainability matters. 
Specifically, through the GOV-5 Disclosure requirement, 
it urges companies to explain the main features of their 
risk management system and internal controls related to 
the sustainability reporting process.
Additionally, in February 2025, the Spanish Institute of 
Internal Auditors (IAI), in collaboration with the CNMV 
and other companies such as Telefónica, published the 
Guide on the Internal Control System for Sustainability 
Information, providing further guidelines on the 
implementation of control and validation systems for 
such information.
For this reason, Telefónica is working on the design of 
the Internal Control System for Sustainability 
Information. This project encompasses risk 
management, control activities, information and 
disclosure processes, as well as oversight activities for 
the entire sustainability reporting process. The aim is to 
provide a control framework for sustainability 
information.
The Company has therefore strived to integrate internal 
control into daily operations, ensuring that all areas, 
within their respective scopes (management areas), are 
responsible for overseeing the information they manage 
and disclose, while considering the necessary assurance 
measures. Moreover, Telefónica’s Board of Directors 
serves as the Company’s highest supervisory body, with 
the Audit and Control Committee providing oversight 
support.
Telefónica Group’s sustainability information system is 
governed by various internal regulations, which are 
available on the Company’s intranet, including the: 
• Group Internal Control Policy, which defines the 
criteria of the Telefónica Internal Control Model. This 
corporate policy applies to all Telefónica Group 
companies.
• Corporate Policy on the Recording, 
Communication and Control of Financial and 
Sustainability Information of the Telefónica 
Group, which establishes the general principles of the 
Internal Control over Sustainability Reporting (ICSR) 
System and the Group’s Financial/Accounting 
Information (ICFR) System.
• Sustainability reporting instructions, which 
establish the procedures and timetable to be followed 
by Telefónica Group companies in the reporting of 
sustainability information and external verification to 
comply with the Group’s legal and reporting 
obligations.
As a result, following the strengthening of internal 
control, a reasonable assurance report is obtained from 
the external auditor PwC, for the following indicator:
• Net Promoter Score (NPS) (%).
The reasonable assurance procedures conducted by 
the external verifier covered the companies Telefónica 
Spain, Telefónica Germany and Telefónica Brazil for the 
fiscal year ended December 31,  2024.
The Company will continue implementing this project to 
further strengthen the Internal Control over 
Sustainability Reporting System. 
Value of the NPS indicator  2024
Indicator
Value
NPS
36
Indicator of Telefónica's main operators in Spain, Germany, and 
Brazil.
Telefónica, S. A.
2

Appendix 1: Indicator preparation and reporting
Net Promoter Score 
(NPS) (%)
NPS is defined as the willingness of a Telefónica customer to recommend products/services under the 
Movistar, O2 and Vivo brands. 
The calculation refers to the % of customers classified as promoters (score of 9 and 10) minus the % of 
customers classified as detractors (score from 1 to 6, inclusive).
To obtain the % of customers in each category (promoters and detractors), a survey is conducted on a 
representative sample of customers* and then weighted to represent the reality for Telefónica’s customers in 
each country/segment/sub-segment.
The weighting applied to the NPS results is based on the following variables:
• Global NPS: representativeness of each country’s net revenue budget in the current year.
• Total country NPS: representativeness of each segment’s net revenue budget in the current year. The 
segments differ depending on the country presenting the information. The main segments include: mass 
market, corporate, SME, large accounts, Blau, O2, B2P, fixed line residential, prepaid mobile, postpaid 
mobile.
• Segment NPS: according to the needs of each country and to guarantee better sample representativeness, 
the study quotas are sub-segmented according to the variables of total revenue in the previous year and 
accesses.
The reported NPS refers to the mobile average from the final quarter of the year, except for segments from 
the countries listed below:
• Spain: the “large accounts” segment refers to the annual mobile average.
• Brazil: the B2B segment refers to the six-month mobile average.
In certain specific cases where the required samples for a given segment are not obtained, half-yearly 
averages are used to ensure sample representativeness.
------------------------------------
*Sample size calculation: 
To calculate the sample size needed for the NPS study on each of the segments, the following formula should 
be used:
                                                                       
                                                                                            
Where:
• n: sample size.
• K= 1.96 (Reliability Factor associated with a confidence level of 95%).
• V ARNPS: NPS variance.
• C.I.: Desired confidence interval.
The NPS variance is calculated as:
Where:
• %P: the percentage of Promoters; %N: the percentage of Neutrals; and %D: the percentage of Detractors.
• NPS = %P - %D.
• N: total number of customers in the sample
The segment level formula to be applied for calculating the NPS standard error is as follows:
Where:
• SE: Standard error.
• s: sample standard deviation. This is also the square root of the variance.
• n: Sample size.
The standard error for the weighted country total is calculated from the standard error of each segment and 
the respective segment weights:
                                                          
                                                                
Where:
• W: Weight of the segment in the country total.
• SE: Standard error.
Telefónica, S. A.
3

