Anti-Slavery and Human Trafficking Statement
Revised November 2024
1
TELEFÓNICA TECH UK&I LIMITED: Anti-Slavery 
and Human Trafficking Statement 2024
1. Introduction
In compliance with the Modern Slavery Act 2015 (“MSA”), Telefónica Tech UK&I Limited 
makes the following statement regarding its efforts to prevent slavery and human 
trafficking in its business and supply chain.
2. Organisation Structure
Telefónica Tech UK&I Limited is the parent company of the Telefónica Tech group 
companies (“Telefónica Tech Group”). Telefónica Tech UK&I was incorporated on 08 
March 2018. Telefónica Tech UK&I does not trade and has no employees. 
Telefónica Tech Group consists of several subsidiaries including the following which 
have a turnover in excess of £36 million: Telefónica Tech UK Limited and Telefónica 
Tech Northern Ireland Limited.
3. Telefónica Tech Group business and supply chains
Telefónica Tech Group is a Systems Integrator, dedicated to enabling its customers to 
achieve strong results and success across consultancy, cloud, on-premises and 
managed services solutions. Everything we do is working towards delivering a 
successful, efficient, growing business that works for you today and into the future. To 
enable this, we have the best partnerships with leading vendors, many of whom have 
recognised Telefónica Tech with their Partner Awards.
Telefónica Tech Group collaborates with various technology partners (including 
technology manufacturers, developers, distributors and integrators) to provide end-to-
end solutions for our customers. A list of these partners can be found here: 
https://telefonicatech.com/en/wearetech/partners.
4. Policies in relation to slavery and human trafficking
Telefónica Tech Group adheres to Telefónica’s Responsible Business Principles policy 
a copy of which accessible to all employees. This policy constitutes our code of ethics 
and conduct. The policy includes a guarantee that all employees have their labour rights 
respected and confirms that we do not tolerate forced labour, threats, coercion, abuse, 
discrimination, violence or intimidation, or child labour in our work environment. There is 
also an undertaking to ensure that our compensation is fair and appropriate to the labour 
markets in which we operate and to guarantee this we use indicators that measure our 
employees’ compensation against the wider market. In addition, our remuneration 
policies are based exclusively on merit and ability in relation to the job requirements.

Anti-Slavery and Human Trafficking Statement
Revised November 2024
2
5. Due diligence processes
In order to monitor and reduce the risk of slavery and human trafficking occurring within 
our supply chains, Telefónica Tech Group’s procurement department assesses each 
supplier before that supplier is on-boarded. Where there is a potential risk of slavery and 
human trafficking due to the location of the supplier for example, this supplier would 
either be rejected, or the potential risk discussed by senior key stakeholders during the 
Supplier Board meeting. 
The Supplier Board consists of the Managing Director, CTO, VP of Sales, VP of Business 
Operations, Head of Legal and Head of Procurement. The Supplier Board has the power 
to veto the on-boarding of suppliers and may do so in circumstances where human 
trafficking and slavery are suspected.
Telefónica Tech Group has a standard set of supplier terms and conditions located here 
https://info.telefonicatech.uk/supplier-terms-and-conditions which require the supplier to 
implement due diligence procedures to ensure adherence to the MSA. Any breach of 
these terms or the MSA allows Telefónica Tech Group to terminate the agreement with 
the supplier.
Our recruitment policy complies with all applicable legislation including ensuring the right 
to work, validity of documents and work permits for foreign workers. We do not employ 
child workers in any of our locations in the UK or overseas. Passport checks are 
undertaken for all employees, temporary workers and contract staff.
6. Risk assessment and measuring effectiveness
Key stakeholders within Telefónica Tech Group (including Legal, Procurement and HR) 
meet every year and at other times when there is a change in the law to discuss any new 
legislation, concerns and best practice in relation to reducing our exposure to the risk of 
modern slavery occurring in our business and supply chain. 
Where we have identified any potential risks, these risks would be investigated and 
mitigated through activities such as due diligence, the introduction of new procurement 
procedures or perhaps enhanced vetting of a particular supplier.
7. Training and Further Actions
Telefónica Tech Group continues to be committed to social responsibility and does not 
tolerate slavery and human trafficking. Telefónica Tech Group intends on introducing an 
anti-slavery awareness course during March 2025 as part of its induction process for 
new employees which will also be available within our learning management system 
throughout the year to all employees. Going forward all employees will be required to 
complete this anti-slavery awareness course each year. 

Anti-Slavery and Human Trafficking Statement
Revised November 2024
3
This statement is made in accordance with section 54(1) of the MSA and constitutes 
Telefónica Tech Group’s anti-slavery and human trafficking statement. It was approved 
by the Board of Directors on 14th November 2024.
Signed on behalf of Telefónica Tech UK&I Limited
Mark Gorton
Director 
Date: 
M.Gorton (Nov 19, 2024 10:43 GMT)
M.Gorton
19/11/2024

