Modern slavery 
statement
March 2025

Unilever  Modern Slavery Statement 2025
1
Preface
In 2024, the International Labour Organization (ILO) reported that 
illegal profits from forced labour have risen by 37% over the past 
decade, reaching to US$236 billion per year. The ILO’s research also 
showed that approximately 86% of forced labour cases occur in 
the private sector, with the large majority of cases concentrated 
in three areas that are relevant to our business: industry (including 
manufacturing), services (including transport and storage), and 
agriculture. These shocking figures demonstrate how important 
it is for all businesses, including Unilever, to continue working to 
identify, prevent, and mitigate this pervasive issue.
It has never been more important for businesses to act responsibly. The combination 
of legislation requiring businesses to respect human rights, combined with sector-
focused and investor benchmarks offer a robust framework for building our approach. 
We remain steadfast in our commitment to working to address forced labour as part of 
our wider human rights strategy, which continues to act as the foundation underpinning 
everything we do. 
 
Fernando Fernandez
Chief Executive Officer, Unilever
This document builds on last year’s statement and explains the steps Unilever has taken to prevent, detect and respond to 
slavery in our business and throughout our supply chain. This Statement covers Unilever PLC and its group companies, with 
other reporting companies proceeding with their own board approvals according to the Modern Slavery Act (the ‘Act’). It 
covers the period of 12 months ending on 31 December 2024.
Contents
About Unilever
Our commitment to human rights: policy and governance
Identifying and assessing potential and actual forced 
labour impacts
Preventing and mitigating forced labour impacts
Remediating forced labour impacts
Monitoring the effectiveness and impact of our strategy 
to address forced labour
Looking ahead
Appendix
2
3
 
5
7
11
 
13
14
15

Unilever  Modern Slavery Statement 2025
2
About Unilever
Our organisation, structure and supply chain
Unilever is a multinational consumer goods company that produces food, 
drink, personal care, beauty, wellbeing and home care products. About 3.4 
billion people use our products every day and consumers worldwide use 
more than 400 Unilever brands. In 2024 our turnover was €60.8 billion with 
58% in emerging markets, and 14 of our brands generate sales of more than 
€1 billion a year. Our brands are available in 190 countries, and we employ 
approximately 120,000 people.
Unilever has a large and diverse supply chain. Additional information 
about our company and supply chain is available in our Annual Report 
and Accounts 2024.

Unilever  Modern Slavery Statement 2025
3
Our commitment to human rights: 
policy and governance
“New forms of modern slavery 
are emerging all the time, such 
as ‘fraud factories’ that coerce 
highly skilled job hunters into 
fraudulent employment and force 
them to coordinate and conduct 
digital-based scams. And these 
issues continue to be pervasive, 
even in countries with established 
employment and labour rights laws. 
These worrying trends challenge our 
assumptions, views and perspectives 
on where our priority focus needs 
to be. This is why it is critical that 
we regularly review and adapt our 
approach to reflect current dynamics 
and emerging best practice.”
Willem Uijen
Unilever’s Chief Supply Chain Officer
Governance
Our approach is to embed respect for human rights 
in all parts of our business by implementing the 
UN Guiding Principles on Business and Human Rights 
(UNGPs) and with consideration for rightsholders at 
the core. Our human rights governance is led from 
the top, overseen by our CEO, and supported by our 
Unilever Leadership Executive (ULE) – the most senior 
leaders in our business. 
The Unilever Board of Directors is liable for overseeing 
the company’s due diligence actions and is required 
to consider relevant inputs from stakeholders and civil 
society organisations. Additional board-level oversight 
is provided by the Corporate Responsibility Committee 
(CRC), including on safety, security and wellbeing. The 
business is also advised by the Unilever Sustainability 
Advisory Council, a newly reformed group comprising 
independent external sustainability specialists who 
guide and critique our overall sustainability strategy.
The Global Code & Policy Committee (GCPC) owns the 
Code of Business Principles (COBP) and the 24 related 
Code Policies and assists the Board, the ULE and the 
CEO in ensuring that Unilever employees act at all 
times in compliance with the COBP.
Our commitment to human rights is reflected in 
our work to integrate the UNGPs throughout all 
parts of our business, supported by areas of global 
expertise, including from the Sustainability Function, 
Procurement Human Rights team and Responsible 
Business. The Head of Social Sustainability reports 
to the Chief Sustainability Officer, who reports to the 
Chief Executive Officer. Teams work together to embed 
respect for human rights within our business and in the 
markets where we operate. This includes working on 
the root causes of endemic human rights issues and 
partnering with others to drive systemic change.
Our Responsible Business team is responsible for the 
compliance and governance of the Responsible Partner 
Policy (RPP). 
The Human Rights team in our Procurement function 
leads the implementation of Unilever’s human rights 
strategy across our global supply chain. This includes 
working collaboratively with other teams across the 
business to address potential and actual human 
rights impacts.
Respecting  
People
Engaging  
Externally
Countering  
Corruption
Safeguarding  
Information
01
Unilever
Code of Business Principles 
and Code Policies
© Unilever 2023. Updated Edition 01.23A
Responsible 
Partner 
Policy
2022

Unilever  Modern Slavery Statement 2025
4
Policies
Our overarching commitment to respect for human 
rights is set out in our Human Rights Policy Statement. 
We have a strong and comprehensive human rights 
policy framework that supports us in realising this 
commitment and driving the behaviour we expect 
from our employees and everyone in our value chain. 
Our Policy Statement also makes clear that we are 
committed to respecting all internationally recognised 
human rights, with specific focus on those rights that 
are at risk of the most severe negative impact through 
our activities and business relationships – our eight 
identified ‘salient human rights issues’, of which 
forced labour is one. We will review our Human Rights 
Policy Statement in 2025 and gather the views and 
experiences of rightsholders to inform this update.
Our Code of Business Principles and 24 related Code 
Policies set out how we seek to ensure compliance 
with laws and regulations, protect our brands and 
reputation, and prevent harm to people and the 
environment. By helping us put our values of integrity, 
respect, responsibility and pioneering into practice, 
the Code and Code Policies provide a mandatory 
framework to guide Unilever employees in their day-to-
day work. 
Our RPP details what we expect from our partners 
through 17 Fundamental Principles, organised into 
three interconnected pillars: Business Integrity & 
Ethics, Human Rights, and Planet. ‘Work is Voluntary’ is 
included as a Fundamental Principle under the Human 
Rights pillar of the RPP, which includes the Mandatory 
Requirements outlined below:
	 Under no circumstances will forced labour be used, 
whether in the form of trafficked labour, indentured 
labour, bonded labour or other forms including 
mental and physical coercion, and slavery.
	 Workers enter employment freely and are neither 
required to surrender any identity or personal 
papers nor pay a deposit in relation to their 
employment.
	 Workers are free to terminate their employment 
after a reasonable notice period without penalty, as 
agreed in the terms and conditions of employment. 
	 Workers have freedom of movement and are 
not confined to the business partner’s premises, 
including dormitories or provided housing. 
	 Workers are not required to pay a fee or deposit 
in connection with obtaining employment, to the 
employer or to any person, company or agency 
involved in the recruitment process. 
	 Employers are responsible for the payment of all 
fees and expenses in connection with a worker 
obtaining employment or incurred in connection to 
the worker performing their duties. If workers have 
paid any fees, we expect these to be reimbursed by 
the employer.
	 The use of prison labour is prohibited except in 
circumstances where their terms and conditions of 
employment uphold the Mandatory Requirements 
of this policy and can be verified.
We expect our business partners to cascade equivalent 
requirements within their own supply chains and to 
carry out their own human rights and environmental 
due diligence, which helps to prevent modern slavery 
from entering the supply chain.
By the end of 2024, 88% of our procurement spend was 
through business partners that were compliant with 
the requirements of the RPP, representing an increase 
from 85% in 2023.
MARCH | 2023
Human Rights 
Policy Statement

Unilever  Modern Slavery Statement 2025
5
Identifying and assessing potential 
and actual forced labour impacts
Forced labour: a salient human rights issue
As a global business operating in 190 countries, 
our human rights strategy follows a risk-based 
approach where we assess and prioritise risks based 
on saliency (risk to the rightsholder) and materiality 
(risk to the business). 
In our 2024 Modern Slavery Statement, we committed 
to carry out a review of our forced labour action plan. 
To achieve this, we engaged an external consultancy to 
benchmark our approach against peers and evaluate 
where it could be strengthened. Recommendations 
from this work, which have been incorporated into our 
2025 strategy include:
	
Strengthening how we engage with rightsholders 
during the remediation process and the consistency 
of measuring their satisfaction with the remedy.
	
Developing clearer impact measurement indicators 
relating to forced labour.
Using data to inform priority areas of focus
We take a multidimensional approach to identifying 
potential and actual forced labour impacts, using 
inputs from a range of sources including:
	
Verisk Maplecroft external risk indicators, based 
on country-level analysis of forced labour risk.
	
Insights from our Business Integrity committees, 
internal subject-matter experts and our teams 
in local markets.
	
Business partner self-assessments carried out 
through our Responsible Sourcing Program.
	
Historic COBP breaches. 
	
Grievances raised and direct engagement 
with workers.
	
The views and work of industry experts, civil 
society, trade unions and our peers.
	
Carrying out heightened human rights due 
diligence where appropriate.
	
Worker-facing technologies including mobile tools 
such as diginex to gather insights from workers 
about their experiences.
From this data, in 2024 we mainly focused our work 
in Malaysia and Thailand, in addition to continuing 
projects in India and Indonesia. The details of this are 
shared throughout this Statement. In 2025, we will 
implement our action plans addressing forced labour 
in Saudi Arabia and the United Arab Emirates. 
Identifying forced labour impact in our 
own operations
We expect everyone at Unilever to be an ambassador 
for our high ethical standards. Our Business Integrity 
team oversees robust procedures and controls to help 
us prevent, detect and respond to breaches of our 
COBP, including forced labour impacts. We carry out 
internal analysis of breaches of our COBP to gather 
insights and identify root causes, which we then take 
action on to improve our performance. For more 
information see our Business Integrity page.
Identifying forced labour in our value chain
Unilever requires all high-risk business production item 
suppliers to conduct site audits, using our preferred 
audit methodology – Sedex SMETA. More information 
on our due diligence requirements for business 
partners can be found on Unilever.com and details of 
findings related to modern slavery indicators identified 
at business partner sites in 2024 are available in the 
appendix of this Statement. 
Business partners are expected to create a corrective 
action plan (CAP) to address any issues identified 
during an audit. This could include, for example, 
reimbursing fees paid by workers and returning 
original identity documentation to them. Auditors 
then carry out a review to verify that the corrective 
actions are sufficient and that the issue has been 
resolved satisfactorily. 
Deep- dive risk assessments
In 2023 we partnered with Embode, a business 
and human rights consultancy, to build a greater 
understanding of the forced labour risk indicators in 
specific parts of our supply chain (see page 6 of our 
2024 Statement). Embode’s research focused where 
the risk of modern slavery is high, including factory 
manufacturing sites in India and Indonesia, as well as 
the tea, sugar, dairy and coconut sectors in India and 
Indonesia using insights gathered from:
	
Public research and media coverage.
	
Internal stakeholder consultations with 
29 Unilever representatives.
	
Supplier consultations, including stakeholders from 
our collaborative manufacturers and dairy farmers.
	
Civil society and non-governmental organisation 
(NGO) consultations with six representatives.
	
Site visits to supplier sites, including dairy farming 
households.

Unilever  Modern Slavery Statement 2025
6
The findings, summarised in the table below, reflect 
contextual factors and dynamics that may contribute 
forced labour impacts.
Contextual factors contributing to forced labour impacts 
India
Indonesia
Manufacturing
	
Informal working conditions, including 
undocumented employment contracts.
	
Large numbers of inter and intra-state migrant 
workers.
	
Seasonal work patterns.
	
Low levels of worker representation.
	
Reliance on social audits to identify potential 
and actual impacts on workers.
Tea sector
	
Business model and purchasing practices that 
exacerbate vulnerabilities within the sector.
	
Shrinking space for NGO and civil society.
	
Lack of worker representation.
	
Unsustainable tea prices exacerbating 
labour exploitation.
Sugar sector
	
Climate change impacting crop yields, forcing 
seasonal workers into unsafe migration.
	
Socio-cultural vulnerability – sugar cutters 
tend to be predominantly from traditionally 
marginalised communities.
Dairy sector
	
Reliance on unregulated migrant workers who 
are not covered by legislation (relevant laws 
apply only to sites employing 5+ migrants).
Manufacturing
	
Informal labour practices – temporary or 
contract workers are often engaged through 
third-party agents without formal contracts or 
proper documentation of working conditions. 
	
Business model requires significant workforce 
flexibility (between 60 – 80% on temporary 
or third-party contracts) which has a 
considerable impact on suppliers’ ability 
to meet regulatory compliance.
Tea sector
	
Prevalence of casual labour employed on 
smallholder producer farms.
	
Inadequate worker representation and access 
to grievance mechanisms.
	
Business practices contributing to labour 
exploitation – limited profitability in the tea 
sector driving persistent low standards.
Coconut sector
	
Smallholder farmers increasingly finding 
it difficult to make a living income from 
coconut farming.
	
Unequal labour dynamics created by share-
cropping agreements, requiring alternating 
possession of the harvest or sharing an 
allowance of the produce with the farm owner.
	
Workers living on large-scale plantations are at 
increased risk of bonded and child labour due 
to the significant distance of education and 
services from their residence and place of work.
The findings from this work have helped set our overall 
strategic priorities in 2024 for addressing forced 
labour impacts. They have informed our industry 
collaborations – including our sugar partnership (see 
page 9) and capability-building programme in India 
(see page 9) – and shaped the support we offer to 
suppliers in strengthening their human rights due 
diligence (HRDD) approach (see page 9 for project 
details). Additionally, we have begun working with 
an independent consultancy to develop an industry 
capability-building programme in Indonesia, focused 
on improving conditions for informal workers. We 
will also conduct a deep dive into potential forced 
labour and child labour impacts in our tea supply 
chain in India, with findings to be reported in our 
next Statement.

Unilever  Modern Slavery Statement 2025
7
Preventing and mitigating forced 
labour impacts
In line with the OECD guidelines, we address any potential impacts through 
prevention and mitigation measures – any actual impacts are addressed through 
remediation (see page 11 for details on our remediation work). Our training and 
capability-building programmes are a key focus of our work to prevent impacts 
both within our own operations and throughout our value chain. We aim to put 
rightsholders at the centre, ensuring their views and experiences are considered.
Training for our employees 
In 2024, we expanded our range of multimedia training 
modules for Unilever employees, introducing one on 
‘Our Salient Human Rights Issues Fundamentals’, which 
includes forced labour. We held a function-specific 
training session for Business Integrity employees who 
have responsibility for responding to human rights 
related issues that might be raised through our COBP 
processes, to reinforcing their understanding of HRDD. 
We also hosted a webinar facilitated by business and 
human rights experts from Human Level on recently 
enacted human rights legislation. 
We have developed a new e-learning curriculum on 
HRDD for Human Resources teams in Unilever factories, 
including a module on Implementing Responsible 
Recruitment and another on Repayment of Worker Fees 
and Related Costs; these will be rolled out in 2025. 
We held forced labour prevention training for 
procurement teams based in Southeast Asia. This 
included examining the role that procurement teams 
can play in the prevention, mitigation and remediation 
of forced labour issues. Additionally, we ran a training 
session with procurement teams based in our Mumbai 
office in India. 
External training
In 2024, 20 business partners accessed training for 
their factory workers on ethical employment practices. 
Delivered via the Quizrr platform, 262 employees 
completed the training. 
Raising awareness of responsible recruitment 
practices and effective grievance mechanisms 
in Thai supply chains 
In 2024, AIM-Progress launched the Supplier Capability 
Building Programme in Thailand, in collaboration with 
International Organisation for Migration (IOM), Quizrr, 
Mars, Nestle and Unilever. The programme aims to 
equip business partners’ management teams with 
essential knowledge and tools for implementing HRDD, 
understanding responsible recruitment and effective 
grievance management. 
The programme was launched with an onboarding 
session in August 2024, followed by three online 
training webinars. The programme included an in-
person event in Bangkok in November, bringing 
together 172 attendees from governments, civil society 
and business (including 14 Unilever suppliers). 
“In an era where consumers 
increasingly demand sustainably 
and ethically produced goods, 
businesses are expected not only to 
voice their commitment to uphold 
human rights but to follow through 
on those commitments. To meet 
these expectations in line with 
international standards, businesses 
must prioritize responsible 
recruitment in all their operations 
and supply chains.”
Géraldine Ansart
Chief of Mission at IOM Thailand

Unilever  Modern Slavery Statement 2025
8
The AIM-Progress Ganapati Responsible 
Recruitment Project
Initiated in 2023, the Ganapati Project was developed 
by the AIM-Progress Responsible Recruitment Working 
Group and executed in partnership with Embode. 
The project has been designed to support suppliers 
with the knowledge and tools to manage recruitment 
practices effectively. 
From January to April 2024, 12 suppliers (including 
two Unilever suppliers) in Malaysia and Thailand 
participated in the programme, developing collectively 
agreed action plans to address issues identified in 
migrant worker recruitment practices, including: 
	
Lack of formal commitment to Employer Pays 
Principle (EPP).
	
Uncertainty among suppliers regarding fees paid 
by workers.
	
Job advertisements that did not explicitly state 
that payment of recruitment fees is forbidden.
	
Lack of clarity between buyer and supplier 
about their roles in the fee remediation process.
	
Workers’ contracts not provided in their 
primary language.
	
Workers not involved in shaping grievance policies.
Participating suppliers’ management teams were 
supported through a coaching, advisory and technical 
support process to gain deeper insights into their 
unique challenges. Following the completion of the 
engagement process with Embode, suppliers took part 
in an evaluation. Key outcomes include:
	
Enhanced recruitment practices – eight suppliers 
made progress in aligning their recruitment 
practices with ethical standards in Thailand 
and Malaysia. 
	
Worker engagement and rights – four suppliers 
enhanced their communication channels and 
feedback mechanisms, enabling workers to voice 
concerns and shape workplace policies.
In addition, Embode delivered a series of training 
sessions for employers focused on grievance 
mechanisms and migrant worker regulatory 
frameworks for Nepal and Bangladesh (see below).
Lessons learned from the Ganapati programme 
pilot have been reviewed, and recommendations 
are being implemented into a revised scaled-up version 
of the programme by AIM-Progress. We will provide 
further information on this in our next statement.
Ganapati training data
Training topic
Attendees
Key outcomes
Introduction to Grievance 
Mechanisms
51
	
80% of participants reported gaining new 
insights into grievance mechanisms.
	
87% indicated an enhanced understanding 
of how to develop and implement effective 
grievance processes.
Nepal Foreign Employment 
Regulatory & Legal Frameworks
26
	
87% learned new information about 
Nepal’s foreign employment regulatory 
frameworks.
	
100% of participants said they would 
recommend this training to others.
Bangladesh Foreign Employment 
Regulatory & Legal Frameworks
49
	
75% of participants found the information 
directly applicable to their work.
	
87% improved their understanding 
of bodies responsible for protecting 
migrant workers.
	
75% acquired new knowledge about 
Bangladesh’s foreign employment 
regulations.

Unilever  Modern Slavery Statement 2025
9
Building responsible and ethical partnerships 
in India’s global supply chains: a supplier 
capability-building programme 
In 2024, we launched a capability-building programme 
for suppliers in India, to help them adopt policies and 
practices related to business and human rights and 
HRDD. The programme is supported by Unilever and 
other AIM-Progress members (ABF, Danone, Carlsberg, 
Coca Cola, PepsiCo, and The Hershey Company) and 
facilitated by the Centre for Responsible Business in 
partnership with Quizrr. The training, which began 
in August 2024 and will run through to April 2025, 
covers legislative requirements for businesses 
relating to forced labour and broader HRDD and the 
steps required to carry out effective HRDD. Further 
information can be found here.
In addition to the six webinars, participants attended 
an in-person event held in December in Bangalore with 
keynote presentations from the Government of India 
and business and human rights experts. We will share 
findings from this programme in our next Statement.
Strengthening the HRDD capability of 
our suppliers 
In 2024, our Procurement team partnered with an 
external provider to strengthen suppliers’ human rights 
due diligence processes and improve workers’ ability to 
access their rights. 
Facilitated by a local implementing partner, the 
programme follows six key steps:
	
Step 1: Baseline assessment- gathering data to 
determine the supplier’s maturity rating, as well 
as indicators of job quality and worker confidence, 
using worker engagement tools deployed by &Wider 
and 60 Decibels.
	
Step 2: Supplier engagement – reviewing findings 
from the baseline assessment and engaging in 
dialogue on ways to address identified potential 
and actual impacts.
	
Step 3: Management training – building their 
capability on effective HRDD (using Quizrr).
	
Step 4: Worker training – increasing workers’ 
understanding of their rights (using Quizrr).
	
Step 5: Supplier develops and implements 
improvement plan.
	
Step 6: Endline impact assessment – evaluating 
improvements made.
In 2024,the programme was launched in Thailand, 
India, Mexico and Brazil as a pilot before scaling it up. 
Across 25 participating sites, over 4,700 workers were 
reached through worker engagement tools deployed 
by &Wider and 60 decibels. These sites will continue 
working through the programme and expand it to an 
additional 25 sites in 2025, including in Thailand, the 
Philippines, Vietnam and Turkey. We will provide an 
update on this programme and findings to date in 
our next Statement.
Using technology to amplify engagement 
with workers 
In July 2023, a collaborative partnership was launched 
with Coca-Cola, IOM, diginex and Unilever, aided by 
financial support from the Bonsucro Impact Fund. 
This 18-month project focuses on strengthening 
human rights due diligence and promoting decent 
work in Thailand’s sugarcane supply chain using new 
technology and multi-stakeholder engagement. 
This year the programme has encouraged workers 
in the sugarcane sector to provide insights into their 
experiences and day-to-day work life. Diginex is 
using this information to help build a comprehensive 
understanding of the challenges workers face. The 
survey data is also helping to identify how factors such 
as gender, migration status, and other variables may 
influence their potential exploitation. 
Key recommendations are being shared with industry 
stakeholders to influence policy development. Further 
updates on this project and its progress will be shared 
in 2025.

Unilever  Modern Slavery Statement 2025
10
Eradication of forced labour guidance 
and tools 
In addition to the capability-building programmes 
described above, we continue to signpost guidance 
and tools that can be accessed by business partners. In 
2025, we will be developing a digital capability building 
platform to guide suppliers to external resources that 
will support them to build on their understanding of 
human right issues, including forced labour.
Following an IOM review in November 2023 of our 
Building a Responsible Recruitment System training 
and guidance on the Repayment on Recruitment 
Fees and Related Costs (available via our RPP 
Implementation Guidance), we strengthened these 
resources in 2024 to align with updated best practice 
and international standards.
We also share outputs and recommendations with 
our peers to support industry-wide improvements in 
detecting forced labour. In January 2024 we presented 
the findings of an assessment carried out by Control 
Risks with the Aim-Progress Responsible Recruitment 
Working Group and also shared them with Sedex. 
The assessment reviewed the effectiveness of SMETA 
auditing guidelines in identifying issues relating to 
migrant worker recruitment in the Gulf Cooperation 
Council (GCC). In addition, we shared our experiences 
and learnings from other work in forums including AIM-
Progress, the Consumer Goods Forum (CGF) and at the 
Institute for Human Rights and Business (IHRB) Global 
Forum for Responsible Recruitment in 2024.
Industry platforms working on eradication 
of forced labour
Along with our work on training, capability building 
and guidance materials, we actively engage in 
multistakeholder platforms including the CGF, World 
Business Council for Sustainable Development, the 
International Organisation of Employers, and the 
UN Global Compact. These platforms enable us to 
contribute to industry-level change on a wide range of 
topics including addressing forced labour. 
We are also members of the Leadership Group for 
Responsible Recruitment, which works closely with 
the World Employment Confederation to encourage 
improved governance of recruitment processes, 
particularly in countries with poor or non-existent 
legislation that protects workers migrating to other 
states for employment.
The transport sector is a network of global value chains 
which we know is vulnerable to forced labour and the 
trafficking of people. We continue to engage with the 
Road Transport Due Diligence Foundation (‘RTDD’) 
on worker-centred supply chain monitoring using 
innovative approaches that are tailored to the unique 
needs of workers in the European road transport sector.

Unilever  Modern Slavery Statement 2025
11
Remediating forced labour impacts
Once an actual impact to people is identified (including relating to forced 
labour), we work to address it, including supporting our partners to remediate 
it, verify remediation and put appropriate processes in place to seek to prevent 
the issue from happening again. 
Our own operations 
Our market-based Business Integrity Committees are 
responsible for the timely investigation of all alleged 
or suspected Code breaches by a Unilever employee. 
If a report is received, we formally acknowledge it and 
encourage the reporter to engage in the investigation 
process. Our aim is to provide transparency of the 
progress and anticipated completion. The full process 
is outlined on Unilever.com.
Our value chain
In 2024, we aligned with the updated Sedex SMETA 7.0 
methodology to ensure consistency with industry best 
practice. This means that where a “Business Critical” 
issue is identified during the audit of a business partner 
(including those relating to forced labour), we expect 
a CAP to be created within seven days. When issues 
related to the payment of recruitment fees have been 
identified, we expect business partners to repay 
workers. In addition, we expect that any outstanding 
debts owed by an employee to either a supplier or 
recruitment agency are settled by the supplier. 
We also require and guide suppliers to put policies and 
systems in place to ensure the issue is not repeated, 
referring them to publicly available guidance including 
how to build a responsible recruitment system.
The following section includes updates on remediation 
processes that were initiated in 2023 to share further 
lessons on effective verification of repayment fees 
repaid to workers.
Repayment verification – one year on
In 2023, we shared details of a recruitment fee 
repayment process that we were supporting one of our 
suppliers to deliver (see page 14 of our 2024 Modern 
Slavery Statement). Since our last Statement, we 
commissioned Impactt, a human rights consultancy, 
to verify the remaining payments that were made 
between July to December 2023. This verification 
process found that 100% of payments to the 155 
eligible current workers had been made.
By the end of 2024, the amount paid since the 
beginning of this repayment verification project 
totalled USD 692,514.00. Impactt engaged with workers 
to understand how the repayment had benefited them. 
80% of workers indicated that they found the money 
helpful and that they would be able to save a little 
more money monthly, better support their families, 
repay loans, buy land, build or renovate their own 
homes or pay for children’s school fees. Additionally, 
13% used the money for essential monthly expenses 
such as food.
The research also highlighted the importance of 
considering the long-term impact that repayments 
might have on workers. Since repayments were made 
in installments over the past three years, workers 
who came to rely on this additional income may 
face financial challenges when the installments end, 
therefore having a negative impact on their livelihoods. 
Improving dialogue between workers and managers 
is essential to help workers prepare for when the 
installment payments are completed.
We have been supporting the supplier to strengthen 
their grievance mechanisms processes, with technical 
input from Oxfam. We will follow up with the supplier 
in 2025 to understand the impact that these changes 
have had for workers and their employer.

Unilever  Modern Slavery Statement 2025
12
Evaluating the impact on workers of fee 
remediation – one year 
Having supported suppliers through the process of 
reimbursing recruitment fees to migrant workers, we 
wanted to gain a clearer understanding of the impact 
this process has had on workers. We shared details 
in our 2024 Modern Slavery statement (see page 15) 
about the methodology to evaluate the impact of fee 
remediation on workers, which was carried out in 2024. 
The suppliers involved completed repayment of fees 
to workers within our supply chain of over GBP200,000 
in 2023. 
We commissioned Ergon to conduct the study, 
involving migrant workers employed by our suppliers in 
Malaysia and Thailand, as well as engaging with their 
families. Across four supplier sites, Ergon interviewed 
75 workers from Nepal, Myanmar and Laos who had 
paid recruitment fees. In some cases, workers had 
borrowed money to pay recruitment fees, with interest 
rates as high as 15% of the loan value. All the workers 
interviewed had been repaid by the supplier, either 
in one lump sum or in instalments. Workers shared 
testimonies about the positive impact of the fee 
repayments, with some using the money to support 
with family expenses, savings or children’s education, 
while others purchased land or built houses. 
We have learned many lessons from this study about 
the reimbursement process. Some workers reported 
that they did not fully understand why repayments 
were being made, while others were unclear how the 
supplier had calculated the amount given to each 
worker. There were also reports that some workers 
were not involved in the consultative process as some 
workers spoke better Malay than others, meaning 
workers had to rely on second-hand translations 
from their peers. Workers expressed a preference for 
receiving the repayment as a lump sum rather than 
monthly instalments and reported that the amount 
repaid did not factor in inflation or interest, leading to 
a shortfall. 
Alongside the reimbursement process, all four 
suppliers have thoroughly revised their policies and 
contracts with recruitment agencies to make clear that 
they do not expect workers to pay any fees. A detailed 
case study of this work can be found at Unilever.com.

Unilever  Modern Slavery Statement 2025
13
Monitoring effectiveness and impact
In 2024, we developed a human rights impact measurement framework 
to clarify the effectiveness of our work, inform decisions on the future 
direction of programmes and ensures consistent measurement over time. 
This framework draws on the indicator framework developed collaboratively 
through AIM-Progress. The relevant sections relating to forced labour have 
been outlined below. These replace the KPIs reported in our previous Modern 
Slavery Statements.
Human Rights Due 
Diligence element
Expected impact
Indicator
Update
Governance
Improve awareness of 
human rights risks and 
issues at senior level.
Reporting of human rights 
risks to the CRC.
We carried out a deep dive on 
human rights for the CRC in 
May, including on our approach 
to addressing forced 
labour impacts.
Identify Risk
Improve visibility and 
understanding of 
potential and actual 
human rights impact.
	
Number of forced 
labour related issues 
identified through 
audits of business 
partners’ sites.
	
% of audit findings that 
are ”Business Critical” 
(previously known as 
Key Incidents).
	
94 number of forced labour 
related findings.
	
~18% which are Business 
Critical.
Implement 
measures to 
prevent and 
mitigate impact
Increase knowledge, 
skills and practice 
that drives respect 
for human rights and 
reduces occurrence and/
or severity of impact, 
including those relating 
to forced labour.
	
Description of 
engagement in 
multistakeholder 
initiatives and key 
deliverables of the 
partnerships.
	
Description of 
engagement with 
business partners.
	
Our engagement in 
multistakeholder initiatives 
are evidenced throughout 
this Statement. We have 
standardised our data 
collection process, enabling 
more consistent and 
comparable reporting 
disclosures over time.
	
Programmes that support 
our business partners in 
strengthening their HRDD can 
be found on page 9.
Remedy
Remediate impact on 
rightsholders. 
	
Amount of recruitment 
fees repaid.
	
Number of workers 
that were reimbursed 
for recruitment fees.
	
Repayments of MYR 
1,150,017.28 verified in 2024 
(see case study on page 11).
	
In 2024, GBP 43,000 was 
repaid to workers by business 
partners for fees paid which 
were identified in audits.

Unilever  Modern Slavery Statement 2025
14
Looking ahead
We will continue to strengthen our engagement 
with rightsholders in 2025 – including those 
directly affected by modern slavery. We will do 
more to hear about their experiences to better 
shape interventions informed by their needs and 
perspectives, supported by a pilot implementing 
our rightsholder engagement playbook within 
our plastics value chain. We understand the 
importance of collaboration to enhance the overall 
effectiveness and scale of our programs, fostering 
a fairer, more socially inclusive world. 
Key plans for our work in 2025 include: 
	
Continuing to work with implementing partners to expand the 
supplier development programme that aims to strengthen their 
approach to HRDD.
	
Developing a digital capability building platform for suppliers 
to access public guidance and resources on addressing forced 
labour. This platform will serve as an open-source resource 
hub that can be used by our business partners to increase their 
understanding of a broad range of human rights issues and 
access tools to support them in strengthening their systems and 
processes and remedying impact where appropriate.
	
Convening a working group to evaluate the intersectionality 
of forced labour and other human rights with climate change, 
better understand the connections and underlying trends and to 
align our strategies for addressing impacts holistically.
Fernando Fernandez
Chief Executive Officer,
Unilever
This Statement has been approved 
by the Unilever PLC Board at its 
meeting on 4th March 2025.

Unilever  Modern Slavery Statement 2025
15
Appendix
Audit findings relating to forced labour indicators
Definition of Business-Critical issues
Unilever defines the most severe non-conformances as “Business Critical” issues. A Business-Critical Incident 
typically represents a significant risk to life or injury, or a significant human rights contravention. These are escalated 
to Unilever within 24 hours by the auditors and require the creation of a CAP within seven days. As with all non-
conformances, a follow-up audit is required within 90 days to confirm that the actions taken have been sufficient 
to remediate the identified issues. The nature of some Business-Critical Incidents means it may not be possible to 
close them within this timeframe before the follow-up audit, because capital investment or significant changes are 
needed. In such cases, the supplier will need to develop an interim plan to reduce the risk until a permanent solution 
can be put in place. The Business-Critical Incident will continue to be recorded as ‘open’ until fully remediated.
Forced labour key data
Issue versus RPP mandatory requirement
49
13
12
9
4
4 3
Non-conformances by business area
Forced labour key data
94
non-conformances related to forced 
labour identified by auditors at 
business partners’ sites during 2024.
17
of these findings were 
Business Critical 
Incidents.
Location of non-conformances
During 2024 by region.
1. EPP findings:
– 6 cases related to delays of payments to 
workers when they left their employment.
– 14 cases related to migrant workers 
paying fees or employment costs to 
agents in their own or host country 
for the opportunity to be employed 
by the company.
– 6 cases related to workers paying 
fees or deposits when commencing 
employment.	
– 7 cases related to notice requirements 
or financial penalties for workers when 
they left their employment.
– 16 cases related to monetary deposits 
required for work tools, PPE or training.
2. Controls on Workers’ freedoms findings:
– 8 cases related to penalties if a worker 
refused to work overtime.
– 1 case related to freedom of movement 
and workers being confined to the 
facility’s premises.
Contracts in a 
language workers 
understand
Documents/
papers not 
retained
Verification 
of legal 
status 
of workers
Employer pays 
principle (EPP)1
Controls of 
the supplier’s 
recruitment 
agencies
Controls on 
workers’ 
freedoms2
Policies and 
procedures in place
* includes business 
partners that supply 
multiple Unilever 
business groups or 
product categories 
(for example, fruits 
and nuts, sugar, 
cocoa and chocolate, 
dairy and tea) and 
also suppliers that 
are non-centralised.

