Vodafone Group Plc
Modern Slavery Statement 2023/24

Introduction
Vodafone’s purpose is to connect for a better future. 
We aim to build an inclusive, sustainable and trusted 
digital society where individuals and businesses 
can thrive.
Building a society where all individuals can thrive 
includes our aim that everyone who works for 
Vodafone – in any capacity, anywhere in the world – 
should benefit from a working environment in which 
their fundamental rights and freedoms are respected.
Contents
1
Introduction
2
Our business and supply chain
3
Modern slavery risks
7
Evaluating our progress
9
Appendix
Note:
1.	 We use the definition of slavery from section 54(12) of the Modern Slavery Act 2015 
(legislation.gov.uk)
This Statement is published by Vodafone Group Plc (‘Vodafone’) and its 
relevant subsidiaries (see page 9) and reports on what we do to prevent 
slavery, servitude and forced, bonded or compulsory labour, human 
trafficking, sexual exploitation and child labour (‘modern slavery’) both within 
our own operations and our supply chain.1 This is our ninth Modern Slavery 
Statement, issued to comply with section 54 of the UK Modern Slavery Act 
2015, and relates to the financial year ended 31 March 2024.
It can be found on Vodafone’s website  
vodafone.com/sustainability-reports
and on the UK Government registry  
https://modern-slavery-statement-registry.service.gov.uk/
search
For further information, please refer to Vodafone’s annual 
report vodafone.com/ar2024 and Vodafone’s ESG addendum: 
investors.vodafone.com/esgaddendum.
Risk
Progress
Appendix
Our business 
1
Vodafone Group Plc   
Modern Slavery Statement 2023/24 

We are a leading pan-European and African 
communications company transforming the way 
our customers live and work through our innovation, 
technology, connectivity, platforms, products 
and services.
Our business structure
Whilst Vodafone Group Plc is incorporated and domiciled in England and 
Wales, we operate mobile and fixed networks in 15 countries and have stakes 
in a further six countries through our joint ventures and associates. We also 
partner with mobile networks in 43 countries outside our footprint. We have 
nearly 86,000 employees and nearly 7,000 contractors working globally.
Following the announcement that we have entered into binding agreements 
for the sale of 100% of Vodafone Spain and Vodafone Italy, this report has 
been prepared on the basis that Vodafone Spain and Vodafone Italy are 
now a discontinued operation and not included1.
As of 31 March 2024, we provide mobile and fixed services to over 
330 million customers in 15 countries and we have one of the world’s 
largest Internet of Things (IoT) platforms with over 187 million IoT device 
and platform connections. In Africa, our financial technology businesses 
serve almost 79 million customers across seven countries – managing 
more transactions than any other provider.
We are not a mass-market manufacturer and do not directly own or 
operate large factories or other production facilities, apart from a small 
plant that assembles specialist automotive IoT components, based in Italy. 
We do not own, operate or control the manufacturing operations that make 
Vodafone-branded devices, nor do we handle raw materials or commodities.
Vodafone Procurement Company and our shared services division Vodafone 
Intelligent Solutions (VOIS) manage our external spend with suppliers and 
provide services to Vodafone.
This Statement covers the subsidiaries listed on page 8.
Our business and supply chain
Our governance structure
Vodafone’s Chief External and Corporate Affairs Officer is a member of 
the Executive Committee and oversees our approach to human rights. 
Our Human Rights Manager is responsible for the human rights programme, 
with the support of a cross-functional internal Human Rights Advisory Group 
(HRAG) comprising senior leaders responsible for privacy, security, policy, 
legal, diversity and inclusion and responsible sourcing. Each HRAG member 
is responsible for implementing the relevant internal policies that align with 
our Human Rights Policy and for collaborating with our operating companies 
to integrate policy controls.
We report on progress to our ESG and Reputation Committee – a subsidiary 
body of the Executive Committee – where we also raise concerns regarding 
how our or our business partners’ operations could result in a negative 
human rights impact. We also have an ESG Committee as a principal 
committee of the Vodafone Group Plc Board. The ESG Committee meets 
three times per year (including a joint session with the Audit and Risk 
Committee), to provide oversight of environmental, social and governance 
(ESG) strategy, sustainability activities and responsible business practices.
Vodafone’s Audit and Risk Committee oversees our systems of internal control, 
risk management framework and compliance activities. The Committee is 
composed entirely of independent Non-Executive Directors.
Our supply chain
We spend approximately €19 billion a year with around 8,000 direct 
suppliers3. Our suppliers range from small businesses to large multinational 
companies. We estimate that there are around 200,000 employees in our 
supply chain. Our direct suppliers have many suppliers of their own, such 
as electronics manufacturers, sub-assemblers, component and commodity 
suppliers. The complexity and dynamic nature of our supply chain impacts 
our ability to map the entire supply chain beyond our direct suppliers. 
However, we know which regions our first-tier suppliers operate in, 
the level of spend and category of procurement activity.
The majority of our external spend is with large well-known global suppliers 
that provide us with the devices we resell to our customers (for example: 
mobile phones, tablets, routers, IoT devices and set-top boxes that connect 
to our network,) and equipment and services we need for those devices 
to connect and have access to our fixed and mobile networks where we 
operate. The components and assembly required for devices and network 
equipment are largely manufactured in Asia – a key focus area for Vodafone 
and our industry in terms of modern slavery risks. Network equipment may 
be installed, upgraded and/or maintained in the countries where we operate, 
constituting a lower risk of modern slavery. This is because the work is highly 
skilled, and we have oversight through our own local operating companies.
The majority of our external spend is managed by our Vodafone 
Procurement Company that is based in Luxembourg and _VOIS. This 
centralised approach helps to ensure that we maintain a consistent approach 
to supplier management across Vodafone, from on-boarding and vetting a 
supplier, to raising orders and paying for delivered goods and services. This 
not only makes it easier to monitor and improve supplier performance across 
our markets, but also aims to ensure fair treatment of suppliers during the 
competitive tender process.
We also procure a wide variety of goods and services to support our general 
business such as, cloud and software services and other categories needed 
for our functions, including things like marketing, content, travel, professional 
advisory support, facilities management, catering and cleaning, where our 
risk focus is on procurement with a strong association to our brand. 
Top ten tier one supplier sourcing countries 
(headquarter location)2
	– United States
	– Germany
	– United Kingdom
	– South Korea
	– China
	– Sweden
	– South Africa
	– Ireland
	– Turkey
	– Finland
Notes:
1.	 For further information on continued and discontinued data points, please see the ESG Addendum at investors.vodafone.com/esgaddendum and our ESG Addendum methodology at investors.vodafone.com/esgmethodology
2.	 Based on an analysis of over 90% of our global spend. Including discontinued operations, our top 10 Top ten tier one supplier sourcing countries (headquarter location) in 2023/24 were United States, Germany, United Kingdom, China, South Korea, Italy, Spain, Sweden, South Africa, France.
3.	 The figure of 8,000 suppliers includes suppliers to our discontinued operations in Italy and Spain.
Risk
Progress
Appendix
Our business 
2
Vodafone Group Plc   
Modern Slavery Statement 2023/24 
Our business

Modern slavery risks in our business
An external risk review found that the risk of modern slavery in our direct 
operations (including retail) is low, given the relatively high-skilled profile of 
our direct hires, the nature of work conducted and the direct oversight by 
our operating companies. Security and other checks (such as ‘right to work 
checks’) required in the recruitment of our people also mitigate against 
modern slavery risks. Our Talent Acquisition Policy includes specific 
requirements on minimum age and checks to make sure candidates have 
not paid a fee to get a job with Vodafone. Other business activities which are 
outsourced and therefore potentially carry a higher risk – such as property 
maintenance, logistics, warehousing and catering – are subject to our supply 
chain due diligence processes, which seek to mitigate these risks.
Modern slavery risks in our supply chain
Our greatest areas of potential exposure to modern slavery remain 
consistent and are linked to our procurement of manufactured electronic 
products, as well as, where carried out in higher risk geographies, the 
construction services for our mobile and fixed assets, maintenance and 
support services at our offices, warehousing of products, and customer 
support and telesales activities.
The main risks in our supply chain that have either a direct or indirect 
causal link to modern slavery and form part of our audit and verification 
criteria are child labour, forced labour, health and safety, freedom 
of association, discrimination, disciplinary practices, working hours, 
wages and compensation and business ethics. Vodafone uses the same 
criteria as the Joint Alliance for CSR (JAC) (read more about JAC in On-site 
assessments, below).
Modern slavery risks
Identifying, assessing and managing modern slavery risks
Due diligence in our supply chain
We aim to identify modern slavery risks before we take on a new supplier 
and monitor them for compliance against our Code of Ethical Purchasing 
and Code of Conduct in the life of the contract, as below. We work 
collaboratively with others in our sector to identify risks.
Qualification process
	– New suppliers must demonstrate policies and procedures that support 
safe working, diversity in the workplace and climate commitments in their 
tender through an ethical, labour and environmental risk questionnaire, 
comprising up to 20% of the overall evaluation (5% on diversity and 
inclusion, 5% on the environment and 10% on health and safety 
where applicable).
	– Our suppliers must sign up to our Code of Ethical Purchasing, 
which includes explicit provisions related to modern slavery. They must 
cascade the provisions (or their equivalent) to their own supply chains.
Risk assessment
	– Risk profiling is undertaken during the qualification process.
Based on industry
	– We review our supplier base and contact key suppliers to better 
understand the risk. The information is fed into our supplier on-boarding 
process to ensure that our areas of greatest potential exposure are 
identified and assessed for risk.
Based on country
	– Depending on the category of what we are buying, we then also take 
into consideration the country context risk.
Screening for issues
	– Vodafone’s Code of Ethical Purchasing requires that suppliers shall 
immediately report to us any serious breaches of the Code and that 
we will together agree a schedule for corrective action.
	– We monitor our strategic suppliers through our Supplier Performance 
Management programme, which requires suppliers to evidence whether 
they have a responsible supply chain through an annual questionnaire.
	– We review human rights allegations made against our direct suppliers to 
assess the risk of their potential involvement in human rights violations.
On-site assessments
	– We are members of JAC. JAC is an association of telecommunications 
operators established to improve ethical, labour and environmental 
standards in the information and communication sector (ICT) supply 
chain and undertakes regular audits of suppliers in ICT value chains. They 
cover labour, health and safety, environmental, ethics and management 
systems. Vodafone uses these assessments in addition to our own to 
identify and manage risks in our supply chain (see evaluating our 
progress section).
	– In addition to formal assessments on specific supplier sites, we also 
assess risks during other supplier assessments such as safety visits to 
network sites and regular visits to manufacturing centres whereby any 
observations that have cause for concern can be raised directly with 
our experts in our procurement teams.
Direct worker feedback
	– Suppliers undergoing a JAC assessment are required to allow their 
employees to complete an offsite worker survey using their mobile to 
reply anonymously to pre-recorded questions in their local language 
at any time and from any location.
	– Findings that require action are incorporated into the relevant supplier’s 
corrective action plan.
Risk
Progress
Appendix
Our business 
3
Vodafone Group Plc   
Modern Slavery Statement 2023/24 
Risk

Capability building
	– All Vodafone employees must complete our ‘Doing What’s Right’ 
mandatory training course, which supports our Code of Conduct.
	– We require everyone in our global supply chain organisation to 
complete annual training on our Code of Ethical Purchasing.
Improvement plans
	– Direct strategic suppliers are required to submit responses to 
Vodafone’s annual questionnaire with evidence related to their 
compliance to Vodafone’s Code of Ethical Purchasing. Each supplier 
is given a scorecard highlighting areas for improvement.
Sharing best practices
	– Vodafone is current Chair of the board of JAC.
	– Vodafone participates in the UN Human Rights B-Tech Project Tech 
Community of Practice.
	– Vodafone participates in the Modern Slavery Working Group hosted by 
the UN Global Compact Network UK.
Recognition
	– We consider suppliers for future contracts if they comply with our policies 
and display behaviour in line with our Code of Conduct and Code 
of Ethical Purchasing.
	– Vodafone provides recognition awards for our outstanding suppliers.
Consequences
	– Vodafone’s suppliers operate under the ‘Vodafone Absolute Rules’ 
underpinned by a zero-tolerance approach to unsafe behaviours in all 
of our businesses. If a supplier breaches these rules, fails to improve and 
continues to pose a grave threat to workers’ health and safety, Vodafone 
will terminate their contract.
Improvements to our due diligence process
Vodafone has in place a system to assess key risks when on-boarding new 
suppliers that we intend to work with. The system, called Supplier Assurance 
Risk Management (SARM), uses a proprietary framework to identify suppliers 
with risks that are material to Vodafone, related to money laundering, 
bribery, conflict minerals, conflict of interest, corporate security, cyber 
security, environment, health & safety, payment card industry, privacy, 
product safety, responsible sourcing and sanctions and trade control. 
Modern slavery risks are considered under ‘Responsible Sourcing’, where 
we review suppliers of Vodafone branded products (such as branded 
uniforms purchased by one of our businesses). In these cases, suppliers 
are required to provide information related to our policy requirements, 
of which we validate the following:
	– Having policies related to child labour, disciplinary practices,  
non-discrimination, forced labour, health and safety, managing  
their own suppliers.
	– If accommodation is provided by employers.
	– Confirmation that fines are not used as a disciplinary measure.
	– Permitting freedom of association.
	– Having a defined process to pay their employees.
	– Ensuring conditions of employment are communicated, which include 
payment terms and working hours.
We also assess the suppliers’ major manufacturing and/or major  
sub-contractor locations and request evidence of an audit report 
including declaring any legal violations during the last three years.
The responses are reviewed by experts in our procurement organisation who 
will evaluate the risk and if necessary, identify any remedial actions required 
before on-boarding, which may include an on-site Vodafone or JAC audit, 
or a review of any existing audit reports shared by the supplier.
Modern slavery risks continued 
Risk
Our business 
4
Vodafone Group Plc   
Modern Slavery Statement 2023/24 
Appendix
Progress
Risk

Modern slavery risks continued 
Our policies and commitments to manage modern slavery risks
Our policies are implemented in all our subsidiaries where we own more than 
50% or have management control. Our Supplier Code of Ethical Purchasing 
and Code of Conduct extend our commitments through our supply chain.
We align with the United Nations Guiding Principles on Business and Human 
Rights (UNGPs). This means we work to make sure our policies, governance 
and due diligence processes take account of human rights risks so that we 
can properly manage and mitigate them. We set out below our policies 
which are relevant to preventing the risk of modern slavery in our 
business and supply chain.
Vodafone Group Policy
Application 
Relevance to modern slavery
Code of Conduct 
Available at: 
vodafone.com/code-of-conduct
	– Underpins all Vodafone’s activities.
	– Extends to everyone working for and on behalf of Vodafone.
	– Owned by Vodafone’s Chief Executive.
	– Details what we expect from our suppliers and business partners in upholding the same 
standards and to act ethically.
	– Refers to our commitment to prevent complicity in human rights abuses.
	– Refers to Vodafone’s policy against any form of child labour.
Responsible Mineral Policy 
Vodafone’s Responsible 
Minerals Statement available at: 
vodafone.com/responsibleminerals 
	– Applies to all Vodafone employees, contractors and direct suppliers.
	– Owned by the Chief Commercial Officer.
	– Seeks to ensure that Vodafone’s use of relevant minerals (tin, tantalum, tungsten, gold and 
cobalt) does not directly or indirectly finance conflict or benefit non-state armed groups.
	– Recognises the risks associated with the sourcing of certain minerals used throughout 
the global electronics industry.
	– Strives to ensure that we do not contribute to or profit from conflict nor human rights abuses 
related to the sourcing of these minerals.
Fair Pay Principles 
Available at:  
vodafone.com/fair-pay
	– Applies to all Vodafone employees.
	– The principles are monitored annually and a local action plan for any required 
adjustments is implemented accordingly.
	– Owned by Group Reward within Group Human Resources.
	– Covers competitive and fair pay to our employees. This applies to all employees regardless 
of level, location or role.
	– Strives to ensure a good standard of living for all employees.
Human Rights Policy 
Vodafone’s Human Rights Policy 
Statement is available at:  
vodafone.com/human-rights-policy-
statement
	– Applies to all Vodafone companies in which Vodafone Group holds an interest 
of over 50% or has management control.
	– The Statement was reviewed and approved by the Vodafone Group Executive 
Committee and signed by our Chief Executive.
	– Owned by the Vodafone Chief External and Corporate Affairs Officer and 
overseen by the Group ESG and Reputation Committee
	– Sets out the minimum requirements we observe to respect the rights of our customers, 
colleagues, business partners and communities.
	– Includes our commitment to the prevention of slavery and human trafficking.
Risk
Progress
Appendix
Our business 
5
Vodafone Group Plc   
Modern Slavery Statement 2023/24 
Risk

Modern slavery risks continued 
Vodafone Group Policy
Application 
Relevance to modern slavery
Speak Up Policy 
Available at:  
vodafone.com/about-vodafone/how-
we-operate/suppliers/supplier-ethics
It can also be found in Vodafone’s 
Code of Conduct:  
vodafone.com/code-of-conduct (p8) 
	– Applies to all Vodafone employees, contractors and direct suppliers.
	– We have reviewed the Speak Up process against the requirements of the UNGPs.
	– Owned by the Chief Human Resources Officer and overseen by the Group Risk and 
Compliance Committee.
	– Encourages everyone to report suspected breaches of our codes and policies, 
via our anonymous external confidential reporting service.
	– Speak Up operates a non-retaliatory policy; everyone who raises a concern in good 
faith is treated fairly, regardless of the outcome of any subsequent investigation.
	– Speak Up reports can relate to danger to the health and safety of employees or the 
public, or potential abuses of human rights. If we decide to proceed with an investigation, 
a qualified expert will investigate, keeping the person who raised the concern informed 
throughout the process. Where reports made to Speak Up require remedial action, 
this could include consequences at the individual level, or changes to internal 
processes and procedures.
	– Speak Up is made available to everyone working for Vodafone or our direct suppliers 
and is communicated through our Code of Ethical Purchasing. It is available in local 
languages, online and phone reporting. For suppliers that decide to maintain their own 
grievance mechanisms, we require that they inform us of any grievances raised relating 
to work done for Vodafone.
Supplier Code of Ethical Purchasing 
Available at:  
vodafone.com/code-of-ethical-
purchasing
	– Every supplier must comply with the Code and cascade it to sub-suppliers.
	– The Code was developed in consultation with employees, suppliers and NGOs.
	– The policy owner is the CEO of Vodafone Procurement Company and Group  
Supply Chain Director.
The Code of Ethical Purchasing sets out our expectations of our suppliers and covers the 
following International Labour Organization (ILO) indicators:
	– Freedom of workers to terminate employment
	– Freedom of movement
	– Freedom of association
	– Prohibits any threat of violence, harassment and intimidation
	– Prohibits the use of worker-paid recruitment fees
	– Prohibits compulsory overtime
	– Prohibits child labour
	– Prohibits discrimination
	– Prohibits confiscation of workers’ original identification documents.
Talent Acquisition Policy
(internal policy, not public) 
	– Applies to all markets, resourcing teams, external providers and any other outsourced 
teams and HR business partners who are involved in resourcing at all bands/levels of  
our business.
	– Applies to all internal or external hiring.
	– Owned by the Global Resourcing Centre of Excellence.
	– Sets out the overarching principles and controls to be followed and applied in each of 
our local operating companies to ensure that employee resourcing is conducted in a fair, 
open and transparent manner.
	– Aligns Vodafone’s resourcing processes so that all resourcing activity is of a high 
standard, and that every candidate’s experience will be similar across Vodafone.
	– Ensures that resourcing is not used as a mechanism for bribery or to induce 
a business advantage.
Risk
Progress
Appendix
Our business 
6
Vodafone Group Plc   
Modern Slavery Statement 2023/24 
Risk

Modern slavery is a hidden risk, making 
the evaluation of progress complex. 
To monitor and report on the 
effectiveness of our policies and 
procedures in managing modern 
slavery risks in our supply chain, 
we include yearly data from our work 
with JAC. JAC reports on progress with 
respect to third party factory audits of 
common suppliers carried out on behalf 
of all its members in its own reporting.
Evaluating our progress
Assessments
Key performance indicator (KPI)
Reason for KPI 
2020-211
2021-22
2022-23
2023-24
Number of site assessments conducted 
collectively by JAC members2 
In collaboration with other JAC members, we investigate practices by 
suppliers in the ICT supply chain that could result in modern slavery 
conditions. 
76
71
83
150
Number of sites where JAC have conducted 
a confidential survey of supplier employees 
via their personal mobile phones
The increased provision of an anonymous, local language, confidential 
survey will support greater transparency of specific worker concerns and 
indicators that may point to potential modern slavery conditions.
13
17
15
13
Vodafone own (non-JAC supplier audits)3
We investigate practices by suppliers in our supply chain who do not fall 
within the JAC remit.
–
–
2
4
Notes:
1.	 For data on previous years, please refer to Vodafone Group Sustainable Business Reporting Centre. vodafone.com/sustainability-reports
2.	 JAC assessments are reported on a calendar year basis. For data on previous JAC reports, please refer to JAC’s Annual KPI Reports: https://jac-initiative.com/resources/#. In the calendar year 2023, Vodafone carried out five onsite audits as 
part of our contribution and cooperation within JAC
3.	 Vodafone’s own (non-JAC) assessment numbers were not reported before FY23.
Vodafone findings and actions
This year, we are reporting on findings and actions in audits performed by Vodafone (both as a JAC member and independently). This is a change from previous years, where we 
reported the overall JAC data1.
Key performance indicator (KPI) Reason for KPI 
2020-212
2021-22
2022-23
2023-24
Number of issues found 
related to forced labour3 
By monitoring the number of issues identified, we can better adapt our policies and procedures.
For example, if the numbers significantly decrease, we would investigate greater awareness-
raising activities and improved grievance mechanisms to gain confidence that issues are not 
going unreported. If the numbers significantly increase, we would review our due diligence 
processes to gain confidence that such activity is investigated and eliminated.
(20)
(16)
(14)
4
Number of remedial actions 
taken in response to forced 
labour issues identified
By monitoring the number of remedial actions taken, we gain greater confidence that 
corrective plans are being actioned and any activity is investigated and eliminated. 
(20)
(11)
(5)
4
Number of reports to 
Vodafone’s external Speak 
Up hotline related to modern 
slavery concerns4 
By monitoring the number of issues identified, we can better adapt our policies and procedures.
For example, if the numbers significantly decrease, we would investigate greater awareness-
raising activities and improved grievance mechanisms to gain confidence that issues are not 
going unreported. If the numbers significantly increase, we would review our due diligence 
processes to gain confidence that such activity is investigated and eliminated. 
–
–
–
1
Notes:
1.	 Figures in parentheses () are as reported in the relevant year, which figures included overall JAC data. They are therefore not for comparison on a like-for-like basis with the current year’s data.
2.	 For data on previous years, please refer to Vodafone Group Sustainable Business Reporting Centre. https://www.vodafone.com/about-vodafone/reporting-centre/sustainability-reports
3.	 Vodafone’s JAC audits identified one incident relating to forced labour (an employment contract not including the working hours and compensation). In our separate supplier quality assessments, we found three issues related to working 
hours across two suppliers and agreed upon remedial action. We will assess compliance in a subsequent re-audit.
4.	 This case was an allegation of excessive overtime and low wages in relation to a supplier below tier 1 in Vodafone’s supply chain. It was investigated and found not to be substantiated. 
Risk
Progress
Appendix
Our business 
7
Vodafone Group Plc   
Modern Slavery Statement 2023/24 
Progress

The Act requires all large UK businesses (with a turnover of £36 million or 
more) to publish a modern slavery statement. The following UK-registered 
entities, which are part of Vodafone, are covered by the content of 
this Statement:
	– Vodafone Group Services Limited (VGSL), including Vodafone Group Plc 
– which supports our local operating companies;
	– Vodafone Sales and Services Limited (VSSL) – which supports our 
commercial, marketing and brand functions;
	– Vodafone Limited (also known as Vodafone UK) – our local UK 
operating company;
	– Talkmobile Limited – our online-only UK mobile brand;
	– Vodafone Global Enterprise Limited (VGEL) – which supports our 
multinational customers;
	– Vodafone Enterprise Global Limited (VEGL) – which provides off-footprint 
services and support to multinational business customers; and
	– Vodafone Global Network Limited (VGNL) – which is responsible for 
carrier services globally, including ownership of subsea cables and 
associated assets.
The Boards of each of these entities have reviewed and approved 
this Modern Slavery Statement and the CEO from each has signed the 
Statement. Separately, this Statement has also been reviewed and approved 
by the Vodafone Group Plc Board, as required, and has been signed on its 
behalf by the Vodafone Group Chief Executive.
Margherita Della Valle
Chief Executive
Vodafone Group Plc
24 May 2024
This Statement describes the activities that Vodafone 
Group Plc has undertaken in the financial year 
2023/24 to prevent modern slavery in our business 
operations and supply chains. This Statement is 
published by Vodafone Group Plc (‘Vodafone’) and 
its relevant subsidiaries in compliance with the UK 
Modern Slavery Act 2015.
Appendix
Risk
Progress
Appendix
Our business 
8
Vodafone Group Plc   
Modern Slavery Statement 2023/24 
Appendix

