 
 
 
 
 
 
ESG Addendum Methodology 2024 
 

 
Vodafone Group Plc 
 
Protecting our Planet 
Empowering People 
Maintaining Trust 
Other information 
Contents 
 
1 
2 
Reporting Criteria Scope 
4 
Assurance 
7 
Protecting our Planet 
10 Scope 1 Methodology 
10 Scope 2 Methodology 
11 Scope 3 Methodology 
18 Carbon Enablement 
26 Energy 
28 Waste and Water 
28 Intensity metrics 
28 Environmental Accreditations 
29 Empowering People 
29 Closing the digital divide 
30 Financial Inclusion 
31 Maintaining Trust 
31 People 
33 Diversity and Inclusion 
33 Health and Safety 
34 Responsible Supply Chain 
34 Board & Executive Committee 
34 Remuneration 
35 Other information 
35 GRI Index 
35 UNGC 
35 SFDR 
36 Definitions 
 
Our purpose 
To connect for a better future we aim 
to build an inclusive, sustainable and 
trusted digital society 
We address Environmental, Social  
and Governance topics through our 
Purpose strategy which focuses on 
‘Empowering People’ and ‘Protecting 
our Planet’ in the Digital Society.  
This is underpinned by our 
commitment to ‘Maintaining Trust’  
in everything we do.  
 
Read more about our climate goals and performance  
in our latest Annual Report and ESG Addendum:  
vodafone.com/sustainability-reports  
 
 
 
 Protecting our 
Planet  
Read more on p. 7 
 
 Empowering 
People 
Read more on p. 29 
 
 Maintaining Trust 
Read more on p. 31 

 
Vodafone Group Plc 
 
Protecting our Planet 
Empowering People 
Maintaining Trust 
Other information 
 
 
 
2 
Reporting Criteria Scope 
This document outlines the basis of preparation for our ESG 
performance indicators (‘KPI’s) which are available on 
investors.vodafone.com/esgaddendum.  
In preparing the ESG-related information and KPIs, Vodafone has 
made a number of key judgements, estimations and 
assumptions. The processes, methodologies and topics involved 
are complex. The ESG data, models and methodologies used are 
often relatively new, are rapidly evolving and are not of the same 
standard as those available in the context of financial information, 
nor are they subject to the same or equivalent disclosure 
standards, historical reference points, comparable benchmarks, 
or globally accepted accounting principles. It is not possible to 
rely on historical data as a strong indicator of future trajectories, 
in the case of climate change and its evolution. Outputs of 
models and methodologies are also likely to be affected by 
underlying data quality, which can be hard to assess, and we 
expect industry guidance, standards, market practice and 
regulations in this field to continue to evolve. We also face 
challenges in relation to the ability to access data on a timely 
basis and the lack of consistency and comparability between 
data that is available. This means the ESG-related forward-looking 
statements, information and targets discussed in our Annual 
Report carry an additional degree of inherent risk and 
uncertainty. 
In light of uncertainty as to the nature of future policy and market 
response to climate change and other ESG-related topics, 
including between regions, and the effectiveness of any such 
response, and as market practice and data quality and availability 
develops, Vodafone may have to update the models and/or 
methodologies it uses, or alter its approach to ESG analysis and 
may be required to amend, update and recalculate its ESG 
disclosures and assessments in the future, its ESG ambitions, 
goals, commitments and/or targets or its evaluation of its 
progress towards its ESG ambitions, goals, commitments and/or 
targets. Restatements of ESG data may mean it is not 
reconcilable or comparable year on year. 
With the exception of the metrics outlined in the Assurance 
section, the information contained within this document and our 
ESG Addendum, collectively our ESG data, has not been 
independently verified or assured. All the information included in 
our ESG data has been taken from sources which we deem 
reliable. While all reasonable care has been taken to ensure the 
accuracy of the data, Vodafone has not arranged for independent 
verification of the data with respect to its accuracy or 
completeness. Further information on methodologies is included 
in the reporting methodology sections of this document. 
This report includes information on: 
– Operating companies in the countries where we had 
operational control during the year 1 April 2023 to 31 March 
2024: Albania, Czech Republic, Germany, Greece, Ireland, 
Italy, Portugal, Romania, Spain, Turkey, UK and Vodacom 
Group and its subsidiaries in the DRC, Egypt, Lesotho, 
Mozambique, South Africa and Tanzania; and 
– Shared operations in Albania, Egypt, Hungary, India, Romania 
and Spain known as Vodafone Intelligent Solutions (‘_VOIS’) 
and other group operations including Vodafone Business and 
Vodafone Automotive. 
This report excludes information on the following unless 
otherwise stated in the exceptions section below: 
– Joint ventures where Vodafone does not have operational 
control: VodafoneZiggo in the Netherlands, TPG Telecom in 
Australia, Vodafone Idea in India and Vantage Towers and its 
subsidiaries in Czech Republic, Germany, Greece, Ireland, 
Portugal, Romania and Spain; 
– Associates where we do not have operational control: 
Safaricom in Kenya and Ethiopia, and Indus Towers in India; 
– Partner Market networks in which Vodafone neither has any 
equity interests nor holds an operating license, including 
those Partner Markets that operate under the Vodafone 
brand; 
– Countries in which we are required to hold an operating 
licence in order to provide local customer support to 
multinational enterprise customers but where we neither 
own nor operate any licensed telecommunications network 
infrastructure; and 
– Retail stores that are Vodafone-branded by way of franchise 
and exclusive dealer arrangements but are not owned or 
operated by Vodafone. 

 
Vodafone Group Plc 
 
Protecting our Planet 
Empowering People 
Maintaining Trust 
Other information 
 
 
 
3 
Exceptions to the reporting scope: 
– Our joint ventures and associates where we don’t have 
operational control which are included in our Scope 3 GHG 
emissions based on our ownership as at 31 March 2024; 
– Retail stores where we don’t have operational control which 
are included in our Scope 3 GHG emissions, 
– M-Pesa customer numbers, which includes 100% of our 
associate Safaricom in Kenya and Ethiopia; and 
– V-hub unique user number and target, which include 100% 
of our joint venture VodafoneZiggo in the Netherlands. 
Portfolio changes 
The inclusion or exclusion of data from subsidiaries, joint 
ventures or associates that have been acquired or sold, or where 
there is a change in control or ownership that results in a change 
in operational control (as defined in the GHG Protocol), is 
determined by the date that the transaction in question is 
formally concluded with all approvals received.  
The impact of transactions completed in the year ended 31 
March 2023 are detailed in the methodology for each metric 
in this document. 
There have been no transactions completed during the year 
ended 31 March 2024. The impact of transactions announced 
but not yet completed are reflected as performance from 
discontinued operations. When those transactions complete 
we will restate our data in accordance with the above policy.  
Under 'IFRS 5 - Non-current Assets Held for Sale and 
Discontinued Operations' our operations in Italy and Spain have 
been classified as discontinued operations and are reported as 
such in our financial statements. All other Group activities are 
reported as continuing operations. This disaggregation has also 
been reflected in our ESG reporting across all reporting periods. 
In a limited number of circumstances, data granularity was not 
available to disaggregate the information relating to 
discontinued operations. Where this is the case it is noted in 
the ESG Addendum in relevant footnotes to the data. 
Estimates and Assumptions 
The reported information on our operations is based on actual 
performance data for the period. Where actual data is not 
available, we have used estimates or assumptions based on 
actual trends. More information on these estimates or 
assumptions is set out in the reporting methodology sections 
for each metric. 
Data 
This document includes selected ESG data which should be 
read alongside the full ESG dataset in our ESG Addendum. 
 
 

 
Vodafone Group Plc 
 
Protecting our Planet 
Empowering People 
Maintaining Trust 
Other information 
 
 
 
4 
Assurance: Independent Limited Assurance 
Report to Vodafone Group Plc 
KPMG LLP (“KPMG” or “we”) were engaged by Vodafone Group 
plc (“Vodafone”) to provide limited assurance over the Selected 
Information described below for the year ended 31 March 2024. 
Our conclusion  
Based on the work we have performed and the evidence we have 
obtained, nothing has come to our attention that causes us to 
believe that the Selected Information has not been properly 
prepared, in all material respects, in accordance with the 
Reporting Criteria. 
This conclusion is to be read in the context of the remainder of 
this report, in particular the inherent limitations explained below 
and this report’s intended use. 
Selected Information  
The scope of our work includes only the information included 
within the External ESG Assurance table on page 55 of 
Vodafone’s Annual Report and Accounts and in Vodafone’s ESG 
Addendum marked with the symbol ^ (“the Report”) for the year 
ended 31 March 2024 (“the Selected Information”) and also 
listed in Appendix 1. 
We have not performed any work, and do not express any 
conclusion, over any other information that may be included in 
the Report or displayed on Vodafone’s website for the current 
period or for previous periods unless otherwise indicated. 
Reporting Criteria  
The Reporting Criteria we used to form our judgements is 
the ESG Addendum Methodology as set out at 
https://www.vodafone.com/about-vodafone/reporting-
centre/sustainability-reports (“the Reporting Criteria”). 
The Selected Information needs to be read together with 
the Reporting Criteria. 
Inherent limitations  
The nature of non-financial information; the absence of a 
significant body of established practice on which to draw; and 
the methods and precision used to determine non-financial 
information, allow for different, but acceptable evaluation and 
measurement techniques and can result in materially different 
measurements, affecting comparability between entities and 
over time. The Reporting Criteria has been developed to 
assist Vodafone in providing the Selected Information only. 
As a result, the Selected Information may not be suitable for 
another purpose.  
Directors’ responsibilities 
The Directors of Vodafone are responsible for:  
– designing, operating and maintaining internal controls 
relevant to the preparation and presentation of the Selected 
Information that is free from material misstatement, whether 
due to fraud or error;  
– selecting and/or developing objective Reporting Criteria;  
– measuring and reporting the Selected Information in 
accordance with the Reporting Criteria; and  
– the contents and statements contained within the Report and 
the Reporting Criteria.  
Our responsibilities  
Our responsibility is to plan and perform our work to obtain 
limited assurance about whether the Selected Information has 
been properly prepared, in all material respects, in accordance 
with the Reporting Criteria and to report to Vodafone in the form 
of an independent limited assurance conclusion based on the 
work performed and the evidence obtained.  
Assurance standards applied  
We conducted our work in accordance with International 
Standard on Assurance Engagements (UK) 3000 Assurance 
Engagements other than Audits or Reviews of Historical Financial 
Information (“ISAE (UK) 3000”) issued by the Financial Reporting 
Council and in respect of the greenhouse gas emissions 
information included within the Selected Information, in 
accordance with International Standard on Assurance 
Engagements 3410 Assurance Engagements on Greenhouse 
Gas Statements (“ISAE 3410”), issued by the International 
Auditing and Assurance Standards Board. Those standards 
require that we obtain sufficient, appropriate evidence on which 
to base our conclusion. 

 
Vodafone Group Plc 
 
Protecting our Planet 
Empowering People 
Maintaining Trust 
Other information 
 
 
 
5 
Independence, professional standards and 
quality control  
We comply with the Institute of Chartered Accountants in 
England and Wales (“ICAEW”) Code of Ethics, which includes 
independence, and other requirements founded on fundamental 
principles of integrity, objectivity, professional competence and 
due care, confidentiality and professional behaviour, that are at 
least as demanding as the applicable provisions of the IESBA 
Code of Ethics. The firm applies International Standard on Quality 
Management 1 Quality Management for Firms that Perform 
Audits or Reviews of Financial Statements, or Other Assurance or 
Related Services Engagements which requires the firm to design, 
implement and operate a system of quality management 
including policies or procedures regarding compliance with 
ethical requirements, professional standards and applicable 
legal and regulatory requirements. 
Summary of work performed  
A limited assurance engagement involves planning and 
performing procedures to obtain sufficient appropriate evidence 
to obtain a meaningful level of assurance over the Selected 
Information as a basis for our limited assurance conclusion. 
Planning the engagement involves assessing whether the 
Reporting Criteria are suitable for the purposes of our limited 
assurance engagement. The procedures selected depend on our 
judgement, on our understanding of the Selected Information 
and other engagement circumstances, and our consideration of 
areas where material misstatements are likely to arise.  
The procedures performed included:  
– conducting interviews with Vodafone’s management to 
obtain an understanding of the key processes, systems and 
controls in place over the preparation of the Selected 
Information;  
– selected limited substantive testing, including agreeing a 
selection of the Selected Information to source 
documentation;  
– considering the appropriateness of the carbon conversion 
factor calculations and other unit conversion factor 
calculations used by reference to widely recognised and 
established conversion factors;  
– reperforming a selection of the calculations used to prepare 
the Selected Information;  
– performing analytical procedures over a selection of the 
Selected Information, including a comparison to the prior 
period having due regard to changes in the business; and  
– reading the narrative accompanying the Selected Information 
in the Report with regard to the Reporting Criteria, and for 
consistency with our findings.  
The work performed in a limited assurance engagement varies 
in nature and timing from, and is less in extent than for, a 
reasonable assurance engagement. Consequently, the level 
of assurance obtained in a limited assurance engagement is 
substantially lower than the assurance that would have 
been obtained had a reasonable assurance engagement 
been performed. 
 
Our work did not include testing the accuracy of the purchase 
volumes in Vodafone’s Supply Chain IT system and Devices 
dataset, which were used in calculating Total Scope 3 GHG 
emissions (million tonnes CO2e).  
This report’s intended use  
Our report has been prepared for Vodafone solely in 
accordance with the terms of our engagement. We have 
consented to the publication of our report in Vodafone’s ESG 
Addendum for the purpose of Vodafone showing that it has 
obtained an independent assurance report in connection with 
the Selected Information. 
Our report was designed to meet the agreed requirements 
of Vodafone determined by Vodafone's needs at the time. 
Our report should not therefore be regarded as suitable to be 
used or relied on by any party wishing to acquire rights against us 
other than Vodafone for any purpose or in any context. Any party 
other than Vodafone who obtains access to our report or a copy 
and chooses to rely on our report (or any part of it) will do so at its 
own risk. To the fullest extent permitted by law, KPMG LLP will 
accept no responsibility or liability in respect of our report to 
any other party. 
 
KPMG LLP  
Chartered Accountants  
15 Canada Square  
London  
E14 5GL  
14 May 2024 

 
Vodafone Group Plc 
 
Protecting our Planet 
Empowering People 
Maintaining Trust 
Other information 
 
 
 
6 
Appendix 1 – Selected Information 
The KPIs that constitutes the Selected Information are listed below. The information in this Appendix needs to be read together with the limited assurance report and the Reporting Criteria. 
KPI 
Unit 
Assured Value 
Total Scope 1 GHG emissions 
Million tonnes CO2e 
0.27 
Total Scope 2 GHG emissions (location-based method) 
Million tonnes CO2e 
2.11 
Total Scope 2 GHG emissions (market-based method) 
Million tonnes CO2e 
0.44 
Total Scope 1 and Scope 2 GHG emission (location-based method) 
Million tonnes CO2e 
2.38 
Total Scope 1 and Scope 2 GHG emissions (market-based method) 
Million tonnes CO2e 
0.71 
Total Scope 3 GHG emissions 
Million tonnes CO2e 
6.84 
Grid renewable electricity purchased (% of purchased electricity) (Group) from all operations 
% 
88 
Women in management and senior leadership roles from all operations 
% 
36 
Number of financial inclusion customers 
Millions 
66.2 
4G population coverage (outdoor 1Mbps) – from all operations (Group) 
% 
87 
Cumulative V-Hub unique users 
Millions 
6.4 
With the exception of the metrics outlined above, the information contained within the ESG Addendum has not been independently verified or assured. All the information included within these pages, 
including the metrics outlined in the table above has been taken from sources which we deem reliable. While all reasonable care has been taken to ensure the accuracy of the data, Vodafone has not 
arranged for independent verification of the data with respect to its accuracy or completeness.  

 
Vodafone Group Plc 
 
Protecting our Planet 
Empowering People 
Maintaining Trust 
Other information 
 
 
 
 
7 
Protecting our 
planet 
10 Scope 1 Methodology 
10 Scope 2 Methodology 
11 Scope 3 Methodology 
18 Carbon Enablement 
26 Energy 
28 Waste and Water 
28 Intensity metrics 
28 Environmental Accreditations 
Digital technology has a huge role to play in enabling the 
climate transition; helping reduce carbon emissions and 
underpinning climate adaptation technologies. 
Recognising that technology can create its own impact 
on our climate and nature, we strive to minimise the 
environmental footprint of our operations, value chain 
and products and services. 
Reducing our environmental impact and helping to 
decarbonise society is an integral part of Vodafone’s purpose. 
This year, the need for a green digital transition became  
ever-more urgent, as the global climate and energy 
crises deepened. 
We are working towards achieving reduction of our 
greenhouse gas emissions to net zero by 2040 across our 
global operations. We continue to drive energy efficiency in 
our operations and seek to match our energy with electricity 
from renewable sources. 
Digital technology has been recognised as a key enabler of 
carbon savings. We work with our business customers to build 
solutions reduce greenhouse gas emissions and lower their 
planetary impact.  
As use of technology expands, we are playing our part in the 
growing circular economy. We aim to minimise the impact of 
the waste we create from our own operations and encourage 
greater re-use, repair and recycling of the hardware our 
customers use. 
Greenhouse gas (‘GHG’) emissions 
Reporting Criteria  
GHG emissions are calculated in millions of tonnes of carbon 
dioxide equivalent (million tonnes CO2e) and reported in 
accordance with the GHG Protocol Standards, UK Streamlined 
Energy and Carbon Reporting (‘SECR’) requirements, RE100 
Technical Guidance and the Carbon Disclosure Standards 
Board (‘CDSB’) framework. 
We have applied the operational control approach for the 
accounting of our GHG emissions and the scope of the data 
collected is based on this method. This is defined as operations 
where we have control over how energy is being used (and 
therefore associated services). 
Emissions from operations where we do not have operational 
control but have a financial interest i.e. shareholding, or are 
part of our wider value chain (e.g. suppliers) where we do 
not have a financial interest, are accounted for within our 
Scope 3 GHG emissions. 
Standards and guidance 
Our methodology for the reporting of GHG emissions has been 
developed using the following standards and guidance: GHG 
Protocol standards and guidance, including the Corporate 
Standard (revised edition); Scope 2 Guidance and Scope 3 
Calculation Guidance; and Corporate Value Chain (Scope 3) 
Standard; RE100 Technical Criteria (December 2022); and The 
Climate Disclosure Standards Board Climate Change Reporting 
Framework (January 2022). 
 

 
Vodafone Group Plc 
 
Protecting our Planet 
Empowering People 
Maintaining Trust 
Other information 
 
 
 
 
8 
Portfolio changes 
We include performance data from newly acquired businesses at the 
end of their first full year of new ownership in line with our policy on 
reporting environmental data. In terms of setting a revised baseline 
to reflect acquisitions, disposals or a change of control, our policy is 
determined as follows: 
– Acquisitions are built into the baseline using either actual or 
estimated data at the end of their first full year of ownership 
based on our assessment of operational control;  
– Disposals are removed from the baseline in the year of disposal if 
part of the Group for less than six months or in the following year 
if part of the Group for more than six months; 
– Where prior year data has been re-stated to correct any 
significant errors identified this will be noted along with the 
reason for re-statement; and 
– Where there is an update to the calculation methodology that 
causes a significant change in the previously stated data all prior 
year information will be restated. 
This year we have restated our GHG emissions across all prior periods 
to our 2020 baseline to reflect: 
– Disposals of Hungary and Ghana on 31 January 2023 and 20 
February 2023 respectively; and 
– The change in control of the Vantage Towers Group on 23 March 
2023 from a subsidiary to a joint venture.  
On 13 December 2022 ownership of Egypt was transferred to the 
Vodacom Group. Comparative information has been re-presented to 
reflect the move of Vodafone Egypt from the ‘Other markets’ 
segment to the Africa segment from 1 April 2023.  
Data gathering process and methods 
Energy usage data is based on invoices from our energy 
suppliers, which in some cases include the supplier’s estimated 
readings. Increasingly, we measure our energy consumption 
through smart metering, a technology that uses mobile 
communications to collect real-time consumption data from 
energy meters. Under this approach we have accounted for 
100% of emissions from the operations over which we have 
operational control within the Scope 1 and 2 footprints. 
We report on data collected using local market actual or 
estimates sourced from invoices, purchasing requisitions 
or direct data measurements. Emissions from our joint 
ventures and associates are accounted for within our  
Scope 3 GHG emissions. 
Where actual data is not available for the full reporting period, 
data for the missing period is estimated using an appropriate 
and reasonable estimation method (for example, extrapolation 
using the year-to-date monthly average, or based on prior year 
data for the corresponding time period). Due to a time lag in 
the availability of actual data, the majority of GHG emissions 
data has been estimated for the month of March 2024. If in our 
future year reporting the reconciliation of estimated data 
against actual data identifies a material error we will restate our 
reporting in accordance with our policy for restatement. 

 
Vodafone Group Plc 
 
Protecting our Planet 
Empowering People 
Maintaining Trust 
Other information 
 
 
 
 
9 
Emissions across our value chain1 
Million tonnes CO2e 
2020 
2021 
2022 
2023 
2024 
Total Scope 1 emissions from continuing operations 
0.26 
0.26 
0.25 
0.25 
0.26 
Total Scope 2 emissions (market-based method) from continuing 
operations 
1.44 
1.06 
0.77 
0.66 
0.43 
Total Scope 3 emissions from continuing operations1 
5.05 
6.01 
6.91 
6.92 
6.07 
Total Scope 1, 2 and 3 GHG emissions from continuing operations2 
6.75 
7.33 
7.93 
7.83 
6.76 
Total Scope 1 emissions from discontinued operations3 
0.05 
0.04 
0.01 
0.01 
0.01 
Total Scope 2 emissions (market-based method) from discontinued3 
operations 
0.13 
0.00 
0.00 
0.00 
0.01 
Total Scope 3 emissions from discontinued operations1,3 
1.13 
1.01 
1.12 
0.89 
0.77 
Total Scope 1, 2 and 3 GHG emissions from discontinued 
operations2, 3 
1.31 
1.05 
1.13 
0.90 
0.79 
Total Scope 1 emissions^ 
0.30 
0.30 
0.27 
0.26 
0.27 
Total Scope 2 emissions (market-based method)^ 
1.58 
1.06 
0.77 
0.66 
0.44 
Total Scope 3 emissions^1 
6.17 
7.02 
8.02 
7.80 
6.84 
Total Scope 1, 2 and 3 GHG emissions2  
8.05 
8.38 
9.06 
8.73 
7.55 
Total revenue from continuing operations (EUR million)4 
 
 
 
 
36,717 
Market-based scope 1, 2 and 3 GHG emissions intensity from 
continuing operations (tonnes per EUR million)4 
 
 
 
 
184.2 
Notes: 
^ 2024 Limited assurance under ISAE (UK) 3000 and ISAE 3410 by KPMG LLP, see our Methodology below for further information. The information for comparative periods has been restated to reflect portfolio changes. 
For information about assurance in comparative periods see ESG Addendum investors.vodafone.com/esg for information on assurance for 2023 and 2022 respectively. 
1. During the current year, information relating to 2020, 2021, 2022 and 2023 has been restated to reflect portfolio changes completed during FY23. See our ESG Addendum Methodology for more information on 
'Portfolio changes'. 
2. Operations in Italy and Spain have been classified as discontinued operations in line with 'IFRS 5 - Non-current Assets Held for Sale and Discontinued Operations'. All remaining operations are reported as continuing 
operations. This disaggregation of information has been reflected in all comparative periods. 
3. Includes data relating to our operations in Italy and Spain. 
4. Information for prior periods is not presented as the organisational boundaries for financial reporting are not consistent with those used in the calculation of GHG emissions. For information about intensity metrics for 
prior periods, see our FY23 ESG Addendum (investors.vodafone.com/esg). 

 
Vodafone Group Plc 
 
Protecting our Planet 
Empowering People 
Maintaining Trust 
Other information 
 
 
 
 
10 
Scope 1 GHG emissions 
These are emissions from operations under our operational 
control and include those from: 
– Diesel, petrol and other fuel used by cars and commercial 
vehicles owned by Vodafone or leased for six months or 
more; 
– Natural gas and other heating fuels used for space heating 
and hot water in our premises; 
– Diesel and petrol used for generators in off-grid areas, or 
where back-up capacity is required; and 
– Fugitive releases of refrigerants or fire suppressants used for 
air-conditioning or fire control systems in network buildings 
and offices. 
Conversion factors from the UK government’s Department for 
Business, Energy and Industrial Strategy have been used to 
calculate GHG emissions from other fuel sources such as diesel, 
petrol, natural gas and fuel oil as well as those from vehicles.  
Scope 2 GHG emissions 
These are emissions from electricity, heat, steam and cooling 
purchased to power our networks, technology centres, offices 
and retail stores. 
We report two different Scope 2 emission values: one using a 
‘market-based’ method and one using a ‘location-based’ method. 
The market-based method applies if we have operating 
companies in any countries where energy certificates or supplier-
specific information are available. The method involves using an 
emissions factor that is specific to the electricity purchased. The 
location-based method involves using an average emissions 
factor that relates to the grid on which energy consumption 
occurs. This usually relates to a country-level electricity, and 
where applicable district heating or cooling, emissions factor. 
The following external factor sources have been used to 
calculate our market-based emissions: 
Local market1 
Source 
Date of factor 
Albania 
Supplier Factor 
2022/23 
Czech Republic 
Supplier factor 
2022/23 
DRC 
IEA 
2022 
Egypt 
Supplier factor 
2022/23 
Germany 
Supplier factor 
2022/23 
Greece 
Supplier factor  
2022/23 
Ireland 
Supplier factor 
2022/23 
Italy 
Supplier factor2  
2022/23 
Lesotho 
IEA (for Africa) 
2022 
Mozambique 
IEA 
2022 
Portugal 
Supplier factor  
2022/23 
Romania 
Supplier factor 
2022/23 
South Africa 
Supplier factor 
2022 
Spain 
Supplier factor 
2022/23 
Tanzania 
IEA 
2022/23 
Turkey 
Supplier factor 
2022/23 
UK 
Supplier factor 
2022/23 
Notes: 
1. Relates to emissions for our operating companies, other factors are used for emissions from share 
services or other operations.  
2. The IEA factor is used for the calculation of market-based emissions from district cooling. 
Market-based emissions 
Emissions are calculated using a kWh to CO2e conversion factor 
based on one of the following sources (in order of the GHG 
Protocol hierarchy): 
– Supplier conversion factors specific to our contract; these 
include some markets where supplies are 100% renewable, 
and where we have sought evidence of singularity of supply;  
– Residual mix figures for 2022 – where the conversion factor 
reflects the removal of certificates, contracts and supplier-
specific factors claimed by other organisations; and 
– Location-based conversion factors as described below. 
Location-based emissions 
Emissions are calculated using a kWh to CO2e conversion 
factor provided in the 2023 International Energy Agency (‘IEA’) 
emissions factor database which uses data for the 2022 calendar 
year where available (2021 is used if not available). For the 
calculation of emissions from district heating in Germany the 
Department for Food and Rural Affairs (‘DEFRA’) emissions 
factor is applied. 
The emission factor for South Africa has been restated across all 
reported periods to apply the factor provided by the state-owned 
electricity provider to more accurately reflect the emissions. 

 
Vodafone Group Plc 
 
Protecting our Planet 
Empowering People 
Maintaining Trust 
Other information 
 
 
 
 
11 
Renewable electricity 
We consider grid electricity to be purchased from renewable 
sources if the grid electricity used in our operation is matched 
with renewable energy certificates (‘RECs’). RECs certify that 
power has been generated and added to the grid from a 
renewable source such as wind, solar or hydro. In addition, we 
purchase a growing proportion of our electricity directly from 
renewable generators through Power Purchase Agreements 
(‘PPAs’). We also generate a small proportion of the electricity 
we use ourselves, for example through rooftop solar panels. 
In some of the European countries where we operate, markets 
for purchasing renewable electricity (traceable using RECs) are 
not available. We match electricity used in these countries with 
RECs originating from grid-connected neighbouring markets. 
This means that the electricity used by our network in Europe is 
100% matched with renewable sources. 
The European markets where we match the grid electricity we 
use with RECs for the financial year ending 31 March 2024 are: 
Albania, Belgium, Czech Republic, France, Germany, Greece, 
Hungary, Ireland Italy, Luxembourg, the Netherlands, Portugal, 
Romania, Spain and the United Kingdom. 
Renewable electricity includes all renewable electricity from 
third-party suppliers which is traceable to Vodafone through a 
signed contract or provision of surrendered RECs. Renewable 
electricity excludes RECs passed on and retired by a third party. 
Scope 3 GHG emissions 
The GHG Protocol Corporate Standard defines 15 categories of 
Scope 3 emissions. All 15 categories have been assessed for 
inclusion within our reporting, where categories are excluded 
because there are no emissions, this is reviewed annually to 
ensure it remains valid and as part of our continued efforts to 
improve transparency and completeness of disclosure for our 
total GHG emissions footprint. 
We are committed to continual improvement in the quality 
and completeness of our Scope 3 emissions data inventory. We 
partner with carbon accounting specialists at The Carbon Trust to 
model and calculate our annual Scope 3 emissions. The Carbon 
Trust are experts in sustainability and carbon reporting who 
support us in identifying improvements to the completeness and 
accuracy of the input datasets and making improvements to 
methodology in line with emerging industry best practice.  
This year we have completed a review of our methodologies 
resulting in restatement of our Scope 3 emissions for all reported 
periods. This was undertaken to improve our data quality and 
estimation approach alongside the need to reflect portfolio 
changes and latest developments in industry standards and 
emission factors.  
The methodological changes made this year are considered to 
be insignificant. 
As the methodology for measuring Scope 3 GHG emissions is 
still developing and industry standards may change, we will 
continue to evolve our methodology, and this may result in in 
a need to amend or update our disclosures and/or our ESG 
ambitions, goals, commitments and/or targets or our 
evaluation against these. 
We calculate our emissions for upstream and downstream 
transportation and distribution using a hybrid approach of  
spend-based and product specific data, which does not 
differentiate between upstream and downstream 
transportation and distribution activities.  
In 2022 we improved our calculation methodology to enable 
emissions from capital goods and transportation and distribution 
to be reported separately from purchased goods and services. 
Prior to 2022, emissions from capital goods were included in the 
data reported for purchased goods and services together with 
emissions from all transportation and distribution. 
The table below provides a breakdown of our Scope 3 emissions 
alongside an overview of the methodology for our Scope 3 
calculations. Where the UK Government Department for 
Business, Energy and Industrial Strategy (‘BEIS’) emission factors 
are referenced, these refer to the conversion factors for company 
reporting of greenhouse gas emissions (published by BEIS in 
June 2023).  

 
Vodafone Group Plc 
 
Protecting our Planet 
Empowering People 
Maintaining Trust 
Other information 
 
 
 
 
12 
 
 
 
 
1. Purchased goods and 
services 
Emissions from the 
extraction, production and 
transportation of goods and 
services purchased by 
Vodafone (through 
operating expenditure). 
 
We use a hybrid approach to calculating Scope 3 category 1 emissions.  
For the majority of purchased goods and services, we use a spend-based approach whereby our 
procurement spend on each product category is multiplied by a corresponding environmentally 
extended input-output (‘EEIO’) emission factor (drawn from third-party EEIO datasets). 
For a sub-set of purchased goods, namely mobile phone devices that are purchased from original 
manufacturers for retail to our customers, we use a product-specific approach, whereby the units of 
product purchased are multiplied by a corresponding cradle-to-gate product carbon footprint (‘PCF’). 
The PCF data is drawn from EcoRating datasets.  
For a sub-set of purchased services procured from 20 service-based suppliers, we use a supplier-specific 
approach whereby our procurement spend on each supplier is multiplied by the supplier’s organisational 
carbon footprint intensity (market-based Scope 1 and 2 plus upstream Scope 3 emissions) in 
tCO2e/mUSD, as disclosed through publicly available 2023 Climate Disclosure Project (‘CDP’) disclosures. 
 
Changes made to the methodology this year include: 
– Further improvements to the mapping of EcoRating PCF data 
(to mobile handset models based on storage capacity and 
handset type e.g. smart or feature phone) applied to calculate 
emissions using the product-specific approach; 
– Increased the number of suppliers where CDP disclosure data 
has been used; and;  
– Recategorisation of spend data from Category 1 to Category 8 
where the spend item relates to upstream leased assets.. 
2. Capital Goods 
Emissions from the 
extraction, production and 
transportation of capital 
goods purchased by 
Vodafone (through capital 
expenditure). 
 
We use a spend-based approach to calculating the emissions for capital goods purchased. Capital 
expenditure on each type of capital good is multiplied by a corresponding EEIO emission factor (drawn 
from third-party EEIO datasets). 
 
 
Changes made to the methodology this year include: 
– Recategorisation of spend data from Category 2 to Category 8 
where the spend relates to upstream leased assets. 

 
Vodafone Group Plc 
 
Protecting our Planet 
Empowering People 
Maintaining Trust 
Other information 
 
 
 
 
13 
 
 
 
 
3. Fuel and energy-
related activities 
Emissions from the 
extraction, production and 
transportation of fuels and 
energy purchased by 
Vodafone and not already 
included in Scopes 1 and 2. 
It includes emissions from 
electricity transmission and 
distribution. 
 
Upstream fuel and energy emissions are calculated by applying BEIS emission factors for upstream  
well-to-tank (‘WTT’) and transmission and distribution (‘T&D’) emissions to Vodafone’s fuel and energy 
consumption data. International Energy Agency (‘IEA’) emissions factors are applied for international 
electricity consumption.  
 
 
There were no significant changes to the methodology for this 
category for this year. 
4. Upstream 
transportation and 
distribution 
Emissions from the 
transportation and 
distribution of products 
purchased by Vodafone 
between the manufacturing 
location of our Tier 1 
suppliers and our own 
operations. 
 
We use a hybrid approach to calculating Scope 3 category 4 emissions.  
For mobile phone devices that are purchased from original manufacturers for retail to our customers, we 
continued to use our original methodology for calculating these emissions. For these, we estimate the 
weight of products purchased based on desk-based research and multiply this by the distance between 
China (representing the origin location for the majority of our products) and the top five countries of 
purchased goods (representing the market destination of the majority of our products). A modal split of 
5% air freight and 95% shipping has been assumed and average BEIS emission factors for freight have 
been applied to estimate emissions.  
For all other goods purchased and sold, we estimate associated transportation and distribution emissions 
using a spend-based approach. These estimates account for transportation and distribution irrespective of 
whether it is upstream (category 4) or downstream (category 9). Therefore category 9 emissions are 
accounted for within this category.  
Where CDP data is used to calculate category 1 emissions we do not disaggregate emissions data relating 
to transportation and distribution for those purchased services. The emissions from transportation and 
distribution related to those services are therefore accounted for within our category 1 emissions.  
 
There were no significant changes to the methodology for this 
category for this year. 

 
Vodafone Group Plc 
 
Protecting our Planet 
Empowering People 
Maintaining Trust 
Other information 
 
 
 
 
14 
 
 
 
 
5. Waste generated in 
operations 
Emissions from the disposal 
and treatment of waste 
generated by our activities. 
 
Emissions are estimated by applying BEIS emission factors to tonnage of waste generated by our 
operations across all of our operating companies (not including post-consumer waste from our products). 
Where actual waste tonnage is not available, this is estimated by extrapolating a per full-time equivalent 
(‘FTE’) employee waste tonnage estimate, based on actual tonnage data for our UK operating company.  
 
 
There were no significant changes to the methodology for this 
category for this year. 
6. Business travel 
Emissions from 
transportation of 
employees for business-
related flights (air travel) 
and business-related travel 
by road and rail. 
 
Air travel emissions are calculated based on the distance travelled multiplied by the air travel emission 
factor for the corresponding ticket-class and flight length. Emission factors are drawn from the BEIS 
emission factors. The emissions factors applied were drawn from BEIS, for domestic (UK internal), 
international (non-UK), and long-haul and short-haul (to/from UK) flights. Data for the distance travelled 
is extracted from the database of Vodafone’s third-party travel booking provider. Distance data is 
included for both outward and return legs of all flights booked with an outward departure date within 
the reporting period.  
Rail travel emissions are calculated based on the distance travelled multiplied by a BEIS rail travel 
emission factor. Other business travel emissions are calculated based on Vodafone’s spend (on road, bus 
and taxi travel) as measured through our travel expenses system, multiplied by corresponding EEIO 
conversion factors. 
 
Changes made to the methodology this year include: 
– Calculating hotel emissions based on number of nights stayed, 
previously this was based on spend, multiplied by 
corresponding EEIO or BEIS conversion factors. 
7. Employee 
commuting 
Transportation of 
employees between their 
homes and worksites and 
energy use from home 
working during the 
reporting year. 
 
Emissions are estimated by multiplying the total number of employees (average FTE) per country by the 
estimated average distance travelled per day, estimated number of working days per year, estimated days 
working from the office and home per week, estimated proportion travelling by a particular mode of travel 
and energy use at home, and BEIS emission factors.  
 
Changes made to the methodology this year include: 
– Inclusion of working from home emissions based on the hybrid 
working policies in each of our operating companies. 

 
Vodafone Group Plc 
 
Protecting our Planet 
Empowering People 
Maintaining Trust 
Other information 
 
 
 
 
15 
 
 
 
 
8. Upstream leased 
assets 
Operation of assets leased 
by Vodafone, including 
third-party network sites. 
This includes the relevant 
sites leased from tower 
companies. 
 
The most significant upstream leased assets in Vodafone’s value chain are radio base station sites leased 
from third-party tower companies. At the majority of these leased sites, Vodafone owns and operates 
radio equipment. The electricity consumed by equipment owned and operated by Vodafone falls within 
our operational control boundary and is therefore accounted for in our Scope 2 emissions. The energy 
consumption of ancillary equipment (or ‘passive’ equipment) at these leased sites, which is owned and 
operated by the third-party landlord, is not within Vodafone’s operational control boundary, and therefore 
contributes to Vodafone’s Scope 3 category 8 emissions. These emissions are estimated based on the 
number of leased radio base station sites multiplied by the estimated average energy consumption of 
passive equipment, multiplied by the location-based emissions factor corresponding to the location of 
the site. The estimated average energy consumption of passive equipment is based on energy 
consumption data (electricity and diesel) of passive equipment at radio base station sites owned and 
operated by Vodafone.  
 
Changes made to the methodology this year include: 
– Recategorisation of spend data from Categories 1 and 2 to 
Category 8 where the spend relates to upstream leased assets. 
9. Downstream 
transportation and 
distribution 
Transportation of sold 
products from the point of 
sale to the customer. 
 
Where transportation of sold products is paid for by Vodafone (through the procurement of services from 
third-party logistics suppliers), the corresponding emissions are accounted for within Scope 3 category 4. 
On the basis that downstream transportation and distribution activities (which generally occur within 
country) are not significant compared to upstream transportation and distribution activities (which 
generally involve international freight), the emissions for this category have not been disaggregated 
to account for downstream transportation and distribution separately from upstream transportation 
and distribution.  
Therefore, no emissions are reported against this category. 
 
There were no changes to the reporting for this category for 
this year. 
10. Processing of sold 
products 
Downstream processing of 
sold products (prior to use 
phase). 
 
Vodafone does not sell products that require further processing before use. Therefore, this category of 
emissions is not relevant and no emissions are reported against this category. 
 
There were no changes to the reporting for this category for 
this year. 

 
Vodafone Group Plc 
 
Protecting our Planet 
Empowering People 
Maintaining Trust 
Other information 
 
 
 
 
16 
 
 
 
 
11. Use of sold 
products 
Emissions from the use of 
goods and services sold by 
Vodafone, principally from 
the energy used by network 
equipment, such as routers, 
and the energy required to 
charge mobile devices. 
 
These emissions include the emissions from electricity required to use electronic devices that Vodafone 
sells, including mobile phone handsets, fixed line equipment (such as broadband routers) and other 
electronic devices. Emissions are calculated based on the number of devices, multiplied by the estimated 
average lifetime energy use of each device, multiplied by the location-based emissions factor in the 
country of product sale. The estimated average lifetime energy use of mobile phone handsets is drawn 
from EcoRating data sets, if available, or else from desk-based research of publicly available information 
on the energy use of similar devices. For all other devices, use-phase electricity consumption is estimated 
based on proxies for the average energy use of similar products (based on publicly available information). 
These emissions do not include the emissions from the use of SIM cards sold by Vodafone, on the basis 
that SIM cards can be used in a wide range of equipment with a wide range of electricity consumption and 
do not themselves create emissions. 
 
Changes made to the methodology this year include: 
– Improved use-phase electricity consumption data based on 
storage capacity of mobile handsets. 
12. End-of-life 
treatment of sold 
products 
Waste disposal and 
treatment of products sold 
by the reporting company 
at the end of their life. 
 
These emissions are calculated based on the estimated weight of products sold by end-of-life disposal 
channel (based on average rate of waste electronic recycling versus landfill), multiplied by the 
corresponding BEIS emission factor for each end-of-life channel. The average rate of waste electronic 
recycling versus landfill is calculated using the average recycling rates in four of our markets (Germany, 
UK, Italy, Spain), based on desk research of publicly available information.  
 
There were no significant changes to the methodology for this 
category for this year.    
13. Downstream leased 
assets 
Emissions from the use of 
products or equipment 
leased to third parties. 
 
No emissions have previously been reported against this category.  
 
We have reported emissions from downstream leased assets for 
the first time this year and in all reported periods. This is based on 
the leased revenue reported in our financial statements. Emissions 
are calculated using the number of leased assets, multiplied by 
the lifetime electricity consumption and the corresponding IEA 
emission factor. 

 
Vodafone Group Plc 
 
Protecting our Planet 
Empowering People 
Maintaining Trust 
Other information 
 
 
 
 
17 
 
 
 
 
14. Franchises 
Operation of franchises in 
the reporting year, not 
included in Scope 1 or 2. 
 
Retail stores where Vodafone has operational control (including ability to specify the equipment installed 
in the store and how it is operated, irrespective of whether the store is owned or leased by Vodafone) fall 
within our operational control boundary and are therefore accounted for in our Scope 1 and 2 emissions. 
Vodafone operates a franchise model in some of its markets, where retail stores are not under Vodafone’s 
operational control, and where the energy required to operate the store is primarily determined by the 
decisions of a third-party franchisee. These franchised retail stores fall outside Vodafone’s operational 
boundary and are therefore accounted for in our Scope 3 emissions. These emissions are calculated by 
multiplying average energy use per retail store (based on the average electricity and natural gas use in 
retail stores in Germany) by the corresponding IEA and BEIS emission factors for that country, multiplied 
by number of franchise retail stores in each market.  
 
There were no significant changes to the methodology for this 
category for this year.    
15. Investments 
Emissions from activities 
financed by Vodafone 
through investments in 
joint ventures and 
associates where Vodafone 
has significant influence.  
 
Emissions from joint ventures and associates are calculated based on Vodafone’s equity ownership and 
the corresponding proportion of the company’s Scope 1 and 2 emissions. In FY24, these investments 
included network operators in Australia, the Netherlands, India, Ethiopia, Kenya and infrastructure 
partners in India.  
The company’s carbon emissions are based on the latest available annual carbon footprint data, either 
provided directly to Vodafone through engagement with the investee company, or from publicly 
disclosed company carbon reporting for the latest available reporting year. A proportion of the total 
annual Scope 1 and 2 emissions of the investee company is reported based on our equity share as at the 
end of the reporting period. 
Scope 3 emissions from investee companies are not currently included in this category as we have not 
yet been able to determine the significance of the Scope 3 emissions to each investee company’s 
total emissions. 
 
There were no significant changes to the methodology for this 
category for this year.    

 
Vodafone Group Plc 
 
Protecting our Planet 
Empowering People 
Maintaining Trust 
Other information 
 
 
 
 
18 
Carbon enablement 
Carbon enablement – GHG savings for customers enabled by our 
green digital solutions 
Over the last few years Vodafone has been estimating the 
potential global carbon abatement impact of their products and 
services with the support of The Carbon Trust, an external 
consultant.  
Carbon abatement, also known as enablement or avoided 
emissions, is an estimated measurement of carbon savings 
resulting from the use of products and services. It is specifically 
the measurement of the avoidance or reduction of greenhouse 
gas emissions that would otherwise have occurred had these 
connections and services in these use cases not been in place.  
An estimate of the carbon abatement impact for each use case is 
calculated by multiplying product volume (e.g., number of IoT 
connections) by a carbon abatement factor. 
A use case is a proposition within Vodafone’s business customer 
portfolio that has the potential to reduce carbon emissions (e.g., 
Smart metering, Fleet management, Health-care monitoring). 
Vodafone has been working with The Carbon Trust to define and 
identify these use cases, develop methodologies and estimate 
the associated carbon abatement impact by applying a carbon 
factor to each use case. The Carbon Trust is a third-party expert in 
the field of carbon measurement, and we rely on their expertise 
to determine the carbon abatement potential of the use case. 
The carbon abatement factor for each use case is mainly 
informed by either an external study, an internal Vodafone study 
or documented expert assumptions. For use cases where the 
location of the connection is relevant to the carbon abatement 
factor, a country-specific input is included (e.g., for Fleet 
Management, the carbon abatement factor includes average 
annual emissions for a car in the country where the connection is 
located). For countries where insufficient data is available, proxies 
or other assumptions have been substituted.  
We strive to develop measures of carbon enablement through 
collaboration with carbon experts and technology sector industry 
peers. As the science of measuring carbon enablement develops, 
we recognise ongoing limitations with our current approach, and 
will continue to evolve our methodology to address them in light 
of emerging industry standards. These limitations include: 
– We measure carbon abatement on a gross estimate basis. 
This means that the carbon emissions avoided are not net of 
the lifecycle carbon emissions of the product or service itself.  
– We do not account for any potential rebound effects. This 
means we do not measure any possible emissions associated 
with unintended changes of behaviour that could result from 
the implementation of the products or services.  
As the methodology for measuring carbon enablement 
emissions is still developing and industry standards may change, 
we will continue to evolve our methodology. This may result in a 
need to amend or update our disclosures and/or our ESG 
ambitions, goals, commitments and/or targets or our evaluation 
of progress against these. 
We do not claim to be solely attributable for the carbon 
emissions avoided by the products and services we sell. Rather, 
we calculate carbon abatement so that we can better understand 
the potential scale of the carbon emissions that could be 
avoided, as a measure of how Vodafone contributes to the 
decarbonisation of society. 
Our carbon enablement metric has not been externally assured 
this year. Our carbon enablement target and metrics are 
currently under review in light of evolving methodologies for 
measuring the ‘net carbon impact’ of digital solutions. 

 
Vodafone Group Plc 
 
Protecting our Planet 
Empowering People 
Maintaining Trust 
Other information 
 
 
 
 
19 
Fleet Management Solutions 
Description 
 
Carbon abatement mechanism 
Cars 
Average car: 117 
kgCO2e/connection 
Car fleet management is primarily used for satellite navigation and feedback on driver 
behaviour. This includes fleet management systems which may be used for optimised 
routing and avoiding congested areas, reducing fuel consumption, and telematics 
systems, which can offer real time feedback to drivers. 
 
The implementation of fleet management systems enables optimised routing and 
dispatching of vehicles, improved driving behaviour and reduced fuel consumption 
that leads to carbon reduction. Fuel savings per vehicle due to the fleet 
management system are assumed to be 6% for cars and 5% (when adjusted to 
eliminate potential double counting of avoided emissions associated with the 
Connected Car use case, which is listed as a separate use case). 
Heavy goods vehicles 
(‘HGVs’) 
Average HGV: 1,967 
kgCO2e/connection 
HGV fleet management is primarily used for satellite navigation and feedback on driver 
behaviour. This includes fleet management systems which may be used for optimised 
routing and avoiding congested areas, reducing fuel consumption, and telematics 
systems, which can offer real time feedback to drivers. 
 
The implementation of fleet management systems enables optimised routing and 
dispatching of vehicles, improved driving behaviour and reduced fuel consumption 
that leads to carbon reduction. Fuel savings per vehicle due to the fleet 
management system are assumed to be 6% for HGVs. 
Light goods vehicle 
(‘LGVs’) 
Average LGV: 282 
kgCO2e/connection 
LGV fleet management is primarily used for optimised delivery and dispatch routing, 
fuel consumption tracking, and monitoring of driver performance. Fleet management 
systems optimise delivery and dispatch routing, minimising unnecessary journeys, 
while telematics systems can offer real time feedback to drivers. 
 
The implementation of fleet management systems enables optimised routing and 
dispatching of vehicles, improved driving behaviour and reduced fuel consumption 
that leads to carbon reduction. Fuel savings per vehicle due to the fleet 
management system are assumed to be 6% for LGVs. 
Bus 
Average bus: 2,443 
kgCO2e/connection 
Connected telematics system that consist of an in-vehicle unit (IVU) connected to a 
central server. This feeds back real-time information on the global positioning system 
(‘GPS’) location of the vehicle and may include other performance metrics such as fuel 
consumption and driver performance. 
 
Connected buses can communicate with traffic light systems to prioritise bus routes, 
improving fuel efficiency. GPS location services can also be used to inform 
passengers of bus arrival times. Both features can help to increase bus patronage 
and improve emissions per passenger. Fuel savings per vehicle due to the fleet 
management system are assumed to be 6% for buses. 
Mixed vehicles 
Average vehicle: 289 
kgCO2e/connection 
Fleet management is primarily used for satellite navigation and feedback on driver 
behaviour. This includes fleet management systems which may be used for optimised 
routing and avoiding congested areas, reducing fuel consumption, and telematics 
systems, which can offer real time feedback to drivers. 
 
The implementation of fleet management systems enables optimised routing and 
dispatching of vehicles, improved driving behaviour and reduced fuel consumption 
that leads to carbon reduction. Fuel savings per vehicle due to the fleet 
management system are assumed to be 6% for mixed vehicles. 
Vodafone Business 
Fleet Analytics (‘VBFA’) 
Global average: 220 
kgCO2e/connection 
VBFA gathers real-time operational data and actionable insights on fleet performance 
to maximise vehicle performance, keep employees safe and manage routes with 
connected intelligence and in doing so the solution reduces fuel consumption. 
 
The implementation of fleet management systems enables optimised routing and 
dispatching of vehicles, improved driving behaviour and reduced fuel consumption 
that leads to carbon reduction. Fuel savings per vehicle due to the fleet 
management system are assumed to be 4.6%. 

 
Vodafone Group Plc 
 
Protecting our Planet 
Empowering People 
Maintaining Trust 
Other information 
 
 
 
 
20 
 
 
 
 
Electric Vehicle Solutions 
 
Description 
 
Carbon abatement mechanism 
Electric vehicles (‘EV’) 
charging points  
Average EV private charging 
point: 1,318 
kgCO2e/connection 
Average EV public charging 
point: 6,865 
kgCO2e/connection 
Global average EV mixed 
charging point: 3,653 
kgCO2e/connection 
 
IoT enabled EV charging points interact with electric vehicles or driver mobile apps to 
direct drivers to the most appropriate EV charging point, giving drivers the confidence 
to carry out more journeys in electric vehicles. 
 
The use of an electric vehicle over a traditional fuelled vehicle has significant carbon 
savings. It is assumed each electric vehicle journey provided by the charging point 
replaces a car journey travelled in an average car with an internal combustion engine 
(i.e. petrol or diesel). 
Healthcare Solutions 
 
Description 
 
Carbon abatement mechanism 
Smart health care – 
remote patient 
monitoring  
Average remote patient 
monitor: 264 
kgCO2e/connection 
 
Remote patient monitoring devices allow chronic or high-risk patients to be monitored 
within their own home. This prevents excess journeys to and from hospital by both 
patients and healthcare professionals, as well as freeing up hospital beds. 
 
The emissions associated with hospital stays (based on average emissions of a 
patient occupying a hospital bed per day) are avoided by allowing the patient to 
remain at home. There are also the avoided emissions from not having to make the 
car journey to and from the hospital. 
Cold Chain Logistics  
53 kgCO2e/connection 
 
Real-time data from connected data loggers, ensure effective monitoring of the 
refrigeration temperatures of medical supplies along the cold chain, which allows for 
intervention to take place if temperatures fall below the optimum level.. 
 
Optimised medical refrigeration monitoring, reduces wastage along the cold chain 
because of real-time temperature tracking and intervention. 

 
Vodafone Group Plc 
 
Protecting our Planet 
Empowering People 
Maintaining Trust 
Other information 
 
 
 
 
21 
Other Transport and  
Logistics Solutions 
 
Description 
Carbon abatement mechanism 
Satellite navigation  
Global average: 241 
kgCO2e/connection 
 
Satellite navigation systems help drivers find the quickest route to their destination 
and, increasingly, are also able to advise on avoiding congestion. 
Savings from reduced mileage and avoided stop-start driving. Real-time traffic 
information, enabled by IoT connections can deliver additional emission savings 
over and above the baseline of a stand-alone satellite navigation system. Assumed 
8% in fuel savings enabled by satellite navigation. 
 
Smart bins 
Global average: 5 
kgCO2e/smart bin 
 
Municipal waste bins are linked to a computer server by IoT connections and update 
the server on a regular basis to relay information on how full the bins are, when the 
bins are full sensors trigger the system to include that particular bin in a collection 
round. 
Smart bins allow optimised routing for the bin collections, which leads to reduced 
number of trips for the same waste collection, resulting in reduced fuel usage. 
Taxi computers 
Global average: 473 
kgCO2e/connection 
 
A central taxi dispatch and control system is able to communicate electronically with 
taxis and receive automatic updates on location of all taxis in a fleet, which allows for 
optimised dispatch of taxis. 
Savings in distance travelled enabled by optimised dispatch of taxis across the fleet. 
Assumed 5% fuel savings per connection. 
Usage-based car 
insurance 
Global average: 189 
kgCO2e/connection 
 
Usage based car insurance involves collecting data telematics from vehicles to 
monitor how the vehicles are driven, offering feedback to the drivers for improvement 
of safety, efficiency and best practice. 
Carbon savings will be due to reduced fuel consumption from improved driver 
behaviour as a result of feedback provided to the drivers, and the incentive for 
reduced insurance premiums. There are also carbon savings due to reduced 
number of accidents and the emissions associated with vehicle repairs. 
Handheld terminals 
Global average: 470 
kgCO2e/connection 
 
Handheld terminals are used in the route optimisation of delivery vehicles (LGVs). The 
route optimisation solution allows the most fuel-efficient route to be used to deliver 
the same service or number of deliveries. 
Savings come from fuel efficiencies in shorter distances travelled due to the route 
optimisation. Fuel savings per delivery vehicle assumed to be 10% while using 
handheld terminals. 
Connected car 
Global average: 302 kg 
CO2e/connection 
 
Connected car technology enables over the air software updates, allowing remote and 
immediate software updates (to correct issues). This helps reduce the need to call 
back cars to the service partners. It also allows for dynamic routing to reduce travel 
time and fuel/energy consumption. Remote monitoring reduces the change of 
damage parts with new parts (reduces carbon footprint for producing new or spare 
parts) and tyre management. Lastly, its start stop capability further reduces fuel 
consumption while driving. 
Savings from reduced mileage and excess fuel consumption. Assumed 12.1% in 
fuel savings, this comes from a weighted average savings of cars pre and post 2019 
as well as taking into consideration any potential double counting from fleet 
management. The fuel savings per mechanism are: 3.3% for adaptive cruise control, 
1.5% for tyre pressure monitoring, 8.7% from general connected car savings and 2% 
from incremental telematics increases. 
 
 

 
Vodafone Group Plc 
 
Protecting our Planet 
Empowering People 
Maintaining Trust 
Other information 
 
 
 
 
22 
 
Smart metering solutions 
 
Description 
 
Carbon abatement mechanism 
Commercial 
Global average: 1,798 
kgCO2e/smart meter  
 
IoT-enabled meters, which regularly record utility consumption (gas or electricity) and 
communicate the information back to the energy or utility company to allow remote 
reporting.  
Commercial settings also often have multiple smart meters to isolate different areas of 
consumption. Sub-meters and district heating are allocated under commercial smart 
meters. 
 
Smart meters in commercial property provide visibility to building managers as to 
where and when an organisation is consuming energy. Smart meters have been 
shown to lead to energy savings, as consumption can be better monitored and 
optimised. The electricity and gas use avoided per commercial building with a smart 
meter were assumed to be 16.8% (based on publicly available research of 
commercial building metering).   
Residential 
Global average for 
residential gas: 29 
kgCO2e/connection 
Global average for 
residential electricity: 98 
kgCO2e/ connection  
Global average for 
residential dual fuel 
customers: 127 
kgCO2e/connection  
Global average for 
residential mixed metering: 
69 kgCO2e/connection 
 
IoT-enabled meters, which regularly record utility consumption (electricity or gas) 
and communicate the information back to the energy or utility company to allow 
remote reporting.  
 
Smart meters are seen as an important tool to reduce domestic utility consumption 
and manage utility networks more efficiently. Many studies have demonstrated that 
the installation of smart meters and associated initiatives have resulted in energy 
consumption reductions. The electricity use avoided per residential home with a 
smart meter were assumed to be 3.5%, and 3% for gas use (based on Vodafone 
industry insights research).   
Mixed metering 
Global average range: 45-
160 kgCO2e/connection  
 
IoT-enabled meters, which regularly record utility consumption (gas and/or electricity) 
and communicate the information back to the energy or utility company to allow 
remote reporting. 
Mixed metering includes mixed electricity and gas meters, mixed commercial and 
residential electricity meters, and mixed commercial and residential gas meters. 
 
Smart meters are seen as an important tool to reduce domestic utility consumption 
and manage utility networks more efficiently. Many studies have demonstrated that 
the installation of smart meters and associated initiatives have resulted in energy 
consumption reductions. For customer with a relatively low level of consumption 
but for which the metering type (residential or commercial) was not known, a mixed 
metering abatement factor was applied representative of a weighted average of 
emissions avoided from residential and commercial metering solutions). 

 
Vodafone Group Plc 
 
Protecting our Planet 
Empowering People 
Maintaining Trust 
Other information 
 
 
 
 
23 
 
Other green solutions 
 
Description 
 
Carbon abatement mechanism 
Street lighting 
Global average: 9 
kgCO2e/connection 
 
IoT enabled street lighting allows variable levels of lighting depending on the time of 
day and the extent to which people are nearby. 
 
The carbon saving is achieved through avoiding the use of streetlights when it is not 
necessary. Lower levels of street lighting may be used in less busy areas. Emissions 
avoided are from the reduced use of electricity. 
Connected E-mobility 
Global e-bike average: 162 
kgCO2e/connection  
Global e-scooter average: 
187 kgCO2e/connection 
Global mixed e-mobility 
average: 167 
kgCO2e/connection 
 
IoT connection for electric scooters and electric bikes that are used instead of the 
normal mix of transportation (car, public transport, walking etc.). 
 
Vodafone provides IoT connections for e-vehicles such as e-scooters and e-bikes. 
Avoided emissions arise from customers that opt to use electric vehicles instead of 
using cars or some forms of public transport. The avoided emissions are calculated 
based on the fuel use from the journey avoided using the alternative mode of 
transport. 
Connected solar panels 
Global average: 18 
kgCO2e/SIM 
 
Solar panels connected through SIM cards. 
 
The IoT-enabled network of solar panels communicate if there is a fault and can 
raise alarm if the system crashes. Having the connected solar panels allows 
technicians to remotely restart the system without having to travel to the solar park, 
reducing truck roll. This results in the avoidance of emissions associated with the 
saved fuel from not having to be at the solar park to restart the system. 
Device Lifecycle 
Management (‘DLM’) 
Green 
Global phone range: 20 – 
44 kgCO2e/device  
Global tablet range: 37 – 82 
kgCO2e/device 
 
The DLM Green scheme supplies and manages Vodafone’s customers with leased 
mobile phones and tablets, which are refurbished and resold at the end of the lease. 
The device leases range from 12-36 months. 
 
The devices are refurbished and redistributed (or recycled) at the end of the lease 
period. The devices’ lifespan is effectively extended. Avoided emissions are enabled 
as the devices lifecycle emissions are spread over a greater period of time, and 
through their redistribution as refurbished products, the production of a new device 
(and associated lifecycle emissions from the extraction of raw materials, production 
and manufacture, transportation and distribution etc.) is avoided. 

 
Vodafone Group Plc 
 
Protecting our Planet 
Empowering People 
Maintaining Trust 
Other information 
 
 
 
 
24 
Other green solutions 
 
Description 
 
Carbon abatement mechanism 
Software defined wide 
area network (‘SD-
WAN’)  
Global average: 46 
kgCO2e/site 
 
Vodafone’s connectivity enables its customers to switch from traditional wide area 
network (‘WAN’) to SD-WAN networks in their sites. The solution allows for optimised 
logistics, reduced on-site equipment as well as remote management capabilities. 
 
The switch and replacement of traditional WAN devices with Vodafone’s SD-WAN 
cloud-based devices reduces the number of equipment and logistics. 
Dematerialisation reduces the overall energy consumption of the SD-WAN solution 
which translates to carbon savings. The remote management capabilities enabled 
by the cloud-based network reduces the number of site visits required per year. 
Reduced travel to and from the sites leads to reduced fuel consumption. 
Software defined local 
area network (‘SD-
LAN’)  
Global average: 239 
kgCO2e/site 
 
Vodafone’s connectivity enables its customers to switch from traditional LAN to SD 
LAN networks in their sites. 
 
There is a reduction in on-site equipment for customers as traditional LAN controller 
devices are replaced with a Cloud-based solution, in turn this results in a reduction in 
energy consumption. 
Water leak detection 
742 kgCO2e/connection 
 
Vodafone’s narrow-band IoT service enabled acoustic loggers (water sensors) allow for 
real time data to be transmitted to a control room. Detected leaks can therefore be 
rapidly responded to and repaired.   
 
The annual reduction in leakage enabled by streamlined repairs saves water which 
would have otherwise been lost from the network. There are carbon savings 
associated with this retained water as less water needs to be processed each day 
reducing the energy consumed daily.  
Working from home 
(avoided commuting) 
Global average: 312 
kgCO2e/license 
 
Vodafone’s connectivity enables access to remote working and collaboration 
platforms. Using these platforms, companies can allow employees to work from home, 
avoiding or reducing the need to commute to and from their usual workplace. 
 
This avoidance or reduction in commuting results in a decrease in transport related 
fuel and energy consumption and its associated emissions. While commuting 
patterns vary by country, the avoided travel emissions typically come from the 
reduced fuel consumption of cars or trains. 
Smart parking 
15 kgCO2e/parking space 
 
IoT enabled smart parking spaces with sensors identify free spaces for users and 
provide routing options. This optimises parking operations and reduces the time and 
fuel consumption wasted searching for parking, leading to a reduction in emissions. 
 
IoT enabled smart parking spaces with sensors lead to carbon savings by reducing 
the time spent by vehicles searching for parking spaces and therefore lead to 
reduced fuel consumption and reduced emissions. 
Cloud & hosting – 
Vodafone data centres 
United Kingdom: 56 
kgCO2e/VM  
 
Vodafone provides shared centralised data centre hosting services through the data 
centres they own and manage. 
 
The carbon savings are due to efficiencies of operation within a dedicated managed 
data centre environment, compared to on premises computing facilities. This being 
primarily from increased utilisation of servers through virtualisation, and improved 
power usage effectiveness (PUE). This results in a reduction in electricity use per 
data server, and associated reduction in emissions. 

 
Vodafone Group Plc 
 
Protecting our Planet 
Empowering People 
Maintaining Trust 
Other information 
 
 
 
 
25 
Other green solutions 
 
Description 
 
Carbon abatement mechanism 
Germany: 35 kgCO2e/VM  
Ireland: 27 kgCO2e/VM 
Cloud & hosting – 
Equinix data centres 
60 kgCO2e/VM 
 
Equinix provides shared centralised data centre hosting services that Vodafone 
customers are transferred to. 
 
The carbon savings are due to efficiencies of operation within a dedicated managed 
data centre environment, compared to on premises computing facilities. This being 
primarily from increased utilisation of servers through virtualisation, and improved 
PUE. 
Cloud & hosting – 
colocation  
United Kingdom: 381,004 
kgCO2e/MW 
Germany: 304,020 
kgCO2e/MW  
Ireland: 219,898 
kgCO2e/MW 
 
Vodafone offers a shared datacentre for customers to use that has a lower power usage 
effectiveness (‘PUE’) than on-site server use.  
 
Carbon emissions are avoided through Vodafone’s more energy efficient colocation 
solution, reducing electricity consumption compared to the average regional energy 
efficiency of datacentres. The savings are due to Vodafone’s improved PUE. This 
results in a reduction in electricity use per square metre area of utilisation in the data 
centre, and associated reduction in emissions. 
Call conferencing  
0.15 kgCO2e/minute 
 
Call conferencing technology allows companies to conduct business remotely through 
call conferencing, from 2024 this includes International Voice data. 
 
Call conferencing enables carbon savings through the reduction of emissions from 
travel for business purposes. 

 
Vodafone Group Plc 
 
Protecting our Planet 
Empowering People 
Maintaining Trust 
Other information 
 
 
 
 
26 
Energy use 
Improving energy efficiency continued to be a strategic priority for Vodafone, to control both energy 
costs and GHG emissions. Energy use by our mobile access network, fixed-line network and 
technology centres accounted for 93% of our total global energy consumption across all 
operations. Energy efficiencies were achieved through a wide range of initiatives including 
modernisation of legacy equipment with new generation and highly efficient network equipment, 
new software functionality that reduces energy consumption in low-load conditions, improving 
energy efficiency in our data centres, digital solutions for energy optimisation, and rationalisation of 
our properties. 
Energy Sources 
GWh 
2020 
2021 
2022 
2023 
2024 
Totall energy coonsumption from continuing operations1 
4,995 
4,991 
4,926 
5,052 
5,217 
Renewable energy consumption from continuing operations1 
430 
1,620 
2,759 
3,083 
3,504 
Non-renewable energy consumption from continuing operations2 
4,565 
3,371 
2,168 
1,969 
1,713 
Totall energy coonsumption from discontinued operations 
1,343 
1,343 
1,358 
1,431 
1,392 
Renewable energy consumption from continuing operations1 
796 
1,308 
1,316 
1,378 
1,357 
Non-renewable energy consumption from discontinued operations 
547 
35 
43 
53 
35 
Totall energy coonsumption from all operations 
6,338 
6,334 
6,284 
6,484 
6,609 
Renewable energy consumption from all operations1 
1,226 
2,928 
4,074 
4,461 
4,860 
Non-renewable energy consumption from all operations 
5,111 
3,406 
2,210 
2,022 
1,748 
Notes: 
1. Renewable transport includes only renewable electricity from charging points at office locations used to charge electric vehicles. It excludes any biofuel 
content in diesel or petrol vehicle fuel which is included in the non-renewable transport category. 
2. Previously reported information has been restated to remove the estimate for electricity generated from stationary diesel and petrol generators using a 
conversion efficiency factor.  
 

 
Vodafone Group Plc 
 
Protecting our Planet 
Empowering People 
Maintaining Trust 
Other information 
 
 
 
 
27 
Renewable energy 
The majority of the energy we use in our operations comes from purchased grid electricity. Our 
network also uses electricity generated by stationary generators, which are mostly powered by fossil 
fuels (diesel or petrol). Our fleet of vehicles is fuelled by a mix of diesel, petrol and, increasingly, 
purchased electricity. This year, we continued our efforts to phase out fossil fuels from our 
operations in favour of renewable energy sources. 
Renewable energy1 
Percentage (%) 
2020 
2021 
2022 
2023 
2024 
Renewable grid electricity purchased (% of purchased electricity) (Europe) 
from all operations 
33% 
78% 
96% 
100% 
100% 
Renewable grid electricity purchased (% of purchased electricity) (Europe) 
from continuing operations 
18% 
66% 
93% 
100% 
100% 
Renewable grid electricity purchased (% of purchased electricity) (Europe) 
from discontinued operations2 
62% 
100% 
100% 
100% 
100% 
Renewable grid electricity purchased (% of purchased electricity) 
(Group) from all operations^ 
23% 
54% 
77% 
81% 
88% 
Renewable energy (% of total energy consumption)3 
19% 
46% 
65% 
69% 
74% 
Notes: 
^  2024 Assured by KPMG LLP, see our ESG Addendum Methodology for further information. The information for comparative periods has been restated to reflect 
portfolio changes. For information about assurance in comparative periods see ESG Addendum investors.vodafone.com/esg for information on assurance for 
2023 and 2022 respectively. 
1. During the current year, information relating to 2020, 2021, 2022 and 2023 has been restated to reflect portfolio changes completed during FY23. See our ESG 
Addendum Methodology for more information on 'Portfolio changes'. 
2. Includes data relating to our operations in Italy and Spain. 
3. Includes all energy from electricity and fuels. 
 

 
Vodafone Group Plc 
 
Protecting our Planet 
Empowering People 
Maintaining Trust 
Other information 
 
 
 
 
28 
Waste and Water 
Our goal is to reuse, resell or recycle 100% of our network waste 
by 2025. We consistently seek to manage our own waste impact 
in a responsible manner and support our customers with their 
efforts. All of our operations are required to follow our global 
waste policy, which includes minimum requirements on waste 
measures and prioritises the reuse, resale or recycling of surplus 
or obsolete network equipment. We aim to keep resources in 
use for as long as possible and then recover and reuse 
materials responsibly. 
Waste Management  
We report on the following waste generated from our network 
operations, which includes used telecommunications equipment 
and other waste equipment (including electrical and electronic 
equipment). Network waste excludes waste from activities not 
directly related to the operation of our network including waste 
from passive network infrastructure or waste that requires 
secure disposal. 
Hazardous waste is excluded and reported separately. 
Reuse is defined as the redeployment of used equipment from 
our network in one operating company to a network in a different 
operating company, or resale of used equipment for use by a 
third party. 
Recycling is defined as the process where authorised third parties 
are contracted to recover certain materials from our network 
waste for treatment or re-processing so they can be converted 
into new materials or objects.  
Disposed network waste refers to waste that cannot be reused or 
recycled and is therefore sent to landfill or incineration via a 
third-party waste management partner in line with our waste 
management policy. 
We report our network waste information excluding data relating 
to reused batteries from reused network waste. 
Devices 
In accordance with our partnership with WWF we report on the 
number of used mobile phones collected for refurbishment and 
re-use recycling or donation of social causes. 
Water usage 
We report the total amount of water withdrawn from the 
following sources in cubic metres (M3): 
– Surface water; 
– Ground water; 
– Seawater; and 
– Third party water. 
We also report the total amount of water withdrawn in water-
stressed countries, based on the World Resources Institute (‘WRI’) 
Aqueduct database of water-stressed areas. 
We report our water usage excluding bottled water and rainwater 
collected. 
Intensity Metrics 
We report our carbon, energy and water intensity metrics which 
enables us to measure our energy efficiency over time. These 
metrics are calculated using the revenue figure reporting in our 
consolidated financial statements. 
Environmental Accreditations 
We continue to implement international standards for energy 
and environmental management systems across the Group to 
improve the way we manage our energy use and 
environmental impacts.  
ISO 50001 is based on the management system model of 
continuous improvement also used for other standards such as 
ISO 9001 or ISO 14001. This makes it easier for organisations to 
integrate energy management into their overall efforts to 
improve quality and environmental management. It provides a 
framework of requirements for organisations to develop a policy 
for more efficient use of energy; fix targets and objectives to 
meet the policy; use data to better understand and make 
decisions about energy use; measure results; review how well 
the policy works; and continually improve energy management. 
ISO 14001 is a systematic framework to manage the immediate 
and long-term environmental impacts of an organisation’s 
products, services and processes to help organisations: minimise 
their environmental footprint; diminish the risk of pollution 
incidents; provide operational improvements; ensure compliance 
with relevant environmental legislation; and develop their 
business in a sustainable manner. 
We report on our environmental accreditations using ISO140001 
and ISO50001, using the accreditation scope defined by the 
relevant accreditation body in each country. 

 
Vodafone Group Plc 
 
Protecting our Planet 
Empowering People 
Maintaining Trust 
Other information 
 
 
 
29 
Empowering  
people 
29 Closing the digital divide 
30 Financial Inclusion 
 
Closing the digital divide 
We believe everyone should fully benefit from the digital 
society, regardless of who they are or where they live. However, 
with a third of the world’s population still offline, a digital divide 
between the connected and unconnected persists. We focus 
on overcoming the main barriers to connectivity by increasing 
network coverage, increasing access to smart devices, and 
providing services aimed specifically at bringing more 
women online. 
4G population coverage 
This KPI measures the proportion of the nationwide population 
that is within range of a 4G mobile network with sufficient radio 
signal strength in outdoor scenarios for a user’s mobile device 
to remain connected to the network and be able to receive 
downstream (from the Internet to the device) data at a 
throughput rate of at least 1Mbps. 
A data rate of at least 1Mbps is considered as the minimum 
required for users to connect to the Internet for the purposes 
of web-browsing, using online applications as well as to provide 
a basic level of video streaming. 
As the data rate on a mobile device is directly linked to the 
radio signal strength it receives, we are able to calculate the 
minimum signal strength required to support the minimum 
threshold of 1Mbps. 
We use radio planning tools to map out the population spread 
and densities as well as terrain criteria by using 3rd party 
databases containing this information for a specific country or 
region. We use this tool to identify optimum locations to build a 
new radio base station site as well as to optimise the existing 
network to ensure our customers enjoy a reliable and 
consistent data experience. 
By mapping all our radio base station sites and their individual 
technical characteristics such as antenna direction and radio 
signal strength for example within the tool, we are able to 
calculate the proportion of the population within a country or 
geographic area who will typically obtain sufficient radio signal 
strength for their device to maintain a downstream data rate of 
at least 1Mbps. 
On-net gigabit connections 
We report the number of fixed access networks in Europe 
where the Group owns and manages the active equipment 
which is capable of downloading data at a rate of at least one 
gigabit per second (1Gps). We use our inventory database of 
fixed access networks to identify the number of gigabit capable 
connections; industry standard DOCSIS 3.1 and Fibre to the 
Premise (FTTP). 
5G availability 
We report the number of countries where the Group provides a 
commercially live 5G service from at least one radio access site 
and the number of cities with a population over 100,000 with 
this service. Commercially live 5G services are defined as those 
where customers are able to obtain 5G access and use it to 
send or receive mobile traffic over the 5G network. We use our 
inventory database and radio planning tools to identify the 
locations of 5G services and to map out the population spread 
for a specific country or city. 

 
Vodafone Group Plc 
 
Protecting our Planet 
Empowering People 
Maintaining Trust 
Other information 
 
 
 
30 
IoT SIM connections 
We report the number of IoT SIM connections that are assigned to an 
external customer as at 31 March of the reporting year.  
Number of unique users accessing Vodafone’s V-Hub 
service 
The V-Hub service is designed to support self-employed people and 
small businesses. We report the cumulative number of unique users 
who have accessed Vodafone’s V-Hub service since it launched in 
July 2020.  
A ‘user’ of the service is a unique visitor to the V-Hub website, tracked 
by analytics software – this could be an individual or a business. 
‘Access’ is a single instance of entering a page on a V-Hub website. 
The metric covers all locations that have launched V-Hub in:” 
– All European operating companies; 
– The Netherlands; 
– South Africa; 
– Egypt; and 
– Turkey. 
Number of farmers registered on agricultural platform 
(millions) 
We report the total number of farmers and commercial farms using 
one or more of our agriculture platform. The total number is the 
cumulative number of unique active users (identified by mobile 
phone number) per product. This accommodates seasonal use of 
select platforms. 
Provided by Mezzanine: 
– MYFARMWEBTM; 
– eVuna (dairy management; seasonal; vouchering and 
marketplace) 
Provided by Vodacom Tanzania:  
– M-Kulima 
Financial inclusion 
We offer the below financial service-related solutions, which are 
considered as being in line with the World Bank definition of 
financial inclusion: 
– M-Pesa (or equivalent) 
– VodaSure insurance 
– VodaLend – Business loans and cash advance 
– VodaPay 
Financial inclusion customers are defined as the unique 
number of 30-day active customers holding one or more of the 
products listed above. A customer may hold multiple qualifying 
products however will only be counted once as a ‘unique 
customer’. These are measured at a point in time, on 31 March 
in each reported year. 
Mobile money (M-Pesa or equivalent) 
M-Pesa is a simple, secure, inexpensive and convenient solution 
now offered to customers across eight markets: the 
Democratic Republic of the Congo, Egypt, Ethiopia Kenya, 
Lesotho, Mozambique, South Africa and Tanzania. The service 
enables customers to send, receive and store money via a basic 
mobile phone and, more recently in some markets, using a 
smartphone app. safely and securely 
In most markets, this solution is branded as M-Pesa. However, 
in some markets (e.g. Egypt) the same mobile money transfer 
service is branded as ‘VF Cash’. 
M-Pesa (or equivalent) customers are defined as those who 
have used their account (to check their balance or to initiate a 
financial transaction) within the last 30 days. M-Pesa agents (or 
equivalent) are defined as companies or persons authorised to 
offer cash deposit or redemption services to customers. M-Pesa 
(or equivalent) merchants are defined as companies that 
accept M-Pesa (or equivalent) as one of their methods of 
payment . These are measured at a point in time, at 31 March 
in each reported year.

 
Vodafone Group Plc 
 
Protecting our Planet 
Empowering People 
Maintaining Trust 
Other information 
 
 
 
 
31 
Maintaining Trust 
31 People 
33 Diversity and Inclusion 
33 Health and Safety 
34 Responsible Supply Chain 
34 Board & Executive Committee 
34 Remuneration 
 
 
Integrity is core to who we and how we act at Vodafone. 
Recognising that digitisation can be disruptive and pose new 
challenges, we want to be a trusted partner to customers, 
employees, suppliers and the communities we serve in the digital 
society. We protect their data, ensure that services are delivered 
securely and responsibly, and provide guidance on how to 
navigate new technology. We respect human rights across all our 
operations, and proactively manage risks in our supply chain. 
We continue to foster a diverse and inclusive global workforce 
that reflects the customers and societies we serve. We behave 
responsibly and transparently and always strive to uphold the 
highest industry standards. 
People 
We report the average headcount in our direct operations for the 
financial year. This is calculated using monthly headcount 
information which is averaged for the year and includes both 
employees and contractors. 
Employees are individuals holding a permanent or fixed 
term employment contract with Vodafone and paid via 
company payroll. 
Contractors include: 
– Individuals that provide a service for a fixed period of time and 
are employed by a company or agency that contracts with 
Vodafone for the provision of the service; and 
– Temporary workers who are supervised by Vodafone 
employees, not paid via company payroll but are employed 
and paid via an agency. 
All headcount figures exclude Associates and Joint Ventures and 
include any acquisitions or disposals in the year pro-rated from or 
to the date of the transaction. 
Contract type, employee turnover and footprint disclosures are 
based solely on employees average headcount and excludes 
contractors. 

 
Vodafone Group Plc 
 
Protecting our Planet 
Empowering People 
Maintaining Trust 
Other information 
 
 
 
 
32 
Headcount1 
 
2020 
2021 
2022 
2023 
2024 
Employee nationalities 
128 
137 
146 
146 
146 
Average number of employees from continuing operations 
78,346 
80,952 
81,563 
83,186 
85,887 
Average number of contractors from continuing operations 
10,954 
10,455 
8,775 
8,225 
6,848 
Average headcount from all direct continuing operations 
89,300 
91,407 
90,337 
91,410 
92,735 
Average number of employees from discontinued operations2 
9,673 
9,473 
9,444 
9,283 
8,747 
Average number of contractors from discontinued operations2 
35 
6 
4 
2 
2 
Average headcount from all direct discontinued operations2 
9,708 
9,479 
9,447 
9,285 
8,749 
Average number of employees from all direct operations 
88,019 
90,425 
91,006 
92,468 
94,634 
Average number of contractors from all direct operations 
10,989 
10,461 
8,779 
8,227 
6,850 
Average headcount direct operations 
99,008 
100,886 
99,785 
100,695 
101,484 
Notes: 
1. During the current year, information relating to 2020, 2021, 2022 and 2023 has been restated to reflect portfolio changes completed during FY23. See our ESG Addendum Methodology for more information on 
'Portfolio changes'. 
2. Relates to operations in Italy and Spain. 
 
 

 
Vodafone Group Plc 
 
Protecting our Planet 
Empowering People 
Maintaining Trust 
Other information 
 
 
 
 
33 
Employee Turnover 
We calculate employee turnover as the number of male or 
female leavers compared to total overall leavers during the 
reported year. Turnover of employees on fixed term and 
temporary contracts is included where the contract has 
terminated before the contractual end date. 
Voluntary turnover is the departure of the employee by their 
own decision (which includes retirements and death-in-service), 
whereas involuntary turnover is the termination of employment 
by Vodafone. 
Diversity and Inclusion 
We are an inclusive employer and diversity is important to us. Our 
focus is on removing barriers to workplace equality and we are 
committed to developing a diverse and inclusive global 
workforce that reflects the customers and societies we serve. 
Percentage of women in management and senior 
leadership roles 
Calculation of progress against our target of 40% women in 
management and senior leadership roles includes the diversity 
figures for all management bands. Vodafone’s definition of 
‘management’ is aligned with the Willis Towers Watson guidance. 
The methodology refers to a management role as: 
– The primary focus or purpose of the job and its key 
responsibilities relate to the management of people, projects, 
programmes, or processes; 
– Incumbents’ performance objectives are primarily focused on 
the work of the team, unit, project, programme or process 
that is being managed; and 
– For people manager jobs, incumbents have full hire, fire, 
performance review, and pay decision-making accountability. 
The diversity figures are based on the average number of 
employees (full-time/part-time) as at the end of the financial 
year. An employee is defined in the Headcount policy above and 
includes graduates and people on international assignments as 
well as people on work experience who are on the payroll or have 
been at Vodafone (or an operating company) for longer than six 
months. The numbers exclude pensioners and non-employees. 
Race, ethnicity, and cultural heritage (‘REACH’) targets 
We collect this information through our ‘#CountMeIn’ initiative 
which encourages employees to voluntarily self-declare their 
diversity demographics. These include race, ethnicity, disability, 
sexual orientation, gender identity and caring responsibilities, in 
line with local privacy and legal requirements. sexual orientation, 
gender identity and caring responsibilities, in line with local 
privacy and legal requirements. 
Health and Safety 
Keeping people safe is one of the most important responsibilities 
we hold as an employer. Our ongoing focus is to provide a safe 
working environment for everyone working for and on behalf 
of Vodafone and the communities in which we operate.  
We want everyone working with Vodafone to return home 
safely every day. 
Our health and safety management system is based on 
international standards for occupational health and safety, is 
aligned to internationally recognised best practice, and always 
meets local requirements at a minimum. In addition, some of our 
local markets have chosen to undergo certification to ISO 45001, 
the international standard for occupational health and safety. 
We report in accordance with the Group Health and Safety 
policies and standards, all work-related incidents are reported 
through the Global Incident Reporting database. Investigations 
are proportionate to the severity of the incident. We report on 
employees and contractors in accordance with headcount 
reporting methodology (see Headcount section above). 
Work-related injuries or ill health (excluding fatalities) 
We report on work-related employee injury or illness (excluding 
fatalities) that resulted in days away from work (not including the 
day the injury occurred or the illness began). An injury or illness is 
work-related if an event or exposure in the work environment 
either caused or contributed to the resulting condition or 
significantly aggravated a pre-existing injury or illness. 
Lost time incidents (‘LTI’) 
Lost time incident (‘LTI’) is the term we use when an employee 
is injured while carrying out a work-related task and is 
consequently unable to perform regular duties for a complete 
shift or period of time after the incident. Lost time is equivalent 
to 1 working day. 
Total recordable fatalities 
A recordable fatality is a fatal incident that has been reported to 
the Chief Human Resources Officer and Head of Health, Safety 
and Wellbeing and their review of the completed investigation 
has concluded that the incident is within Vodafone control. 
 

 
Vodafone Group Plc 
 
Protecting our Planet 
Empowering People 
Maintaining Trust 
Other information 
 
 
 
 
34 
Responsible Supply Chain 
We spend approximately €24 billion a year with approximately 
8,000 suppliers around the world to meet our businesses and 
customers’ needs across our network infrastructure, IT and 
services related to fixed lines, mobile masts and data centres 
that run our networks. 
Board and Executive Committee 
Appointments 
The Nominations and Governance Committee (‘the Committee’) 
continues to ensure that the Board has an appropriate balance of 
skills, knowledge, experience and diversity so that it is effective in 
discharging its responsibilities and in having oversight of all 
matters relating to corporate governance. 
Remuneration 
The Remuneration Committee sets, assesses and recommends 
for shareholder approval the Remuneration Policy for Executive 
Directors, sets the remuneration of the Executive Directors and 
approves the remuneration for the Chair of the Board and 
members of the Executive Committee. It also reviews 
remuneration arrangements across the Group to ensure they are 
aligned with our strategy, support our purpose and celebrate the 
‘Spirit of Vodafone’. 

 
Vodafone Group Plc 
 
Protecting our Planet 
Empowering People 
Maintaining Trust 
Other information 
 
 
 
 
35 
Other information 
35 GRI Index 
35 UNGC 
35 SFDR 
36 Definitions 
 
 
Global Reporting Initiative (‘GRI’) 
Vodafone’s ESG addendum 2024 and related reporting are in 
reference to the GRI standards: core option. The GRI Standards 
allow companies to report their material impacts for a range of 
economic, environmental and social issues. 
United Nations Global Compact (‘UNGC’) 
Vodafone’s communication on progress is structured using 
the 10 principals of the United Nations Global Compact 
(‘UNGC’). The UN now require online submission of this 
process and Vodafone’s response can be accessed on the 
UNGC CoP platform1. 
SFDR Principal Adverse Impacts (‘PAI’) 
Indicators 
We have prepared an Index in line with the European Union’s 
Sustainable Finance Disclosure Regulation (‘SFDR’), to help 
stakeholders navigate our disclosures easily and to assist 
investors who are required to collect information for their 
own disclosures on Principal Adverse Impacts (‘PAI’). 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Note: 
1. https://unglobalcompact.org/participation/report/cop/advanced/469630 

 
Vodafone Group Plc 
 
Protecting our Planet 
Empowering People 
Maintaining Trust 
Other information 
 
 
 
 
36 
Definitions 
Term 
Definition 
#CountMeIn 
In November 2020 we launched the ‘#CountMeIn initiative which encourages employees to voluntarily self-declare their diversity demographics. These include race, ethnicity, 
disability, sexual orientation, gender identity and caring responsibilities, in line with local privacy and legal requirements. 
_VOIS 
_VOIS (Vodafone Intelligent Solutions) has grown from a single entity service provider to a global purpose-driven company that provides a comprehensive portfolio of services to 
Vodafone and other telecommunications operators throughout the world. 
3G 
A cellular technology based on wide band code division multiple access delivering voice and faster data services. 
4G 
4G or long-term evolution (‘LTE’) technology offers even faster data transfer speeds than 3G. 
5G  
5G is the fifth-generation wireless broadband technology which provides better speeds and coverage than the current 4G. 
Africa 
Comprises the Vodacom Group (including Egypt).  
AGM 
Annual General Meeting 
Agricultural platforms 
Includes eVuna, Connected Farmer and MYFARMWEB. 
Applications (‘Apps’) 
Apps are software applications usually designed to run on a smartphone or tablet device and provide a convenient means for the user to perform certain tasks. They cover a wide 
range of activities including banking, ticket purchasing, travel arrangements, social networking and games. For example, the MyVodafone app lets customers check their bill 
totals on their smartphone and see the minutes, texts and data allowance remaining. 
Carbon Disclosures 
Standards Board (‘CDSB’) 
The CDSB is an international consortium of business and environmental non-governmental organisations (‘NGOs’), which provides companies a framework for reporting 
environmental information with the same rigour as financial information. 
Carbon 
abatement/enablement 
Carbon abatement, also known as enablement or avoided emissions, is an estimated measurement of carbon savings resulting from the use of identified products and services. 
Carbon intensity 
Carbon intensity is a measure of carbon dioxide and other greenhouse gases (CO2e) per specific product unit or financial output. 
Climate Disclosure Project 
(‘CDP’) 
CDP is a not-for-profit charity that runs the global environmental disclosure system for investors, companies, cities, states and regions to manage their environmental impacts. 
Cloud/hosted services 
This means the customer has little or no equipment, data and software at their premises. The capability associated with the service is run from the Vodafone network and data 
centres instead. This removes the need for customers to make capital investments and instead they have an operating cost model with a recurring monthly fee. 
CO2e 
‘CO2e’ or ‘Carbon dioxide equivalent’ is a term for describing different greenhouse gases in a common unit. For any quantity and type of greenhouse gas, CO2e signifies the 
amount of CO2 which would have the equivalent global warming impact. 
Common Functions 
Comprises central teams and business functions. 

 
Vodafone Group Plc 
 
Protecting our Planet 
Empowering People 
Maintaining Trust 
Other information 
 
 
 
 
37 
Term 
Definition 
Conversion Factors 
A conversion factor is a multiplier that describes the rate at which a given activity releases greenhouse gases (‘GHG’s) into the atmosphere. 
Downstream activities 
Downstream activities include emissions-producing activities required to consume Vodafone’s products and services. These include those relating to the use of sold products 
and end-of-life treatment. 
Electric vehicles (‘EV’) 
EVs are vehicles that are either partially or fully powered on electric power. 
Enablement ratio 
The ratio of GHG emissions that our solutions enabled our customers to avoid to the Scope 1 and 2 greenhouse gas ‘GHG’ emissions from our own operations 
Energy Intensity 
Energy intensity is the amount of energy used to produce a given level of output or activity. 
Europe 
Comprises the Group’s European businesses and the UK. 
Fibre to the cabinet (‘FTTC’) Involves running fibre optic cables from the telephone exchange or distribution point to the street cabinets which then connect to a standard phone line to provide broadband. 
Fibre to the home (‘FTTH’) Provides an end-to-end fibre optic connection the full distance from the exchange to the customer’s premises. 
Full time equivalent (‘FTE’) Full time equivalent or FTE refers to the number of employee hours considered full-time. 
GHG Protocol Standards 
GHG Protocol provides greenhouse gas accounting standards, designed to provide a framework for businesses, governments, and other entities to measure and report their 
greenhouse gas emissions in ways that support their missions and goals. 
Gigawatt hours (‘GWh’) 
GWh is a unit of energy representing one billion (1,000,000,000) watt hours and is equivalent to one million kilowatt hours. 
Global Positioning System 
(‘GPS’) 
GPS is a satellite-based radio navigation system 
Green Digital Solutions 
Products and services that can help our customers reduce their carbon emissions and optimise efficiency. 
Greenhouse gas ‘GHG’ 
emissions  
Greenhouse gases (‘GHG’) are gases in the earth’s atmosphere that trap heat. 
High Speed Packet Access 
(‘HSPA’) 
HSPA is an amalgamation of two mobile protocols—High Speed Downlink Packet Access (‘HSDPA’) and High Speed Uplink Packet Access (‘HSUPA’)—that extends and improves 
the performance of existing 3G mobile telecommunication networks. 
International Energy 
Agency (‘IEA’) 
The International Energy Agency is an autonomous intergovernmental organisation, that provides policy recommendations, analysis and data on the entire global energy sector. 
Internet of Things (‘IoT’) 
The network of physical objects embedded with electronics, software, sensors, and network connectivity, including built-in mobile SIM cards, that enables these objects to collect 
data and exchange communications with one another or a database. 
ISO 
International Organisation for Standardisation. 
KWh 
A kilowatt hour (‘kWh’) is a measure of how much energy is used per hour. 

 
Vodafone Group Plc 
 
Protecting our Planet 
Empowering People 
Maintaining Trust 
Other information 
 
 
 
 
38 
Term 
Definition 
Location-based 
A location-based method reflects the average emissions intensity of grids on which energy consumption occurs.  
LTM 
Last twelve months. 
Market-based 
A market-based method reflects emissions from electricity that a company has purposefully chosen (or their lack of choice). 
Mbps 
Megabits (millions) of bits per second. 
Metric tonne 
A metric tonne is equal to 1,000 kilograms. 
Mobile broadband 
Mobile broadband allows internet access through a browser or a native application using any portable or mobile device such as smartphone, tablet or laptop connected to a 
cellular network. 
MWh 
A megawatt hour (‘MWh’) equals 1,000 kilowatts of electricity generated per hour and is used to measure electric output. 
Net Promoter Score (‘NPS’) Net Promoter Score is a customer loyalty metric used to monitor customer satisfaction. 
Net zero 
In line with the SBTi’s Corporate Net Zero Standard, ‘net zero’ means that we will reduce our carbon emissions in absolute terms by 90-95% by our net zero target year (and in line 
with a science-based 1.5-degree pathway), and neutralise any residual emissions through high quality carbon offsetting. 
Non-renewable 
Non-renewable energy comes from sources that will run out or will not be naturally replenished in our lifetimes such as oil and gas. 
Other Europe 
Other Europe comprises Portugal, Ireland, Greece, Romania, Czech Republic and Albania. 
Operating company 
Group companies in countries where we had operational control during the year to 31 March 2024: Albania, Czech Republic, Germany, Greece, Ireland, Italy, Portugal, Romania, 
Spain, Turkey, UK and Vodacom Group and its subsidiaries in the DRC, Egypt, Lesotho, Mozambique, South Africa and Tanzania; 
Partner Markets 
Markets in which the Group has entered into a partner agreement with a local mobile operator enabling a range of Vodafone’s global products and services to be marketed in that 
operator’s territory and extending Vodafone’s reach into such markets. 
pps 
Percentage points. 
Product carbon footprint 
(‘PCF’) 
A product carbon footprint (‘PCF’) is a means for measuring, managing and communicating greenhouse gas (‘GHG’) emissions related to goods and services. 
RAN 
Radio access network is the part of a mobile telecommunications system which provides cellular coverage to mobile phones via a radio interface, managed by thousands of base 
stations installed on towers and rooftops across the coverage area, and linked to the core nodes through a backhaul infrastructure which can be owned, leased or a mix of both. 
RE100 technical guidance RE100 is the global corporate renewable energy initiative bringing together businesses committed to 100% renewable electricity. As a member Vodafone reports annually to the 
initiative. 
Renewable 
Renewable energy is energy that comes from a source that won’t run out. They are natural and self-replenishing, and usually have a low- or zero-carbon footprint for example 
solar or wind power. 

 
Vodafone Group Plc 
 
Protecting our Planet 
Empowering People 
Maintaining Trust 
Other information 
 
 
 
 
39 
Term 
Definition 
Renewable energy 
certificates (‘RECs’) 
Renewable energy certificates (‘RECs’) are a market-based instrument that certifies the bearer owns one megawatt-hour (MWh) of electricity generated from a renewable energy 
resource. 
Science Based Targets 
initiative (‘SBTi’) 
The SBTi is a collaboration between the CDP, the United Nations Global Compact (‘UNGC’), WRI and the World Wide Fund for Nature (‘WWF’). It defines and promotes best 
practices in emissions reductions and net-zero targets in line with climate science. 
Scope 1 
Scope 1 covers direct emissions from owned or operationally controlled sources 
Scope 2 
Scope 2 covers indirect emissions from the purchase and use of electricity, steam, heating and cooling in our owned or operationally controlled activities. 
Scope 3 
Scope 3 includes all other indirect emissions that occur in the upstream and downstream activities. 
Supplier factor 
The emissions factor reported by the utility provider. 
Task Force on Climate-
related Financial 
Disclosures (‘TCFD’) 
TCFD is a global framework for companies and other organisations to develop more effective climate-related financial disclosures through their existing reporting processes. 
The Carbon Trust 
The Carbon Trust provides independent certification and assurance services in sustainability. 
UK Streamlined Energy 
and Carbon Reporting 
(‘SECR’) 
The UK Streamlined Energy and Carbon Reporting (SECR) policy requires organisations to share energy use and carbon emissions information in their annual reports.  
Upstream activities 
Upstream activities include all emissions-producing activities required to produce Vodafone’s products and services. These include the purchase of goods from manufacturers 
and transportation costs. 
Vodafone Business 
Vodafone Business supports organisations in a digital world. With Vodafone’s expertise in connectivity, our leading IoT platform and our global scale, we deliver the results that 
organisations need to progress and thrive. We support businesses of all sizes and sectors. 
Vodafone Procurement 
Company (‘VPC’) 
VPC is Vodafone’s procurement company, leading purchasing and supplier management for Vodafone as a whole. Based in Luxembourg, VPC manages most of Vodafone’s 
spending with suppliers worldwide. VPC supports the needs of Vodafone’s operating companies and group functions and sells procurement services to third parties. 
Water intensity 
Water intensity is the amount of water a company withdraws per a specific product unit or financial output. 
Water stressed 
Water stress occurs when the demand for water exceeds the available amount during a certain period or when poor quality restricts its use. 
World Resources Institute 
(‘WRI’) 
The World Resources Institute is a global research non-profit organisation. WRI’s activities are focused on seven areas: food, forests, water, energy, cities, climate and ocean. 
 

